################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-03 - The Reality of Redemption - Part 1 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-03
Title:   The Reality of Redemption - Part 1 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDGKNp5WJlQ
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
46:59 - Ministry
2:09:44 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] We'll have a little talk with Jesus. Let's tell them all about our trles. He will hear our faintest cry and he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer will turning and you know little fire is burning, you will find a little talk with Jesus. Makes it right. Amen. Let's sing once again. Let's have Oh, let's have a little talk with Jesus. Get to tell him all about our trles. He will hear our faintest cry and he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer real turning and you know a little fire is burning, you will find a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Let's sing it once again. Oh, let's have a little talk with Jesus. Let's tell him all about our trles. He will hear our faintest cry. And he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer will turning. Then you know a little fire is burning. You will find a little talk with Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Let's all sing it just one more time. Let's all stand this morning. Well, let's have a little talk with Jesus. Let us tell them all about our trles. He will hear our faintest cry. And he will answer by and by. Now when you feel a little prayer will turning, then you know a little fire is burning. You will find a little talk with Jesus. Oh. Oh, I just see one more time. Let's talk. Oh, let's have a little talk with Jesus. Let us tell them all about our troubles. He will hear our faintest cry. He's going to answer by and by. And now when you feel a little prayer turning. Oh, and you know a little fire is burning. Yes. Find a little talk with Jesus makes it right. And now when you feed a little prayer will turning. And you know a little fire is burning. You will find a little talk with Jesus makes it right. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh yes. That's what I want this morning. How about you? That's a little talk with Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm so glad that we can talk to the Lord. Amen. How many's glad about that this morning? Amen. You get to tell him everything that you're going through your whole day. Amen. That's such a privilege and an honor. Amen. To serve the Lord, isn't it? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God once again on a beautiful Sunday morning and just looking forward to what God has in store for us. How many's ready for the word this morning? Amen. Just want to hear from the Lord. Amen. I certainly do, too. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise God. We just have just a few prayer requests this morning. But how many knows that God's able to meet each and every need? Amen. Amen. You believe that with all your heart this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. I certainly do, too. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is um this is from brother and sister Gomez says uh prayers for the Dvilla and Gomez family. Uh she went home yesterday. So remember them in prayer that God would just be with them. Amen. Also this is an unspoken prayer request. The Lord knows our needs. Amen. God certainly does know our needs, doesn't he? Amen. He certainly does. This is from Sister Naomi. says, "Prayers for my children, lost loved ones." Amen. God certainly Amen. God God certainly knows all about that, doesn't he? Amen. Uh please keep Brother Rocco in your prayers for healing. Amen. So remember brother Roco in prayer. Amen. Certainly appreciate our brother. Amen. Amen. He's really wonderful brother. Amen. This is a special unspoken request. Amen. So God certainly knows all about that. Amen. This is from Sister Stephanie says, "Please continue to pray for my friend Heather Kremens. She's back in the hospital. Also for Gilbert Laney to come back to the Lord. God bless sister Stephanie." Amen. So remember, Amen. that those needs and prayer that God would just touch them this morning. This is a prayers for sister Cruz and for brother and sister Crest and also Marco Miranda. Amen. So remember remember Amen. our brothers and sisters. Amen. and just pray that God will continue to give strength to sister Cruz. Amen. And continue to be with her. Amen. It's good to have brother Sister Crest with us this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Also, this is from Sister Judith. Says, "Shalom. I'm requesting a prayer for my mom who is going to have a colonoscopy procedure tomorrow." So, remember sister Judith's mother in prayer for that procedure. Amen. How many has a need you'd like to be known by lifted hand? Amen. I'm sure we we all have needs. We're all in need of the Lord Jesus this morning. Amen. Like to ask brother Dave Crest Jr. if you would take these requests before the Lord. Certainly appreciate Brother Dave Crest. Amen. And appreciate you, brother. Amen. Let's just be with our brother. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts before the Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, it's just such an honor, Lord, and just such a blessing, Lord, as the song says, just to just have the privilege, Lord, just to have a little talk with you, Lord. And Lord, we can, Lord, tell you all about our troubles, Lord. Just heard brother Brandham said this morning, Lord, how he was saying that Lord, it's about how we believe, Lord, that you hear, Lord, and Lord, you are ready to intercede, Lord, on our behalf, Lord. And we know Lord we are a needy people Lord we all we all come to you Lord with needs Lord and things in our life Lord things on our heart Lord maybe things that are spoken Lord things that are unspoken Lord and just Lord you know everything we go through Lord and even before we approach you Lord he's the Bible says you know that our needs Lord even even before we speak them Lord so we just love you Lord we just thank you Lord for just being such a wonderful father Lord and such such a personal friend, Lord, and just be able to be able to talk to you, Lord, and and just carry, Lord, our burdens to you, Lord, and be able to leave them there. Know, Lord, you're the one who can answer, Lord. Be able to, Lord, come into each and every situation, Lord, and just be able to touch each situation, Lord. Just reading this morning how, Lord, there's a man bound by a thousand demons, Lord. and and how you went and approached and all you said was go Lord in this situation totally changed Lord and Lord you totally changed the the man's life Lord with one word Lord just how you can move on the scene Lord even in this service this morning Lord we just ask you Lord just to be able to Lord just have your way Lord and just just be at liberty to come Lord and minister Lord to each and every need Lord that's what we're here for just communion and fellowship Lord with you and just just to be able to draw closer to you, Lord. And just to be able to, Lord, just enter into even a deeper relationship with you, Lord, than we'd ever seen before, Lord. And just pray for Brother Samuel, Lord, as he would be preparing, Lord, and just be able to enter in, Lord, to the channel, Lord. You would have him, Lord, and just operate the gift, Lord, that you've placed in his life. And I pray you just bless him, Lord, and help him, Lord, as he brings forth the word, Lord. And pray for each and every one of the requests, Lord. And Lord, the ones that are here, the ones that could not be here, Lord. Just think of Brother Roco, Lord, and Lord, Sister Cruz, Lord, how we miss the the different ones when they're not here. Just the little liquifier, Lord, that's not not with us, Lord. We we miss each and every one. So, we just pray, Lord, that you would touch each and every need, Lord. And just for the remainder of this service, Lord, we just pray for your blessings, Lord. And again, just to have more fellowship and communion, Lord, with you, Lord. We're just looking forward to what you would have for us today, Lord. Pray you'd bless the tithes and offerings, Lord, and just each and every aspect of this service, Lord. Brother Paul, Lord, the songs, Lord, that would be sung, Lord, just to bring worship to you and just create an atmosphere, Lord, that you would just, Lord, be Lord, just able to come and abide with us, Lord, this morning. We invite you, Lord. We love you, Lord. I ask these things in your bless blessed name the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Appreciate you. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats as the brothers come to take the tithes and offerings. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's glad and thankful to be in the house of God this morning? Amen. Amen. I tell you what, and I don't know where else I would go without without the Lord. Amen. I don't know where else I'll go but to the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that little song this morning. Where could I go but to the Lord? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, we're livinging below in this old sinful world. Oh, hardly a comfort can't afford. Oh, I'm striving alone to face temptation. soul. But tell me, where could I go but to the Lord? Amen. El sing it now. Well, where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Well, I'm seeking a refuge for my soul. Yes, I'm needing a friend. Oh, to help me in the end. Tell me where could I go but to the Lord. Oh well neighbors are kind and I love them everyone. Oh well we get along and sweet of poor. Oh, but when my soul it needs mana from above, tell me where could I go but to the Lord. Oh my yes, Lord. Oh, tell me where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Oh, I'm seeking a refuge for my soul. [Music] Oh, I'm needing a friend to help me in the end. But tell me, where could I go but to the Lord? Oh, I know life here is grand. Oh, it's friends I love so dear. Oh, comfort I get from God's over. I may sing for the word of God. Amen. Oh, yet when I face oh that chilling hand of death, won't you tell me where could I go? But to the Lord. Oh, tell me where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Oh, well, seeking a refuge for my soul. Oh yes, I'm needing a friend that's going to help me in the end. Oh, tell me where could I go but to the Lord. Let's sing that third verse just one more time. Well, I know life here is grand. Oh, with friends I love so dear. Oh, well comfort I get from God's own. Oh, that's the only source of comfort this morning. Oh yet when I face oh that chilling hand of death. Oh church tell me where could I go but to the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Where could I go? Oh where could I go? Oh, I'm seeking a refuge for my soul. [Music] Oh, I'm needing a friend that's going to help me in the end. And tell me where could I go but to the Lord. One more time. Amen. Let's sing it all together. Oh, tell me where could I go? Church, where could I go? Oh, I'm seeking a refuge for my soul. Oh, yes. Needing a friend that's to help me in the end. Tell me where. [Music] Oh, tell me where. Could I go but to the Lord? Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. Hallelujah. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. Yes, Lord Jesus. For my rest is complete. While I sit at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Let's just sing that. Amen. Let's let the Holy Spirit Let's move in here. Sweep over my Yes, Lord. Have thine own way, Lord. Sweep over my soul, sweet spirit. Sweep over my soul. Oh, my rest is complete. My rest is complete. While I sit at your Yes, Jesus. Oh, sweet Holy Spirit, sweep over my soul. Oh, that sounds real good. Let's just sing that one more time to the Lord. Sweep over, sweep over my Let's make it a prayer this morning. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. [Music] Yes, Lord Jesus. My rest is complete while I sit at your feet. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. My rest is complete while I sin at your feet. Sweet spirit. sweep over my soul. Amen. Is that your prayer this morning? Amen. Sweep over our souls, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. Why should I worry? Why should I fear when this very same Jesus is always near? Aren't you glad that he's near you this morning? Not just he's near you, but he's within you. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing this song to the Lord. Out on the waterers, [Music] the storm raging high. The waters around them a trouble that night. And fear filled their hearts. And they thought they would die. But they failed to remember that the master was Oh, hallelujah. When he spoke the word, Amen. And the winds all stood still. Thank you, Lord. Oh, even the waters they obeyed his will and he calmed their storms. Amen. Just like he mine if I just remember that he lives deep inside. So why should I worry? Why should I fear? Why should we fear when this very saint Jesus stays always near? He lives in my heart. Amen. And he hears when I cry. I will call on his name until the storm passes by. I read in the Bible how he walked with them. Oh yes. Brought light to their darkness. When the way grew so dim, how great it would be to have a step sleep in mine. Oh yes, and to walk with the master. Oh, all of the time. And so when trials come, oh yes, and death seems so nigh, oh, I'll just search for the mass. I know this. I know he'll be there on time. When I'm in trouble and my body's in pain, I know all I have to do is to just call his name. So why should we worry? Why should we worry, church? Why should we fear? Oh, and this very saint. Oh, thank you, Lord. You're always so near, Lord. He Oh, yes, he does. And he hears when I cry. I'm going to call on his name until the storm pass. Let's sing that second verse again. Read in the Bible. How he walked with them. He brought light to their darkness when the way grew so dim. How great it would be to have a step lead to mine and to walk with the master all of the time. I know that when trials come and death seems so nigh, I know I'll just search for the master. I know he'll be there on time. And when I'm in trouble, oh yes, and my bodyy's in pain. I know this church, but all we have to do is to just call on his holy precious name. So why should we worry? Oh, I should Oh, why should I fear when this very saint Jesus he stays always near? Yes, he lives in my heart. I'm glad he hears me when I cry. Hallelujah. When I call on his name until the storm. Oh, let's sing that just one more time. Sounds real beautiful. Why should we worry? Why should we fear when this very same Jesus, he stays always near. He lives in my heart and he hears me when I cry. I will call on his name until the storm passes by. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad that he's near? Amen. Not only is he near, but he's living inside of you. Aren't you so glad that he's with us? Amen. He said he'll never ever leave you. He won't never forsake you. Amen. What a promise we have in him. Amen. This morning, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I don't know about you. It just makes me so thankful this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. Amen. I know we've we sang as a special. I want to try as a congregational. Amen. Let me tell you about my Jesus. We might done as a congregational before. I'm not sure. We're going to try it this morning. So, Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Help me sing it if you know it this morning. Well, are you past the point of weery? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Oh, let me tell you about. Oh, do you feel that empty feeling? Because shame's on the ceiling and you're desperate for some healing. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, well, he makes a way when there ain't no way arises up from. Oh, that he can't save. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Well, his love is strong and his grace is free. And oh, he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's sing once again. When he makes a way when that's it. Oh, rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can save. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Well, his love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is that I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Amen. Let my Jesus change your life. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Oh, are you past the point of weary? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all? Is it all too much to carry? Oh yes. Well, let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz shame's on all this stealing. Are you desperate for some healing? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Well, he makes a way when there ain't aren't you glad. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't say. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Look, his love is strong and his grace is free. that I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, let my Jesus change your Oh yes, Lord. A hallelujah. Oh yes, a hallelujah. A hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who can wipe away the tears? Oh yes. From broken dreams and wasted years until the past disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would going under if you could. Oh, amen. Who can work it all for your good? Oh, will let me tell you about my Jesus. So, he makes a way. When there ain't no Oh, yes. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can say. Oh, let me. Well, that's my Jesus this morning. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news I know that he can do for you what he's done for you and me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh well, let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, I like this verse right here. Who wouldn't take my cross to Calary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much? That's my Lord. Amen. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, I know this. He makes a way when there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Oh yes. Oh well, let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, and let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Once again. Oh halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Hallelujah. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, that's my Jesus this morning. He makes a way when there ain't no way. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Praise God. Amen. Oh, I'm so glad about my Jesus. Amen. No one can do me like Jesus. No one can do us like him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this little song. Amen. Before brother Samuel comes. How many's ready for the word of God this morning? Amen. Amen. I know I am, too. Let's sing a song. Amen. God is good all the time. He puts a song of praise. But that's hard. Aren't you glad that he that he's good? Amen. Amen. Let's sing this little chorus this morning. Oh, God is good all the time. He's put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Hallelujah. good all the time. And through the darkest of night, his light is going to shine. God is good. Oh yes, God is good. Oh, all the time. Let's sing once again. Oh, God is good. Yes, he is good all the time. He put a song of praise deep down in this heart of mine. My God is good. Hallelujah. good all the time. And through the darkest of night, I know his light is going to shine. God is good, my God. Oh, is he good? Well, all the time. Well, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around a church, do not fear. Why? Because he will guide you. Oh yes, he will. And he will keep you safe and sound. Cuz I know he's promise to never leave you nor for. Oh, aren't you glad about that? And his word is, oh, God is good. Yes, he is good all the time. He put us some of deep down in this. My God is good. Oh, is he so good. Good all the time. And through the darkest of night, I know his light is going to shine. My God is good. Oh, is he good? Hallelujah. All the time. Well, we were sinners. We were so unworthy yet still for us he chose to die. Aren't you glad he filled you with his Holy Spirit? Now I can stand. I can testify with all of my mouth that his love is everlasting. Oh yes it is. His mercies they will never end. But my God is good. Oh hallelujah. Good all the time. He put us all up with deep down in this. God is good. Oh yes Lord. For good all the time. And through the darkest of night I know his light is going to shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. Oh, he's so good. [Applause] Well, though I may not even understand all of the plans that you have for me, I know this one thing that my life, Lord, is in your hands. And we're trusting in you, Lord. And through the eyes of faith. Oh, I can clearly see that my God is good. Oh, all the time. Oh, yes. In this heart of mine, God is Oh, he's so good. [Music] This body is complaining. Oh, he's so good. Hallelujah. Oh, let's just clap our hands. Let's worship Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, do you believe he's good to you this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, sing it once again. God is good. Lord, you're so good. A good old time. You put a song of praise deep down in this God. Oh Lord, you're so good. Good all the time. And through the darkest of night, I know. Oh, God is good. My God is good. God is so good. God is good. My God is good. God is so good. God is good. My God is so good all the time. Hallelujah. Oh, is he good this morning? Amen. Is he faithful? As we can say, he's faithful and he's good all the time. Hallelujah. Oh, I serve a great big God this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm so glad about that this morning. Amen. He truly is good to us. Amen. No one can do us love No one can do us like Jesus. And nobody can love us like Jesus. Let's sing that before brother Samuel comes. Nobody Amen. Nobody loves loves me like you love me, Jesus. Amen. You believe that this morning? There's there's no one in this world, there's no one that loves you like him. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that this morning. Morning. I see you in the sunrise every morning. It's like a picture that you painted for me. Oh, a love letter in the sky. Roll in store. Lord, I could have had a really different story. I'm glad he did this. But you came down from heaven to restore me. Yes, sir. for you forever. Save my life. Oh, let's sing it all together now. Nobody loves me like you love me. Jesus, I stand I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. Oh yes. God, you are faithful. Nobody loves me like you. Oh hallelujah. Oh mountains. But I'm glad that he's breaking down the way of all my mountains. Oh, and even when it feels like I'm surrounded, Lord, I know you never leave my side. Oh, he's a friend that sticketh closer to brother. Amen. Oh, nobody loves me like you love me. And G. Oh, that's the truth. Amen. I stand in all of your amazing way. I worship you as long as I am breathing. Cuz God, God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Oh, let's sing it once again. Oh, well story. Lord, I could have had a really different story. But I'm so glad that he came down from heaven to restore me. Aren't you thankful? Oh, he forever save my life. Let's sing mountains once again. Oh mountains, Lord, you are breaking down the way of all my mountains. Oh, and even when it feels like I am surrounded, I know this that he would never leave my side. That's my Jesus. And nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. May I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. Cuz God, you are faithful and true. Nobody, nobody loves me like you, Lord. Nobody loves me like you. Love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. Cuz God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. Oh yes, God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Oh amazing love, how can it be that you, my king, would die for me? Oh, that's amazing love this morning. Oh, amazing love. I know it's true. Cuz it's my joy to honor you. Oh, in all that I do, I honor you. Let's sing that. I'm forgiven. Amen. Oh, I'm forgi because you were forsaken. Oh yes, I'm accepted. Lord, you were condemned. Oh, I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me. It's all because you died and rose again. Oh, let's sing it. Amazing love. Amazing love. How can it be? Oh, that you, my king, would die for me. Amazing love. Amazing love. I know it's true cuz it's my joy to honor you. Oh, in all I do, I honor you. Amen. Sing that second verse. Amen. Oh, I'm a free man because you paid my ransom and by your spirit, Lord, I've been born again. Oh, so unworthy of the grace that you freely give and still yet you have chose to be my friend. Oh, amazing love. Hallelujah. Oh, amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me? Oh, amazing love. Amazing love. I know it's true. Oh, cuz it's my joy to honor you, Lord, in all I do. I honor you. Because Jesus, you are my king. Oh, is he your king this morning? Jesus you are my king Jesus you. Jesus you. You are my king Jesus. You Jesus you. Are my king. Amazing love. Amazing love. How can it be? Let's all stand this morning that you, my king, would die for me. Oh yes, Lord. It's amazing love. Amazing love. I know it's true. Cuz it's my joy to honor you. Oh, amazing love once again. Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me? Oh, yes. Amazing love. Amazing love. I know it's true. Cuz it's my joy to honor you. Oh, in all I do. I honor you in all I do. I honor you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. So good to be gathered together here once again this morning and good to be in his presence, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Amen. That's that's what means everything to us. Amen. He's everything. And uh greatest thing we're privileged to do is be able to lay down our lives. Amen. For him. Amen. Each and every day. And so we just thank God for his mercy. And just want to welcome each and every one of you. And um we want to just turn our attention here into uh the word of the Lord here this morning. And uh I want to like to go straight into Ruth chapter 4. And um amen. The word of the Lord is so wonderful &gt;&gt; and always so encouraging and refreshing and you know it's always gives us a real real direction in our lives and uh just um just a little something we'll speak on here this morning out of here that I really just couldn't get away from and I've been going back through that message I don't know for months even when I wasn't even uh took a little space from Ruth there and actually I was still in it but I was dealing with the between here and there and um I just couldn't get away from it. Just really something pressing from when we were on the plane and going to Texas and I just was looking at these things. So we just um just trust the Lord will just speak to our hearts. Amen. Once again, so let's look here in verse in verse 7 of Ruth chapter 4. And the scripture said, "Now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing for to confirm all things. A man plucked off his shoe and gave it to his neighbor." And this was a testimony in Israel. Therefore, the kinsmen said unto Boaz, now remember this this kinsman that we have no name for it in the scripture. Naomi is aware of this other kinsman. Ruth is made aware of it as well. And this other kinsman is actually, as we looked at it a few weeks ago, was the nearest &gt;&gt; kinsman. and this nearest kinsman who he was willing to uh purchase the property of Naomi but when it came to Ruth that's where he drew the line so he was interested in property but the thing that he couldn't do remember the prophet tells us he said that near kinsman that was nearest to us was the devil &gt;&gt; and that was by that first nature We were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to this world speaking lies. We, as Paul would say, we were by nature &gt;&gt; the children of wrath. That's why the new birth is more than just an anointing that comes upon our spirit or our mind. Um, even deeper than to make us just love felio to love God in our own way. It's got to be the love of God. And there must be an absolute change in our life that only the Holy Spirit can bring. And when that change has come, it's not God cleaning up the old man and the old nature and trying to make him fitable, presentable. It's God actually moves in. The prophet teaches us over and over that God actually moves in. And as soon as he can get that first nature to agree with the word of God, he kills it. &gt;&gt; Right? Because God, remember, he cannot marry us if we still have a living husband, &gt;&gt; right? That that'd be adultery. He can't do that. There has to be a death to that first husband, &gt;&gt; right? Romans 7. So then when that death has come, then God raises up that that place which has been reserved, that womb, that bedding ground that has been reserved for him the whole time. And then he imparts his life. It's God becoming now us uniting with God. So with this kinsman here, let me get back to scripture. It says, "Therefore the kinsmen said unto Boaz, buy it for thee." So he drew off his shoe. And Boaz said unto the elders. Boaz said unto the elders and to all of the people, "Ye are witnesses this day that I have bought all that was IMC and all that was Kylons and Malons of the hand of Naomi. Moreover, Ruth the Moabitis, the wife of Malon, have I purchased to be my wife." Oh my. to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brethren. Remember that was part, as we looked at a few weeks ago, that was part of what was done. And from the gate of his place, ye are witnesses this day. And all the people that were in the gate, and the elders said, We are witnesses. The Lord make the woman that has come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah, which too did build the house of Israel, and do thou worthily in Ephra, and be famous in Bethlehem, and let thy house be like the house of Pharaohs, whom tomorrow bear unto Judah, of the seed which the Lord shall give thee of this young woman. So Boaz took Ruth, and she was his wife. And when he went in unto her, the Lord gave her conception, and she bare a son. I'd like to speak this morning on the reality of redemption. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are certainly so thankful, dear God, as the songs that Zion have, Lord went forth and have been sung, Lord, from our hearts. God the experience Lord in our lives of who we know you to be. Father truly Lord the song that Lord even I came out here on amazing love oh God how incredible how Lord tremendous Lord it is oh God to think oh God of how that your love Lord it brought you down to become one of us Lord. Oh God, your love, Lord, manifest it to us that you would lay down your life for us, Lord. Oh God, you would bear away our sins, Lord. Take them to the lowest parts of hell and then to raise up on that Easter morning, Lord, to present yourself, Lord, and then to send back the Holy Ghost, Lord, that Father, you might not just be with us, but you would be in us, Lord. Oh God, bringing us back, Lord, that of our soul, Lord, into that place of a redeemed state. And Lord, through that, oh God, we have the longing, the groaning, the yearning, Lord, in our lives, Lord, for we know that God, when you have redeemed us, Lord, a redeemer, as your prophet says, redeems us completely, Lord, it begins with the soul. And father it works Lord God out Lord into the other realms Lord knowing one day Father oh God that this Lord this soul it will be matched and paired Lord with our theophony Lord and then Lord that glorified body oh God you have made a way Father and we're so thankful for your mercies Lord this morning Father may you just Lord God grant us the grace as speaker and hearer together to just step aside for a few moments, Lord. And God, may you breathe upon us, Lord Jesus. May the word of God just Lord come, I pray, Lord, just drive back any Lord, spirits of gloom and doubt and darkness, Lord. May God, may every promise, Lord Jesus, be made so certain because you've been lifted up, Lord. Oh God, we pray, Lord, be lifted up, Lord. be lifted up in every situation, in every heart, in every mind. Be lifted up, Lord. I pray, Father, for you are worthy, Lord. And we ask all these things, Lord, in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. That name that's above every other name, Lord. We ask it all for your glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you're being seated. Amen. I want to to just speak here just a few moments here in this on a public on the reality of redemption because I certainly believe that there is a a real reality and I could say it in this way that there are realities. It's not it's not a a story. It's a reality. There's there all the way through the the Bible. The Bible is the book of redemption. It speaks of redemption. Even as we're reading here with Ruth, what a wonderful love story, but it's deeper than just a love story. It's it's a story of redemption. And God's laid that all the way through all all the way all the way through from uh even from in the beginning. And we see how how Adam how he how he went and he took Eve unto himself. Then we find God coming down making the promise that I you know that I will bring you back. I will make a way. And all of this on and on as we can go. And it all it all speaks within that thought of the book of that of redemption. And I want to just say within this it it had to be as this as the scriptures we read. It had to be a public testimony. And it was that which was you know Boaz never he Boaz never moved around in the scripture and you know actually uh made known his his care and so forth for Ruth. But Ruth she there was a confidence that she was able to have within Boaz because of everything Boaz you know speaking kindly speaking friendly everything that has been done all the way down through leading up to that time. And so, you know, he was he was open as I referred to that of the other kinsmen. He he came right out. It was to the gate which is where all transactions were to be made. He must go to the gate of of his place of of that which was that that it belonged to. And we find that he he laid it all out. But yet remember that other kinsman would not was not willing to do it lest he mar his inheritance. And the prophet tells us he said that of the nearest kinsman we said was the devil. He said and he could not become he said he could not become uh you know that to take away our our sin because he already was the devil. But there had to be one that was able to come and to stand in on our behalf an innocent one that would actually take and pay the price. And so just like Boaz, everything was was out was out and declared within the open, God himself when God came down among us and and to redeem us, God had already gave witness of this, showing it in type also expressed through the prophets, God would express through them. And he laid all of it out. And it was God coming in the fulfillment of his word with one purpose in mind. And that was redemption. He submitted himself to pay the price because remember this this this redeemer, this kinsman redeemer not only must be a worthy man. He must be financially able, he must be able to to satisfy the debt. All of these things had had to come in and most importantly he had to be willing to do it. And so within the willingness to do it, we find that God himself even coming down to become one of us. It was all part of the plan. Before there was Adam, dust, star or molecule, the the plan of redemption was already laid within the mind of God. And this is where we can see that when we look clear back in Revelations 13:8 where it says the lamb was slain in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. And this is why that when Isaiah was caught in caught up in the spirit in Isaiah 53, he speaks and utters the words that will we will see fulfilled at Calvary, but he speaks of it not in something that will be, but he says he was bruised &gt;&gt; for our for our uh iniquities. He was he was wounded for our our transgression. He speaks in past tense because in God's mind, it's already a finished work. So he's caught up into that which you know it would not be a prophet doesn't utter their own words. But a prophet is a mouthpiece of God. A prophet is actually that with a gift within the life that God will actually bring that prophet in into the channels of of his word of his thought. And he's not actually speaking something that is is is is new or hasn't been spoken but he's caught. and to be able to hear what God himself has already uttered. And so when we recognize that this this transaction itself in Isaiah 53, it was completely fulfilled there at Calvary where where when Christ himself like Boaz kicked off and took off his shoe, the prophet tells us that how that the Lord Jesus, he kicked off his righteousness. He laid aside his splendor, laid aside his glory in order to pay that price of redemption for you and I. And brother Ram says it like this. He says, "When this great Boaz redeemed her, he had to make a public showing that he had redeemed all of her lost estate." So he went to the gate of Bethlehem, that little city again, and he called the elders of the city, and he let them know that day that he had bought everything that Naomi had lost. Everything that she lost, he bought it back. He kicked off his shoe and threw it up before the people as an in sign. And if there's anyone, this is what was being said. If there's anyone has any reason to say something, say it now. For this is a memorial that I've redeemed everything that she lost. &gt;&gt; So they're given the witnesses are given an opportunity. I anyone else can you say anything? Because once this transaction has been completed, then every other voice is silenced. &gt;&gt; Because what what what has happened, the transaction has already spoken. It doesn't matter what kind of claim comes out. It doesn't matter what comes after that. It's already been a public testimony and the transaction has already been made. Oh my. And look at this. He goes on as he's telling us about this this public in sign that was made there at Calvary. And he says a public in sign was made at Calvary that I've redeemed the whole human race and everything that they ever lost. He redeemed our soul, redeemed our body, redeemed everything that we lost in the fall. Our kinsman redeemer came and was made flesh and dwelt among us and offered up the inside and said, "It's finished." Right. &gt;&gt; What's finished? Everything is finished. We're just walking right into our inheritance. And as the days go on, we're walking closer and closer. &gt;&gt; Now, we recognize that we, as Paul would write in Romans chapter 8, that we are waiting for that redemption of the body. We receive that that that redemption by the spirit of God coming in to our lives and laying hold upon that part that belongs to him and and the spirit of God coming to make redemption a reality by the spirit of God coming into our lives to bring that to a personal revelation. Because remember, it's not a group revelation. It's not a church revelation. It's not a family revelation. It's an individual revelation. we that it must be a personal revelation between God and you that he was wounded for my transgressions that if it hadn't been nobody else he was coming for me because I always belong to him you see in order this is the thing in order to redeem redeem itself means I am taking back into my possession what is rightfully mine and is always belong to mine belong to me that's what redemption is. So when when we understand that, that's the whole part that's been laid all the way down through scripture that we recognize it's not a that that redemption is not a haphazard event. It's not a a by chance, but remember that that the son of man is come, the scripture said, to seek and save that which was lost. So if we're lost at one time we were found, we at one time where we were, now he's come to bring us back to where we always were &gt;&gt; as sons and daughters of God. Now when you think of this, we we are redeemed as I read that there in the scripture in our text in wrote in Ruth chapter 4 in our text and brother Ram says it like this because when we think about this and in looking at this testimony and he's talking about how that you know within this testimony of us being redeemed, how a redeemer redeems us completely. Now, let me just say it like this. With him making a public testimony, if he was willing to make a public testimony, then you know that brings you and I to a place that you and I must also have a public testimony. And that public testimony itself is not us dying for our sins, but it is dying to self. I want to let me just read just a few scriptures here in in Mark chapter 8. I'm just going to read them. You can listen. Jesus himself spoke more of our cross than he did his own cross. He said, "Whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me." &gt;&gt; So a cross itself, it is a dying to self. He goes on to say over and over, "Whosoever shall keep his life, he'll lose it. But whoever is willing to lose it or surrender or give his life shall find it." Because you see this life is not really about this life. This life is about making preparation for that which is to come. &gt;&gt; So then this is where Jesus would say whosoever when he would say what will man give in exchange for his soul. He says in Mark 8:38, "Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me, and my words in this adulterous and sinful generation, of him also shall the son of man be ashamed when he cometh in the glory of his father with the holy angels." Let me just say it like this. But Ruth, remember it was Ruth who made the approach to Boaz and said, "Thou art a near kinsman. I am Ruth, thine handmade." You see, if you don't want to be identified with God, God's not going to come and be identified with you. But you you have to want to want you have to welcome him. You have to invite him. You have to want to be identified with him. And you say, "Well, how is that displayed in my life?" Well, when our heart is turned and it's beginning to turn, it's taking the word of God and applying it to our life. You see, this is why that an individual cannot just say, well, you know, I'm just going to wait till the Holy Ghost comes and when the Holy Spirit comes, you know, he'll just do everything for me. Jesus said, if you love me, you keep my words. And if you and if you keep my words, then we will come and make our abode in you. You see, the word the word going forth makes a way for him who is the word to come and dwell in the midst of our life. It's true. the Holy Spirit coming. We need the Holy Ghost. That's what changes and changes the desires of our life. Is that right? But to understand we've got there has to be an approach to want to be identified with him. Listen friends, this is where it comes down. If he was willing to be identified with us, then I think with everything within us, we should want to be identified with him. I I I want to be identified with this message. And I I'm not talking about carrying around a picture cuz that's not the identification we're talking about. I'm not talking about a bumper sticker. I'm not even talking about being a part of a church. Yet, we believe in being a part and assembling together. But I'm talking about where his life is inside of you because that's the only thing that God's going to recognize. That's the only thing that's going in the rapture is where there's a public testimony that what he did on Calvary, the effects and the victory of it are manifested through your life. That you are identified with him. And it's not something you have to tell to somebody, but you're identified in the way that we live. This is why the prophet said it's come to such a place of a confession. I'm a Methodist. I'm a Pentecostal. I'm a Baptist. It's got to be deeper than just saying saying a phrase. It's got to be a life on the inside. The Bible tells us that when Peter and James was there and the Bible says they took knowledge that they had been with Jesus. It wasn't that they were had the walk or the tilt or the everything. It wasn't a physical impression. They had been with Jesus. There had been an experience and that same life had come on the inside of them and they were identified by his presence and his word living out through their lives. That's the greatest identification. I tell you the greatest thing that we could be known by is to be a believer is to be a Christian where others can say even here in the assembly and everywhere we go that's a real genuine believer. That's a real Christian. to be identified with Jesus Christ, that is a real public testimony. &gt;&gt; So, it ain't something that that we want to hide. You know, that's why that that within it if someone says, "Well, you know, you know, I I want to be a Christian, but you know, in the workplace, then then you haven't went deep enough yet &gt;&gt; because you're still ashamed of him." &gt;&gt; Well, my associates, you're still ashamed of him. You got to go deeper. &gt;&gt; You got to come to that place to where you are not ashamed to be identified with him. When a person gives their life to the Lord, the first thing they're to do, the Bible even says that we are to confess with our mouth. If you it should not be anything in a life that would be ashamed to confess, I have been saved. Let me tell you, you want your old associates to run away. You say, "Well, brother Samuel, they might be se, but I'm not going to try to keep them around by compromising with them. Neither am I going to bash them, but I'm going to let them know that there is a work that is taking place in my life. You You want to know how to apply the word? You want to know how to be identified with him? You've got to stand for him. &gt;&gt; I am a Christian. I am a believer. &gt;&gt; Brother, let me tell you what'll happen. You ever you ever turn the lights on? I remember when I, you know, when I was a a senior in high school and I stayed over a person's house. I'd never seen roaches before in my life and we went down there. We went down there in the middle of the night and turned on the the light. I didn't know what in the world that was. That that gave me the heebie-jebies for the rest of the night. Brother Samuel, what are you saying? I'm trying to tell you when you begin to identify with the word of God, you don't have to worry about all of these separation here. When the light comes on, the roaches will head for darkness. &gt;&gt; But it depends how bad. Do you want to be identified with him? &gt;&gt; Oh, so and so leave me. So and so leave me. Don't let don't let that's fear. But you got to keep your eyes. Remember friends, it keep your eyes on Jesus Christ. It means more than anything else to be identified with him. And you get to that place that I want to be identified with him and standing in a public testimony that Christ himself is the one who places his life inside of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Because remember Christianity the prophet said it has to show wherever it goes. &gt;&gt; It shows in public life. It shows at the office. Shows on the street when trouble's around. Anything. He said in church, everywhere else. The blood is a token. It shows &gt;&gt; and the church said &gt;&gt; amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So we find that we want to be we want to be identified with him. So in this redeeming and and the reality of redemption the prophet goes on in the kinsman redeemer and this is where I drawn from here. He says, "Now they gotten married and and through that Boaz and Ruth through this great thing, then Ruth was rewarded by getting Boaz for her husband." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That That's how we're rewarded. &gt;&gt; I I don't want just an anointing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't want a feeling. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? And we we want to be united with Christ himself to where our lives are anointed with the word. And what comes out of our lives is an amen to the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Notice the church is rewarded when the coming of the Lord shall come on that bright and cloudless morning. We're resting, waiting now. It shall come. It it's redeemed. And he goes on and in this in this statement, brother Ram goes into and he says he he makes a pause and he deals with the Armenian brother. Now those of you as message believers know that brother Brandon when he preaches that of the Hebrew series, he preaches in the adoption series. I mean, even when he gets into the Holy Ghost series, you'll hardly find too many times that he don't come in and deal with the Armenian doctrine that would be around because there the the Armenian, remember, Calvin goes clear out one way and Armenian goes clear out another way. But there is a truth in the middle of the road and and that takes Christ to bring that back in. We know that it's not works that saves us. And neither is it clear out here. Well, you know, it just, you know, one just just eternal security. There's a truth to eternal security and we're going to deal with that here this morning. There's a real reality of that within of redemption to where a person can come to a place in God, he can never ever be lost again. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There is a place. It's like you know you uh uh you know when they come on on a plane and and uh brother uh T Osbborne referred to that when he was uh standing there and the Godhead explained he said to think of it he said here we've had these times where you can go across the ocean and finally the pilot will come across on that plane and say now we have reached the point of no return. And that that whole statement means we're closer to our destination &gt;&gt; than where we started. &gt;&gt; And that's how it is when the Holy Spirit has come into that life and baptizing with the Holy Ghost, the seal of the living God. It's a point &gt;&gt; of no return. &gt;&gt; Did you know why you have no desire to return? &gt;&gt; You have no desire to to live and and to be in that of the world. you've reached a point of no return. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, this brother Ran would pick this up and he's referring to the word redemption. And he's going into this this in the scripture here of how of what the reward redemption. He says when you look it up and I I've studied this before and I've got the three words that are here before me, but when we look at this with redemption because with redemption it is there's three words. The first word in referring to redemption is where a slave or one is the purchase is made in the market in a public place. So the purchase is made publicly. The second part within that of redemption is to buy it out of the market. So not only is the purchase made, but when it is bought out of the market a deeper meaning and redemption, it means that what has been bought out of the market can never be sold again. &gt;&gt; And the third part to that is to loose or to set free through the paying of that price. So redemption is by sacrifice and power. And Christ paid the price and the Holy Spirit makes deliverance an actual experience. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Romans 8. Now notice, brother Ram picks this up and he says, now he says, "And that slave," he said, I I want you to catch this. He said, "And that slave once he's been redeemed can never be sold in the market again." Can never be sold again. He's marked. So he can never come back into what he was in slavery to. He He can never be sold into that again because he's been bought out of it and he's marked. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; My my my. And if he was thought of enough one time to be redeemed, no one can never sell him again for a slave. &gt;&gt; So his life is unsellable. It's the the the transaction has been made. He was once a slave. He was sold into slavery. You and I were sold into sin by the first parents. &gt;&gt; Come on now. We were sold into sin. But there came one just as one represented us. The Bible tells us in Romans unto disobedience and that fell upon man. But there was one who represented us in obedience. One who became our propituation, our kinsman, redeemer. And he paid the price that you and I can go free. And the Holy Spirit makes it real to you that the marketplace, what was purchased, he did it for you. And when the Holy Spirit brings that message in a personal way to your heart and seals you, you can never never be put back on the market again. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Boo devil. &gt;&gt; Oh, thanks be to God. When a man has come to Christ and been redeemed by the precious blood, the devil can never make you a slave again. &gt;&gt; You're secure in the blood of Jesus Christ until the day of your redemption. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. Oh, thanks be to the Lord. We've been redeemed. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a reality of redemption &gt;&gt; that strikes into our heart. You know what it does? It takes you from looking over your shoulder. You see, it's not about our works. It's not about how much I can maintain. When Christ has come into your life and changed your nature and your desire, you are God's free man. &gt;&gt; You're no longer in slavery. It isn't you laying things down. They quit you. &gt;&gt; I never quit smoking. It quit me. I never quit drinking. It quit me. That's right. &gt;&gt; All these other things. It wasn't what I quit. It quit me. When Christ came in to our lives. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh friends, redemption is not just coming to church. Redemption is about getting underneath the blood &gt;&gt; where there's security where Satan can no longer touch you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Samuel, he can touch my flesh only if he gets permission. All right. &gt;&gt; Only Well, he can touch my spirit only if he gets permission. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You know why? We've been taken out of his grip. &gt;&gt; Take your hands off of God's property. &gt;&gt; We were always God's property. &gt;&gt; And that's why the Holy Spirit has come to enforce the claim. &gt;&gt; Give it back. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. So it's a perfect loosening through the perfect blood. This is why that when we read in Revelations 1 uh verse 1 through verse 6 and the revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave unto him to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass. He sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John. Jesus Christ revealed himself personally to John. And John is a type of the believer. &gt;&gt; Right? Remember John was the one that was spoke of what is it to thee if he tried till I come &gt;&gt; and there went out of sight. &gt;&gt; This man's not going to die until he returned. Misunderstanding. &gt;&gt; They did not understand. But what what Jesus was speaking of is the is the testimony of the coming of the Lord, the Holy Spirit in in after Calvary and coming to bring to himself all of his redeemed subject or those that he has already paid the price for. And he would show them that. And listen, that's the same thing the revelation of Jesus Christ is to you and I. It's the coming of the Lord in our life. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's a ceasing of us. &gt;&gt; And that's that's the that this is now a new beginning. This is now where that life begins to live. That was there the whole time. And with that coming into our life makes us and places us into the coming of the Lord that we are looking and living for the coming of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Oh, so it's a perfect loosening through the perfect blood. It it had to be that of of his own blood. This is why when the scripture said in verse 5 of Revelations 1, "And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood." Oh my glory. I love how the prophet said, "Did you catch that?" He said it was in his own blood. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, God is a spirit, right? &gt;&gt; But God created a blood cell because he could not take you could take the most righteous man that was here. He was still not worthy or able to redeem you and I. God had it placed in such a way that there was no one could come down and redeem us but God himself. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But a spirit can't die. But God created a body, a tabernacle, a tent. Paul said that he pinched that he might come down and dwell with us and redeem you and I through him by the shedding of his blood. Pay the price in the market. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The Holy Spirit bring that loosening into our life and we can never ever be slaves again. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What a reality friends. &gt;&gt; But God becoming one of us. God created his own blood. &gt;&gt; We call it the blood of Christ in one place, the blood of the Lord in another. It's all one God. &gt;&gt; I It's not three persons. &gt;&gt; Satan has told that lie. &gt;&gt; That's a doctrine of devils. &gt;&gt; It because the whole purpose is God coming down to become one of us that he might impart his life into you and I. He did not look when when the fall took place in Eden. He didn't send somebody else. He came himself. &gt;&gt; When news came to glory, the fall took place. He didn't go send somebody. There was nobody else to send. He came himself. &gt;&gt; God was showing that he was the one. As a matter of fact, the prophet said he did not trust this plan of salvation into no one else's hands. &gt;&gt; Oh my. To think of the blood. Oh my. Brother Ram says, "Consider this. Since it is the blood of God, it is perfect blood. If the perfect blood is loosing us from the power and bondage and defilement of sin, then the loosening is perfect and complete. There is now therefore no condemnation. And I love how he picks this scripture up. Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? Right. &gt;&gt; That's a bold statement. &gt;&gt; Who can lay anything to the charge of God's elect? You know what Paul, what what is Paul looking at? Paul has that revelation of the righteousness of God, of the perfection of the blood of Jesus Christ, that through that blood. Let me tell you, if the Red Sea was a type, which it was, it there was not an Egyptian that could make it through that Red Sea and that was only a type. Let me tell you, when sin has been confessed, it cannot make it through the bleach. It can't make it through the blood. The blood takes care of sin and dismantles it and puts it back on the accuser, the one who is really guilty in the first place. &gt;&gt; Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifith declares us righteous. Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died. There it is. His death gave us the blood. The blood has loosed us. There is no condemnation. How can there be? There is nothing to be condemned for because the blood has loosed us from sin. We are free guiltless. Listen now. Don't listen to man. Listen to the word. You are loosed by the blood. &gt;&gt; Amen. I didn't glad this last part in, but it goes right at right after this. The prophet said, "Don't get tied down again by traditions and creeds and organizations. Don't be led astray by listening to those that deny the power of the word and deny that Jesus saves, heals, fills with the Holy Ghost and power. You are God's free men, loosed by his own blood. If you still hold to your faith to creeds and denominations, it's certain by the evidence that you've lost your faith in the word of God. So don't don't lay the word down for anything. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When a priest when they would when when the sacrifice would be made even in that time of the atonement and then that of the jubilee coming on, remember the priest itself, there were those that was in the fields. They weren't down there to see the blood being shed. They weren't down there when when everything was being offered up. They were not down there. But when that came of the Jubilee, the priests would ride throughout the land and sound a trumpet. And the trumpet was to announce that the Jubilee is on. &gt;&gt; You you you don't have to even go hang up that that that hole. You don't even go have to go hang up that shovel. You don't have to go hang it up. Drop it. &gt;&gt; You're free. &gt;&gt; You understand, friends? You know, it's not about what, oh, I'm going to I'm going to get good enough or I'm going to get. It's lay it down. Let faith say, "Oh, God, let let faith rise within our hearts this morning to recognize that it is already conquered. Every sin, every sickness, every situation has already been defeated. He don't have to come back and make another public testimony. It's already been done. &gt;&gt; But you've got to be willing to lay it down. Amen. &gt;&gt; Is it that simple? It's that simple. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You say, "How do I get the authority to lay it down?" By believing what he said. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you've got to let that bypass your mind as far as your reasoning channels. You've got to accept it and agree with that word above your own thoughts. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That man, when he threw that down, he didn't have to do nothing. It was an act of God that he was restored back by. &gt;&gt; This is why the scripture could say in the book of Romans of how beautiful are the feet of them that that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, it wouldn't be money. It wouldn't be peace and good things if it's just coming to tell me that well, you know, you just try harder. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Be a do better, a try harder. That ain't what the gospel says. The gospel is a jubilee trumpet. The gospel is a sound of certainty. The gospel is to let you know your rights and don't live beneath your rights as a son and daughter of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, this has been through my family for so long. But what family are we going to talk about? Are we going to talk about your natural family or are we talking about the family of God? &gt;&gt; Come on, friends. Here we are living in this body right here. But when the Holy Spirit begins to sound in our heart, there is a greater identification. There is a greater power and authority to come into our life that lifts us above the holds of the strains from our natural family tree. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; My goodness. My goodness. &gt;&gt; No wonder Isaiah could say how beautiful. Same scripture. Upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good things, that publisheth peace, that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation, that saith unto Zion, "Thy God reignth." &gt;&gt; You see, it's like like brother Bram likens it to taking an old sheet or a sheet that's dirty. And every one of us know, you know, you get you get stuff on your clothes and whether brother Bam used example of a sheet here and you know you got you know you got something in there that needs to be taken out. It's it's it's a spot. Maybe you got up this morning here you put your your t your shirt on or ah you went to breakfast you got egg all over your shirt or or something and you know you're oh man I got coffee on this and and and and you realize that that you've got to get that treated. you know that there's a stain that's on that and you're not going to wear that stain. I don't think anybody that would probably be at home still would say, "I'll just go ahead and wear it, man. I'll just, you know, I'll just cover up the stain." I mean, I guess depends on where it's at. But at somewhere, at some point in time, you're going to have to deal with that stain. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You see, God doesn't want us hiding. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But he wants to hide us. &gt;&gt; But he's not trying to hide our sin. He wants to deal with it. &gt;&gt; You see what he's doing? The enemy wants to put shame and condemnation and drive people back. That's why Adam was hiding in the beginning. But the Holy Spirit is here to call us out to expose the enemy. &gt;&gt; Let's let's let's expose him. Let let's lay it out there so that God can deal with it. That way we don't have to walk around with shame and and and you know and and and and under condemnation. God has come to deal with the issue. &gt;&gt; Right? I hope you're with me now. &gt;&gt; I'm You say, "What kind of issue?" I'm talking about more than stacking good days together. I'm talking about more than stacking good months together or good weeks or good years. I'm talking about something that deals with more than all of the good days, weeks, months, years that we can have. I'm talking about where you can walk with a freedom and a liberty that you know that my sins are gone, that my desire has been changed, my life is no longer the same. And there is no fear for the enemy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Samuel, that's a bold statement. Either the blood works or it doesn't. &gt;&gt; Either it's the perfect blood or it's not. &gt;&gt; You see, if it's any other gospel, it doesn't bring the certainty to a to a son and daughter of God that they can stand like a son and daughter of God. I'm not talking about arrogancy. I'm talking about knowing what your God-given rights. I'm talking about knowing what belongs to you and not taking no slack from the devil. &gt;&gt; That's why when we look at this old sheet, you know, there's nothing the prophet said can take it away. But he said, you put it in a in a can full of Clorox and bring it back out, it's just as wide as it can be. That's what the blood of Jesus Christ does to the believer that confesses &gt;&gt; his sin. &gt;&gt; That's right. When God shakes that sheet, sees that it's dried out by the winds of the Holy Ghost, oh, he says he takes the Holy Spirit and seals it until the day of redemption. &gt;&gt; Satan can look at that seal. He can tease at it, buzz at it, fuss at it, get at it. He can't get at it, though, because there's a seal of God that forbids him. He forbids him to touch it. That's God's private property. That's what makes man walk boldly. They're not scared of backsliding. They're not scared of what the devil says. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; See, it's Satan's objective is to try to hinder that reality of redemption &gt;&gt; and try to try to try to uh cloud over on on lives and hearts and and where that you know lives when we say, "Well, I I don't know exactly where I'm standing." Listen, the there's one thing that will let you know where you're standing and can interpret what he has done in your life, and that's the word himself. &gt;&gt; Nothing else but the word himself. &gt;&gt; Is that right? When brother Brandham sat down with that that interview with Sister Bruce, what was it that interpreted her life? It wasn't, Brother Brand, it wasn't it wasn't that of a prophet looking into her life. &gt;&gt; Are y'all with me? &gt;&gt; If that would have been that way, you and I would be asking for that. &gt;&gt; That's right. True. &gt;&gt; But that didn't happen in that interview. &gt;&gt; And as I've told you other times before, Sister Bruce didn't request that interview. Brother Brandham did. &gt;&gt; Cuz he heard Sister Bruce going around saying, "I wish I had what you had. I wish I had what you had. I wish I had." And God was working with her in a wonderful way. Same thing for the man who came to his house and he had went here and you know, they told me if I shouted or they told me if I spoke in tongues and he said, "I've done all of that, brother Brown." But you see, even though he already had it, it took the word &gt;&gt; to place him &gt;&gt; and it gave him rest. Right? That man jumped off the front of the porch and said to think, "I've been a Christian this whole time." &gt;&gt; Don't you see what the prophet was saying there? Don't get tied down again by the tradition of man. &gt;&gt; God has sent a pure word in this hour. &gt;&gt; A pure language. What language? The Holy Ghost divine revelation is the pure language. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's the language that God has restored to the church of the living God where the spirit of God, the quickener of the word is here to make that word alive and interpret it and bring an understanding to our hearts. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, it's the seal. Let's look at this here on the seal of the Holy Ghost because let me just let me just deal with this here just a moment. If you look here with turn with me in your Bibles to Ephesians chapter 1. I want to just I want to just read just a couple verses of scripture here and then where am I referencing here in Ephesians chapter 1 and let me just read down through uh verse six. I we could read it all but I I we we I don't have time to read it all here. But in verse three of Ephesians 1, blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ. I I don't have it on the screen, but who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ? According as he hath chosen us in him when before the foundation of the world &gt;&gt; that we should be what? &gt;&gt; Holy and without blame before him in love. Amen. &gt;&gt; Having predestinated us unto the &gt;&gt; adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted &gt;&gt; in the beloved. &gt;&gt; Not you made yourself acceptable. &gt;&gt; He made us acceptable. It was him that began to deal with our lives that would draw upon our hearts and this this is being laid aside and this is being laid all of those things and and desires changing in our life. It's it's his working in our life. You say, "Well, brother Samuel, what is that?" That's called the grace of God. And when the grace of God goes to work, works follow the grace of God. But they're not works that's out of a slavish mentality. But they are works from the appreciation in our heart for what God's grace has done for us. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? So it's not works for me to obtain a position. &gt;&gt; But when I receive God's grace and you know how you know how you accept God's grace, accept it. &gt;&gt; Accept it. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Now, brother Ramon goes on to this here and I I love this. This is where I I want want to read this to you. You're no doubt familiar with this, but I love how brother Ram will lay this in here, adoption part three. I I I'd like to read the rest of that chapter, but I I just don't have time right now. Brother Ram goes on. He says, "Now this master teacher Paul, the first thing he does is knock out all the idea of falling away. Knock out the idea of ever being a Christian today and tomorrow I'm gone. and the next day God condemned me and the next day I'm back again. Brother Bram says that's nonsense. So the first thing that Paul does under the leading of the spirit of God is knock trying to knock out of the minds of the people that they can be a Christian today and lost tomorrow. &gt;&gt; It was brother Sam. Where is he looking at? He's looking not only at the strength of the blood, but where the blood traces clear back to what God already before the foundation of the world. We were chosen in him. Listen, &gt;&gt; before the tribes ever received their position in the land under Joshua, Reuben here, &gt;&gt; Judah here, all of them, remember Joshua was called along with Eleazar to divide the inheritance, right? Because the spirit will always work according to the word, &gt;&gt; right? So before that that that that that they were ever upon the earth, the birth mothers of those original patriarchs were moved upon by the spirit of God to utter that name. And that name actually represented a place within that land. And then when Joshua comes on the scene, Joshua doesn't get new inspiration. He enters in under the original inspiration and places them exactly where they belong. And that's exactly what the spirit of God does in this hour. The inspiration as the Holy Spirit is poured out upon the church of the living God in this hour. It does not position you as a Methodist or position you as a Pentecostal. It positions you as a son and daughter of God in Jesus Christ, your rightful inheritance. &gt;&gt; Remember, Jesus never gave you an inheritance. He only made a way to bring you to your inheritance. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; So coming into that land. Oh my. Now we know that Israel that was only that was a type. But God would bring us into a place because remember God even spoke concerning Israel. He speaks of it in Exodus 14 through the song of Moses speaks of it all the way through that God's going to bring Israel to a place that they will not be able to fall away from. &gt;&gt; And you know what? That's when he, the righteousness of God, &gt;&gt; will step forward for Israel. &gt;&gt; Now remember, he he already he revealed himself before, but they wouldn't submit to his righteousness. They just wanted their own. &gt;&gt; What they could do. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; I want to remind you, our righteousness, yours, mine is filthy rags in God's sight. &gt;&gt; It's got to be It's got to be his righteousness. his life inside of me, his life inside of you. And that's what's speaking out. Oh my. But man tells, he said, "Now this book is addressed to saints that's called, preserved, filled, or set aside and are in the Holy Spirit already in Canaan's land." Now watch, he's trying to tell them the first thing. Get it out of your mind &gt;&gt; that you're going to get lost and you're going to do this and you're scared of this. Don't be scared of nothing. &gt;&gt; For he's trying to tell you where you're at, when you are, how you're standing. &gt;&gt; You ready for the rest of this &gt;&gt; now? You might do things wrong &gt;&gt; and every time you do anything wrong, you're going to get paid for it. &gt;&gt; You'll reap what you sow, but that has not one thing to do with your salvation. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Samuel, my head's spinning. Nope. I'm not interested in your head spinning. I want this to get to your heart. &gt;&gt; Because when the desire on the inside has changed, you say, "How do I know it's been changed? Look at what you were. Look at what you are. And look when anything comes your way." If there's a failure or anything, right there, your desire is to do only those things that please him. It's that desire that pulsates out in your life. Lord, forgive me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's impossible. &gt;&gt; Impossible to be lost. Impossible. When God has sealed a man like that. &gt;&gt; Let me read that one again. &gt;&gt; Now, you might do things wrong and every time you do anything wrong, you're going to get paid for it. You'll reap what you sow. &gt;&gt; But that has not one thing to do with your salvation. When you're born of the spirit of God, you've got eternal life. And you can no more die than God can die. You're a part of God and you're a son of God. &gt;&gt; You might look at that and say, "Man, that means I can do whatever." You need to hit the altar right now. &gt;&gt; Because if you still desire sin, &gt;&gt; you need the blood to come upon your life. &gt;&gt; You need the Holy Spirit that that come down into the innermost part of your life and change your nature, your desire. You know what that does when we read things like this? It makes us thankful for God's grace. &gt;&gt; Because if there's anything, and you know how this is, if there's anything at all that is taken wrong in your life, quickly, quickly, there's something that raises up. And like the prophet said in the adoption series, he said, "It wouldn't matter to you. You got to stand in front of the president and say, "I was wrong." &gt;&gt; He said, "You'll do it." Why? Because you want to be right with God more than anything else. You know, brother Brandham goes on very simple. He said, "I was born a Brandham." &gt;&gt; Born to Brandon. He said, "You might." He said, "You you can you can do you can change my name. I'm still a Brandon. No matter how much you change my name," he said, "I'm still a brand because I got Brandom DNA. I got Brandom blood." &gt;&gt; Are you with me? He said, "I might be disfigured someday, drawn up with arthritis, have a wreck, tore up like an animal, but I'll still be a Branom." Why? Brandom blood is inside me. Right? &gt;&gt; You see, it don't matter what happens even outside of here. It doesn't matter even how the enemy can attack the mind. Like I I refer to that quote here that the prophet speaks. I believe in the message testimony. He says there can be a fever that can strike your mind and fry your brain. But if you've already made that decision and Christ has come into that innermost part, that man might lose his mind, but his soul has already been sealed. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. That's the power of redemption. &gt;&gt; That's why brother Ram says in the demonology series, he said when a man has been sealed with the spirit of God, he said that man might go completely insane, but his soul &gt;&gt; has already been sealed. And that has nothing to do with his soul. &gt;&gt; I don't know about you, but I don't plan on going insane. I don't plan on my fever on on a fever frying my brain. But one thing for sure, I don't know. You don't know. We don't have the choice of how we'll leave. You say, "I believe I'll go in rapture." I do, too. But we none of us have the promise of tomorrow. But no matter what comes, what's most important is is that you can say, "I know in whom I have believed, and I am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day." There is a rest. &gt;&gt; I know where I'm going. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Everybody all right? &gt;&gt; So the seal of the Holy Ghost. Now notice this right here. The Bible says in Ephesians 1, in whom ye also trusted after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation. So that liberty ringing out. In whom also after that you believed, you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. So believing is not the seal, but we must hear the truth. And in hearing the truth, it rises to an absolute to say that's the truth. &gt;&gt; And and it causes you to let go, sell all other things to obtain that pearl of great price. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Is that right? It's how the prophet taught it there for us. So So it's a certainty. It's a sound because you're not approached the Holy Spirit or approach the gospel with a well, I don't know. I you know, I just don't know that. That's not certainty. God wants us coming with certainty. Can you imagine a Can you imagine somebody walking up the aisle? And I know this probably has happened in the natural where maybe there's somebody walking up the aisle and here there sure here stands the groom and they're like am I doing this? Am I doing the right thing? Should I not? I mean there no doubt that's probably happened in the natural. But you see the holy remember God himself he's different than that groom that stands up here in the natural. He's looking down into our heart &gt;&gt; and he's not going to take advantage of us. He's not going to force himself on us. &gt;&gt; He's a gentleman. &gt;&gt; Is that right? He wants to woo our heart to where it's in submission to his will. &gt;&gt; I know sometimes that wooing it might take I mean for for maybe for some hearts and lives God works on us. Look sometimes friends before you ever see somebody come in repentance God's already been dealing with their life for sometimes it's hard to tell how long &gt;&gt; it might have been days might have been weeks might have been months might have been even over a course of years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Right. I know even of some s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set sitting s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set s set sitting right here of how God has done that over a course of time but yet nonetheless God was working on their life. Notice verse 14 which is this Holy Spirit is the earnest of our inheritance unto the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. Now let me just deal with this this seal just just three three points here on this. It's a finished work. &gt;&gt; It it is finished. There has there has come an inspection. It is finished. It's it's a work that nothing can be added to it or nothing taken away. When the Holy Spirit is come upon our life, when he has come to seal us, that seal says it is finished. In other words, that of that redemption of our soul which will tie us into the redemption of our body, that's already it's a finished work. It's just like when you have your token like when we were going to Amarillo when I fly I fly on Delta. So it's always interchanging through Detroit and Atlanta or Minneapolis if I'm going to Canada. So I always there's different interchanges and things you fly to. And so when I have that the ticket itself that I have whether it's on your phone or you have it here that's your token &gt;&gt; now. You know you're not getting into the airport and getting to even through security with just money in your hand. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Right. Right? &gt;&gt; You you have to you have to make the purchase, &gt;&gt; right? And the purchase has to be made in order for that token. And you say, "Well, how could I purchase the token?" Well, it's already been made available to you. God wants to give you the Holy Ghost more than you want to receive it. &gt;&gt; Right? You say, "Well, what's the purpose?" What we read in the beginning is choosing to be identified with him of laying down on our life. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want I I I want to be identified with you. But then when you go into that, just like when we we took that and we we flew from here uh in in into Atlanta, you know, all the way. I was not worried about, oh, I'm going to get stopped in Atlanta. That might be fretful, but no, I wasn't going to get stopped in Atlanta. I knew that was only a a temporary place for me. The next stop was going to be not Amarillo, but actually Oklahoma City. I knew that was going to be the next thing. You know why? Cuz the fair had already been paid for the full flight. And that's how it is in our life when it speaks of a finished work. When God finishes that work in your life as far as that of the new birth and the seal of the living God, then it's with you. He's taking you to your full destination &gt;&gt; of what he has ordained what you are to be. &gt;&gt; You're a son and daughter of God right now. So that means every every stop, you know, sometimes you you don't know you you can get into a a place like, you know, here we were coming back, man. Got delayed out there Oklahoma City, praying I was going to get delayed in Atlanta. We did. Got back, you know, maybe about 1:00 in the morning. So, you know, all those things work out. So, you I didn't even know those delays were going to come. But one thing I did know is I know I'm coming back home. &gt;&gt; All right. I don't know how many delays are going to go on. I don't even know. I mean, I it may look like I'm going back to Atlanta from Oklahoma City, but they might have diverted and said, "We're going to take you to Detroit." It doesn't matter because I'm going to go home. You and I don't know what we're going to have to go through. We don't know what tomorrow holds, but what's important is a finished work of the seal of the living God to know I know where my final destination is. I've come from God and I'm going back to God. I don't know all of these other points, but I got the token that says &gt;&gt; I'm ready to go. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? &gt;&gt; That's why Jesus said, "He that heareth my word, believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." Right. &gt;&gt; When something has been finished, that means you can't add nothing to it or take nothing away. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And that's the way it is when the Holy Spirit has come in your life. There is nothing that needs to be added. No ism of man. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Nothing to be taken away. Well, you know, that's just the word. The word is the living word of God, the Holy Spirit. Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on, friends. It's receiving the word of Almighty God. &gt;&gt; Amen. We don't we don't want the traditions and and isms of man to where it's got to be something we need to replicate this in order to show proof. There's no greater proof than the fruit of the Holy Spirit lived out and manifested through a life in a daily basis. &gt;&gt; Come on. A person can have all kinds of demonstrations and fruits. We're now I'm not against demonstrations, but I'm listen I I am I am given by God to call our attention that demonstrations is not what we rest on. &gt;&gt; It's not what we rest on. That's not the evidence of the Holy Ghost. The evidence is your desire has been changed. Your nature has been changed. A man could be a very gifted man or a woman be very gifted and my they might be you know just so gifted but then when it all comes down to it all beneath that gift and sometimes that gift can actually become what dams them &gt;&gt; because they rely on a gift &gt;&gt; instead of an evidence that God gave according to his word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Sammy, you just pulling that out. No, you read the message. the harvest time. The prophet said Satan can hand out gifts, supernatural gifts by the handfuls. &gt;&gt; So, we understand this and we we're not want to rest on that. When it comes to the end of the day, we're resting on the word of God. &gt;&gt; This is why the scripture when it tells us, let me let me let me get here into this place. Sorry. I love this scripture here out of 2 Thessalonians chapter 2. We are bound to give thanks always to God. For you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth, where unto, I love this, he, not me, he called you by our gospel. &gt;&gt; So, who was it through the message that Paul had? Who was it? Well, who gave Paul that message? God did. &gt;&gt; And so through that message, God called to his children. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I love this last part. To what? To the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Next one. Ownership. A seal means we've been bought. &gt;&gt; We're under new ownership. No wonder Paul would write to us. Sometimes these are things that I think we we probably we we forget too many times as Paul would say, "Remember, you're bought with a price." What does that mean? That means it's it's not not my not my own to live. Like, well, if I choose to do this or I choose to do this, we're forgetting. We're bought with a price. &gt;&gt; And with that, notice the spirit and the body. He says, "Because of this realization, glorify. Let God be shown." Don't let your spirit become all clogged up with offenses and clogged up with bitterness and clogged up with the things of life. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We're bought with a price. &gt;&gt; You're not your own. &gt;&gt; I don't know about you, but I I remember, you know, the 19 years that I lived when it was all on me. Even though God was watching over my life, but boy, what a mess. what scars. And I also know right now as well too that anytime that I have in some way taken something where it's in my spirit or my flesh, what a mess it is. &gt;&gt; Hello. What a mess it is. But to remember, we're bought with a price. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; My life is not my own. It ain't about you. It's surrendering to him. &gt;&gt; We're not our own. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. There's a security to think about this here. that that security that would come our way. This is what the seal itself is a security. Let me let me let me just read this to you to where on this security when they secure even this this train car or a seal is placed on something that seal cannot be broken. It cannot be tampered with. Do you realize Satan can buzz around on your flesh? He can buzz around through your mind. Do you know? Let me just tell you this. Do you realize he has to even get permission? &gt;&gt; Yes. to touch those other two realms. &gt;&gt; Job chapter one, he had to get permission. And you know, when God allows permission, it shows that God has got confidence in the fellowship that he's had with you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Glory be to God. It's a security that that seal can't be broken on that soul. Oh my. You know, sometimes, listen, friends, sometimes our minds can go this way. Sometimes we've we've felt things wrong. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, sometimes we've got the wrong conclusions. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; And you ask, "Hey, did you go and talk to that person?" Well, no, but I just believe. No. No. Did you go talk to him? No. No. I just believe. No. Sometimes we've drawn the wrong conclusions, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You know, those things always show out in the wrong conclusions because the feelings are never right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Things start acting funny and different and everything else. But listen, this is why this is why the seal of the living God is so important in that reality of redemption. Because with that right there, Satan can't get to that. And God's got contact with that inner man. And that inner man is a son of God. Once once he can recognize the enemy at his tricks and resist him and recognize that God in him is greater, he's already overcome. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. That seal, the Bible says at the end of Esther, when that seal was put upon the writing, notice that last little part, the writing which is written in the king's name and sealed with the king's ring, may no man reverse it. What God has spoken about your life, he's not having a new thought. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. When the seal was placed upon that stone that sealed Daniel in the lion's den, it was the king's seal that was placed on it that no man that it might not be changed the purpose concerning Daniel. Now, let me bring this down here on this. Insults are terrible. You've been insulted. I've been insulted. Maybe we should all just join hands and sing kumbaya [Laughter] or joining joining an insulting group. Not a consulting and insulting. But I want you to think of this an insult to Jehovah. An insult. Now remember down in Egypt in Exodus 12 when they were to take the blood, they had to take that lamb and slay it. And they were choosing to identify themselves with the lamb. &gt;&gt; Right &gt;&gt; now they they they they couldn't take the blood and just say, "Well, I'm going I'm going to put it on the bedroom door in here." No, it had to be on the whole house. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. So for the house, it had to be at the entry point and that was on public display. And matter of fact, that being on public display, they wanted everybody to see it. &gt;&gt; They wanted everybody to know, I'm identified with this message. &gt;&gt; I'm identified with this blood. I'm identified with this. &gt;&gt; That that was it was an identification that something has already died in mystead. &gt;&gt; Right? And then you remember remember how the prophet talks about the death angel itself could be moving by and how that maybe you know a little boy who was the firstborn. I mean he could look at his dad and say hey are are are you sure is everything going to be all right? But his father, you know how brother Ram would dramatize that. His father was there to assure him. And you know how he assured him? He pointed him to the word that God gave through his prophet and we have done what God has told us to do. &gt;&gt; You understand friends? There's no greater place sometime. This is why getting away from traditions and isms of man, stay with the word. &gt;&gt; It's it's taking the word and doing what the word says do in faith. And you know what they had to have? Not super duper faith, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Hup. Hup was common faith. It's simple faith and to apply the blood. &gt;&gt; But listen how brother Ram says this. I love this quote. He says, "The Israelites once settled there. What if they would get to studying? Well, I'm not worthy. &gt;&gt; What else do I have to do?" You don't have to do nothing. The only thing is to come under the shed blood that settles it. Once under the blood, you're safe. What if the death angel with his sword in his hand sweeping the land? You didn't have to wonder. And to be scared was an insult to Jehovah. If a man once under the blood feels afraid that God won't keep his word, it's an insult to him. Say, Jehovah, perhaps this is your word, but I don't know whether it's right or not. Oh, shame on you. Once under the blood, he said, "I'm the Lord that health thee, I believe it. That's all." Don't insult him. He that cometh unto me, I will in no wise cast out. I believe it. Once coming under the blood, take his word for anything that he says. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Samuel, the devil telling me, you know what? You give that liar and he that's all he's known as is a liar. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And listen, you know, the only reason that you listen to him or I would listen to him for any give him any little space of time because it seems like he has validity in what he's saying &gt;&gt; because what he begins to point out is all of your mistakes and all of your faults. But remember, he cannot know your heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; But you know your heart. &gt;&gt; You know the desire in your life. &gt;&gt; You know where you're standing with God. That's why you'll never fe defeat the enemy or drive him back by going out and trying to reason with him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You'll be defeated. Go out there in your spirit realm. He'll defeat you every time in that spirit realm. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, go out under the in the flesh and the feeling. He'll defeat you every time. But when you bring him back to the sacred sands of God's grace, where there's a finished work, &gt;&gt; where there's ownership, &gt;&gt; where there's security, &gt;&gt; the devil can't put his dirty footprints there. He's not welcome there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's a place where you're able to stand and the devil can't get there. As a matter of fact, the prophet says when you say, "Oh, the devil made me do it." He said, "No." He said, "You just wasn't sealed in." He said, "But if you're sealed in, the devil is sealed out." &gt;&gt; Oh. He said, "Because if it's a devil that would come in and lead us out and lead us here," he said, he would, in order for him to do that, he'd have to come through the same process you came through. &gt;&gt; And then he'd be your brother. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Every believer, here it is. She says, "Every man or woman that has been brought under the blood of Christ, all fear and condemnation is gone out." &gt;&gt; Then watch this. Then he will believe every word that God writes in the Bible &gt;&gt; to be the truth. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about an evidence. Now &gt;&gt; he will not say this is not inspired and that's not inspired. Now there might be things he'll believe every word. Amen. There are going to be things and because when we come to the house of God, guess what takes place at the house of God, our shortcomings are made known. &gt;&gt; Oh my, brother Samuel. I mean, I you know, I I feel so I feel like I need to to press on here and I need more patience and I need more of that. That's the presence of God showing over our lives what we need to grow up into. &gt;&gt; There is a growth that's going on our lives. It's not God showing you and I that there hadn't been nothing done in our life. &gt;&gt; See, God's not interested in upsetting our faith. He wants us to be stable. &gt;&gt; He wants us to be settled. Remember, when you've been bought out of that market, loosened, you can never be sold as a slave again. And there might be things that you'll go through in your life, but the Bram covers it. I don't have time in the Hebrew series. There might be things that you can you you'll go through in your life, things that in your own character because remember when you re when the Holy Spirit has come into your life, that changes your desire. And what is your desire? Your desire is for him. &gt;&gt; Your desire is for the word and that alone. And that's why when the spirit of truth has come, he'll lead and guide you into all truth. This is why that even when there's things that showed up in your life or my life, the spirit of truth is guiding us into that place that he might have a greater and more preeminence in our lives and it's leading us to surrender. We see our shortcomings. The Holy Spirit will reveal things right here in our lives because remember remember when the new birth has come, you're not a fully matured son and daughter of God. &gt;&gt; You begin as a baby &gt;&gt; and you grow. &gt;&gt; We're growing. But we've received the earnest of his spirit. We've received the spirit of adoption. We've received that teacher on the inside, that fire that's able to cook the word as the word is coming in. It's able to direct the word where it needs to go. Are you hearing me this morning? It's based on the desire. He changes your desires &gt;&gt; and your desire is him alone and he is the word. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; That's when the Holy Ghost has come. &gt;&gt; You might not have any other this sign or that's it ain't about that. The signs that follow a seal shows coming and going. Right. &gt;&gt; I'm not interested in walking on water if if that needs to be for somebody or whatever more. I mean, if I know a lot of times there's a lot of things God will do for us, it's just self-edification. I I understand that even like with, you know, when we're off, you know, by ourselves and and we we we get into I understand all that. But realize there's no greater and higher authority than what God has done by the new birth where your desire has been changed. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so when anything, no matter what comes your way, that's what you always bring it right back to. That's the reality of redemption in your life. And you know what? Your life shows it. That's why there's nothing the enemy can try to can try to put things in your mind. He can try to, you know, try to bring things up and you can he can try to present this to you, but you know what? When when that's no longer in here, there's nothing to grab a hold of. &gt;&gt; Your desire is to pre to please him. Now, he'll come in through he'll come on the spirit. remember the spirit and he'll use listen he'll even when he whispers in his thoughts he cloaks it in your voice &gt;&gt; to make you think it's you &gt;&gt; and it's your desire you say how do I know you know whether it's your desire or not &gt;&gt; you know whether it's your desire you know what's on the throne of your heart &gt;&gt; is that all right &gt;&gt; I'm just trying to bring this down tray tables are up everything's been collected But this right here is something you can walk with. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it's got to on a daily basis because from this going forward, even in our lives, God wants to settle us. It's not God trying to make everybody, oh, make everybody have the the new birth. No. If you don't, if you haven't come to that place, it's for you. But if you have, God's laid out the prescription so we can lay we can see everything clearly for what it really is. Let's stand. I love how the prophet says it right here in the message. Does God change his word? This is right after he preaches. It's the rising of the sun. He says, "I wanted to get that message to you." Talk about rising of the sun that you're a part of this resurrection and don't worry about it no more. just rejoice over it. &gt;&gt; There's nothing nowhere can ever separate you from it. Nothing. Eternally secured in the kingdom of God. When God has stamped his seal upon you, you're to the end of your destination. When the government puts a seal upon a package, the railroad puts a seal on a door, that car cannot be tampered with until it reached its destination. When God puts his seal upon a man and that seal is the Holy Spirit, when he seals a man like that, he's gone to his eternal destination. Never no more can he ever go back anymore. He refers Ephesians 4:30, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed for all times. You are sealed forever. You are sealed eternally into the kingdom of God by the Holy Spirit." Now, think of that. Then the devil will punch at you. He'll say everything to you and accuse you and try to make you think that you're not. &gt;&gt; But don't you listen to him. &gt;&gt; You know, now watch, right? Watch how this says. You know you've passed from death unto life. You know the things that you once loved, you don't love no more. You know that you have believed every word of God. &gt;&gt; That's where you stand &gt;&gt; as a son and daughter of God. &gt;&gt; That's the authority that you have within your life. Listen, like brother Ram says, he says that little policeman, he throws his hand up. He said he couldn't even stop a runaway pony. But he's got with that badge and his position, he's got all of city hall behind him. &gt;&gt; So it isn't it isn't you or me or our strength, it's that badge of believer of the seal of the living God. This is why that even when the spirit of God just move moving down in a place and how that we can apply it. You're praying for your children. Maybe maybe there's sickness and uh whatever the need might be or maybe the enemy is trying to afflict you in your mind trying to want to you know to bring you into captivity in your mind get remember what look what he just said here. He'll try to make you think. You know what he wants to do? Get you on a rabbit trail &gt;&gt; and you're searching here. you're you everything you're trying to do is trying to prove who you are. &gt;&gt; You don't have to prove anything. &gt;&gt; God's already proven it. &gt;&gt; I'm not saying that slide it. I'm saying there's one way there's a place that we have to stand and that's on the word of God that you know what God has done for you. Right. &gt;&gt; And I say here this morning, if if that's if you haven't come to that place yet where your very desire has been changed to where it's completely him, what an opportunity, a time to be identified with him. I thank God for this reality of redemption. Don't you &gt;&gt; thank God? There there is a place of security, friends. There is a place where where we where where we're able to reside in Christ and and and the devil cannot touch us. &gt;&gt; The devil cannot touch us. It cannot it cannot be saved one day and lost the next. &gt;&gt; Impossible. &gt;&gt; That's impossible to be that way. &gt;&gt; Well, I was sealed with the Holy Ghost and now I'm unsealed. That's impossible. You're sealed until the day of your redemption. That's right. &gt;&gt; See the certainty of the word of God. Just like when they have all these different other evidences, you know, of like I think of, you know, even family and think, well, I know family, you know, they they were in organizations. Well, I know he spoke in tongues and man, I know he had a real real move of God upon his life and he spoke in tongues. But now here he's out here and he's married to the second woman and going on to this one and this and that. I I can't even figure I guess he just lost it. But yet you you can't say that because if he ever really had a real experience, you can't lose the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen. Right? &gt;&gt; So what did it show? Never was sealed. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Because once it's sealed, it keeps us. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you the power of this keeping the keeping power of this seal. It was there to where when the enemy came against the prophet and when he came up right next to him when he was standing looking at Sharon Rose and the devil came right up, Satan came right up next to him. Now you and I, we've not had Satan come right up next to us. We've had a lot of his imps. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Right. But Satan came right up next to him and said, "Look at you. Look at all you've done. You've you've went and you've labored." And you know, he went on and on and on and on and and look at this. And now he just he just takes your little girl. He just pulls down that black sheet in front of you. Look at that now. And you'll serve a God like this. And the prophet said, "I was about ready to say &gt;&gt; because he already said in reasonings he was right." &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Reasoning &gt;&gt; in his reasoning. But he said, "I was about ready to say if that's how he's going to be." He said, "But oh, that new birth on the inside, &gt;&gt; that tiepost, that seal rose up and said, "Yay, though he slay me, &gt;&gt; I'll serve him." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's the power we're talking about of redemption. The reality that it's not you or I holding on. It's God &gt;&gt; that's got a hold of us. &gt;&gt; Purchased the public testimony right there in the market. The purchase has been made. bought out of the market &gt;&gt; and never able to be sold as a slave again. &gt;&gt; What a song. I'm no longer &gt;&gt; a slave to fear. &gt;&gt; I'm no longer &gt;&gt; cuz God's grace has reached down &gt;&gt; and lifted up our lives. &gt;&gt; Where where has it lifted? It's lifted it back into the place where God intended us to be. &gt;&gt; Oh friends, I I I don't know who wouldn't want that. I really don't I don't know who wouldn't want that. I I don't I don't know how I don't I don't know how anybody would want to settle just for a church life. &gt;&gt; You say, "Why?" Because the only thing I can see is that's a miserable life. &gt;&gt; Because you you you you you come into a place or you come and and and it's no there's no life. It's just it's just something which just going through the motions. &gt;&gt; It's something deeper. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; God's calling for relationship. &gt;&gt; That's what the new birth comes to do. It comes to change. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Our nature to where our lives, it's about Christ. &gt;&gt; It's about him. It's about his word. &gt;&gt; It's about his body. Life of his life, bone of his bone, spirit of his spirit. It's about him. And that reality is I can never be a slave again. Never. Let me just tell you, you might have even had something where you were even confessing something. you were thinking and man it just weighing on your mind and things just so heavy. You might have thought, brother Samuel, I felt like I was in slavery or I fell into this trap or I fell in this I but but you say well how am I not in slavery? Look at where you're standing today. &gt;&gt; You couldn't be kept there. You can never be sold back into slavery again &gt;&gt; because he's already laid claim &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; on your soul. &gt;&gt; Oh, aren't you grateful, &gt;&gt; Lord? I I want you to have every bit of me &gt;&gt; in my soul. I I believe with all my heart he's sealed me. But I want him to have my spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Completely, Lord. If there's things that I've been hoarding up in my spirit, I want them cleaned out. I don't want I don't want anything saved. I don't want I don't want nothing. I don't want nothing but him &gt;&gt; cuz you're ordained and I'm ordained to be a channel &gt;&gt; that that can flow through because just as he's been a redeemer for you, remember the prophet said he uses humanity to redeem humanity. &gt;&gt; God works through our lives. You love him this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, we so thank you for your mercy, thank you for your grace once again, Lord. Father, I pray that Lord, right here this morning, Lord, through Lord, just this little thought, Lord, coming into that place, Lord, of and really just seeing, Lord, that just even more, maybe, Lord, it's just a a word of encouragement, maybe to one person. I believe it's more than just one, Lord. But father to see in our lives never to do away Lord with that fear as Paul would write there in Ephesians 1. Do away with fear of ever be here a Christian today and lost tomorrow to knock that like the prophet says out of our minds. Lord, it isn't to where we become careless, but it's where we rest in what you have done in our lives. Cuz nothing can be added to it. Nothing taken away from it. Lord, even of the times where we have got slothful, it never took away from it. The times, Lord God, where we have lacked in our lives, never took away from it, Lord. As a matter of fact, Lord, of even all of the all the good days in a row didn't add to it. It's a finished work. So, it isn't something that we are that it's that we're adding to or something that can be taken away from. But, Father, with all of our hearts, we want, Lord, our whole being, Lord, all that we are. We're bought with a price, Lord. We want you to just have your way, Lord. Search us, Lord. I pray. Search every life that's here this morning, Lord. Father, don't let don't let one of us, Lord, don't let it escape, Lord. Oh God, I pray if there's one that doesn't know you, Lord, in that way where the very desire of their life, Lord, where it's come down, there's a real sweetness and meekness of the Holy Spirit on the inside, Lord God, where their lives, it's that desire, it's leading them on into the word of God where, Lord, that very nature that desires have been changed. And it's just you, Lord. That's all I want. It's just you, Lord Jesus. Grant it, Lord. Maybe, Lord Jesus, it's something, Lord, that the enemy is wanting to put before some habit or something in their life. God, I pray may they look to you, Lord, right here this morning. God, may their eyes be lifted up to you, Lord. The one, Lord, who made a public testimony with them in mind, Lord. Oh God, where your grace is sufficient, Lord Jesus, as the testimony, Lord God, among us, Lord, it's not things that we had to quit. Cuz if we quit it, it'll come right back. But Lord God, when when you come, Lord, it's not what we quit. It's what, Lord God, that desire flees from our life. Oh granted, Lord Jesus, I pray, Father, may you just come down, Lord, in such a way. Draw and woo, Lord, lives into a place, Lord. I believe God every heart and every life would want to be in that place Lord of a real security Lord. A place Lord where there's a point of no return. A place dear God where there's a a rest and that reality Lord in the heart to know. Oh grant it Lord God. A strength on the inside Lord that gives us grace day by day Lord that Father if our thoughts get a little off there is grace on the inside Lord. There's strength, Lord, on the inside. Oh, for we are the temple of the Holy Ghost. Grant it, Lord, I pray. May you give strength, Lord Jesus, to each and every life, Lord. Oh, God, I pray as believers, Lord, even as we would leave, Lord, this building this morning, may we never, Lord, go out there and try to meet the enemy in the spirit realm, the flesh. that may we Lord God always come back to that reality of the sacred sands of God's grace. Lord Jesus, we know what we were before this token was applied and we know what we are after it's been applied. That's how we know it's been applied, Lord. Oh God, you've changed our lives, Lord. How we thank you, Father. What a reality, Lord God. Oh, we're not a slave. No. Oh God, we might have been slaves to all things of the world and different things, but Lord, we were not meant to be slaves. We were meant to be sons and daughters of God. So I pray God, may your grace even now, may the sanctifying love of Jesus Christ, Lord God, through the washing of water by the word, may it just, Lord, relieve every heart and mind of any slavish mentality, Lord. Oh God, grant it. Lord, we love you because you first loved us. Like your prophet said, Lord, he said, if I don't preach one more sermon, I know that I'm going to heaven. He said, I'm not going to heaven because I preach. I'm going to heaven because I have met God's requirements. But Lord, what an honor it is to be able to do whatever it is that you would have us to do. Help us, Lord, every one of us here, never to underestimate the power of their life preaching sermons by the way that they live. Lord, oh God, you've borrowed lives that the blood, the voice of the blood might speak through. Lord God, they go to different workplaces. We have family members. We have different ones. Lord, oh God, there's suffering humanity all around us, Lord. There's loved ones, Lord God. I pray, oh God, that the voice of that blood, Lord, not it be muffled through our lives, but may every channel be so clear. Lord, it would be such a clarity, Lord, of proclaiming of freedom. Grant it, Lord. I pray. Now, Father, there's needs, Lord, among us. I heard requests, Lord, different ones, Lord, that you know are in need of healing. Lord, Sister Irma, Lord, just in need, Lord, of of deliverance of that infection in her body. Heavenly Father, you see right where she's at right now, Lord, right there in that hospital room, Lord. Dear God, you're the same God who moved down to touch Sister Stephanie right here, Lord. Father, just moments before, Lord, stepping out, Lord, here to minister the word of God. And Father, believers, Lord, we're uniting our faith together right now. Once again, Lord, you said, Father, if we, Lord, agree is touching any one thing, it shall be done. Lord, there's more than two or three believers right here this morning, Lord. And dear God, we're asking, Father, that Lord, just as you've moved down to redeem, Lord, our soul, we see, dear God, that everything is included in the package, Lord God, even for the healing of our bodies. Father, I pray may you move down, Lord, for Sister Irma, Lord. You have brought her, Lord, such a long way, dear God. But, Father, you're faithful for a complete work, Lord. I pray that, Lord, grant it right now, Lord, for every other request, Lord, every need, Lord. Father, behind every hand, Lord, upon every heart, Lord, Father, we lift it, dear God, before the throne of grace this morning, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Grant it, Lord, for these needs. I pray father as your children Lord &gt;&gt; have need of healing need of strength Lord maybe it's relieving Lord of oppression in the mind oh God grant it Lord in the name of Jesus Christ amen and amen &gt;&gt; oh I'm no longer a slave to fear Oh, for I am a child of God, for I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am I am a child of God. Lord, you honor me with a meloy. You surround me with the song. full of deliverance from my enemies till all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] For I am a child of God. And from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Oh love has called my name. I have been born again into your family. Oh, your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] For I am a child of God. I'm no longer Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. &gt;&gt; Oh, I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; You split my sea. Oh, you &gt;&gt; you split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears aren't drowned in your perfect love. &gt;&gt; Yes, you me. So I will stand and sing. Oh, I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; I see. &gt;&gt; Oh, you split my seat so I could walk right through it. Yes, Lord. All my fears are drowned in perfect love. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, you rescued me so I can stand and say that &gt;&gt; I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] For I am a child of God. I'm no longer this no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. For I know that I am a child of God. There is a blood that cost the life that paid my way. death its price. And when it flow down from the cross, my sins were gone. My sins were gone. There is a grave that tried to hide. this precious blood that gave me life. And in three days he breathed again and rose to stand in my defense. So I come to tell you he's alive. Oh to tell you that he dries. Oh every tear that falls. Oh, so I come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood that sites the blind heals all the sick the lonely found. It has the power. Oh, to free the bound as chains they fall upon the ground. So pour it out and cleanse my soul. And let this liquid the great glory flow. Oh, it's because he lives. Oh, to make me whole. Oh, I owe my life. Oh, to him my Oh my, oh, and so I come to tell you he's alive. Oh sh Oh, every tear that falls. And so I've come to tell you that he sord to shout and to proclaim all that for you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. can wash away blood can wash away my nothing nothing &gt;&gt; but the blood absolutely nothing but &gt;&gt; nothing perfect blood can make me &gt;&gt; whole nothing but the No, nothing but the blood. Oh, what can my s Hallelujah? It's nothing but the blood. &gt;&gt; Nothing. &gt;&gt; Nothing but the blood. What can make me What can make me? &gt;&gt; What can make me wholeer? Nothing. &gt;&gt; Nothing but the blood. &gt;&gt; Absolutely nothing but the blood. [Music] &gt;&gt; So I come to tell you he's alive. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; To tell you that he dordes every tear that falls. And so I've come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes, I am redeemed. I have been bought with a price. I know Jesus has changed my whole life. Well, if anybody asks you, oh just who I am. &gt;&gt; Oh, you can tell them that I am free. &gt;&gt; Oh, I am redeemed. Thank you, Lord. I have been born with the price for Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you, &gt;&gt; well just you can tell them I am redeemed. [Music] Amen. What a wonderful testimony. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What a wonderful testimony. I want to before we're dismissed, I want you also to remember brother Roco in prayer. I know the prayer request was given here as well. And uh just keep our brother in prayer some things with um was having to go with some medication and things like that. So I asked prayer last night and so I want to remember him in prayer also sister sister Cruz and um also continue to pray for Elamine as well. The Lord will just continue to to touch him. He's really went quite a bit that he went through with all those different surgeries and I think he still has some. Is that right, Brother Richie? there's still some things that he has to come, but just praying the Lord will just just really move for him and also deal with his heart as well. And same thing for Marco. And we thank God that Marco was able to go home here. It's been it's been over a week and we thank God for that. And so we just just continue to remember him in prayer. Let's pray for one another. We sure we sure need one another in this hour. &gt;&gt; Amen. We we need to remember one another in prayer. Remember brother Timothy and Shawn. He'll be here with us, Lord willing, on Thursday. And um I also need to make mention to you um Brother Bill is going to be departing from us and going to Tennessee to be with Brother Jerry and Sister Mina. And I know that uh we certainly will miss him &gt;&gt; very much. And uh, brother Bill, I I thought of it when I was here on Thursday. You know, I'm I'm here in the days and and I'm here throughout the whole time there. And I can usually kind of anticipate at a certain time I'll hear a door open or something. I just I'll stay back there. But then, Brother Bill, he'll just And this past Thursday, he was right in here coming in here gathering in trash, bringing in any any mail that needed to be brought in. just barely open my door, slip it on my refrigerator, close my door, and go on. And then, you know, usually after that period of time, it's just a little bit, and I'll hear brother Cruz coming in and Brother Cruz, then I hear sister Stephanie coming in and the Gomez's and and uh hear all them. But, you know, Brother Bill um he'll be with us. They it is until I think next next week, so he'll be with us this Thursday and Sunday. And so, you know, you just make sure I know that that we do love and we appreciate Brother Bill. And brother Bill has been been here since the beginning &gt;&gt; and brother Bill has just been a real pillar here in this assembly &gt;&gt; that no matter what go forward &gt;&gt; and uh I so thank God amen for brother Bill. Thank God for his life and his testimony and it goes on and uh so we just we so love him and just so appreciate him and um so just just you know let your love and your appreciation be known. Amen to our brother. And um I'll try to get him back up here at a time when we can really just love on him and just just especially just get him and and do something here. It was just I didn't wasn't aware enough time, but um but anyhow, don't we love Brother Bill? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Always hear that. Go forward. No matter no matter what it is, go forward. Amen. I know there has been many, many times what I look at with brother Bill and things. There's been many times that no doubt he didn't feel like it, but he went forward. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, God bless you. We're just going to let you be dismissed in the name of the Lord. And Amen. Shake hands with one another as you go on your way. And uh God bless the visitors here this morning as well. Amen. Just remember one another in prayer. Amen. Sing us out. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Shake hands with one another as you're being dismissed. May God with you. Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. all my life. Praise God has been changed. I've been changed. I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. As first verse. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Oh, well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All of my life praise God has been changed. All my sins were as scarlet. They were white as snow. I was found. Oh, but today I'm free. Oh, I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind. Oh, but now I see. Oh, well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All of my life. Praise God. has been changed. When at last in his presence I stand above. He's going to wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, I will thank him for giving a wrench like me. A new home that's beyond the sky. Oh, well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God has it changed. Oh, when at last in his presence I stand above. He's going to wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, I will make him forgiven a wrench like me, a newborn beyond the sky. Oh, yes. I've been changed. I know I've been changed. I have been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All of my life. Praise God. Oh, one more time. I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, hasn't changed. What difference it makes when the Lord has his way over my life. Praise God has been changed. [Music] Hallelujah. Will I have
