################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-28 - Pursuing the Right Thing - Part 1 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-28
Title:   Pursuing the Right Thing - Part 1 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToxKVlV-Fbw
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
32:56 - Ministry
1:44:20 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
How deep the Father's love for us. How best beyond all measure that he should give his only son to make a wretched treasure. How great the pain of searing loss. The father turns his face away as wounds which mar the chosen one bring many sons to gloryy. [Applause] Hallelujah. Behold the man upon a cross. I sin upon his shoulders. Ashamed I hear my mocking voice fall out among the scoffers. It was my sin that held him there until it was accomplish. His dying breath has brought me life. I know that it is finished. I like this. I will not boast in anything. No gifts, no power, no wisdom. But I will boast in Jesus Christ, his death and resurrection. Why should I gain from his reward? I cannot give an answer, but this I know with all my heart. His wounds have made my answer. Let's see that verse once again. Oh, how deep the Father's love for us. How vast beyond all measure that he should give his only son to make a wretch his treasure. How great the pain of searing loss. The father turns his face away as wounds which mar the chosen ones bring many sons to Amen. Let's sing this verse just one more time. I will not boast in. Oh yes. No gifts, no power, no wisdom. But I but I will boast in Jesus Christ, his death and resurrection. Why should I gain from his reward? I cannot give an end, but this I know with all my heart. Oh yes, his words have made mine. Why should I gain? Why should I gain from his dream? Oh yes, for I cannot give an answer. Oh, but this I know with all my heart his works have paid. Let's all stand. And let's just sing that just one more time. Why should we gain from his reward? Why can I give an answer? But this I know with all my heart. His words have paid my rent. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you so glad for his love tonight? Amen. Oh, I tell you. Amen. I just love the Lord tonight. How about you? Amen. Hallelujah. Does he mean everything to you tonight? Amen. I know he means a lot to me, too. Amen. He's done so much for us. Amen. We just can't praise him enough, can't we? Amen. Praise God. Amen. It's certainly good to be in the house of God once again tonight. Amen. To be in his presence. Amen. We just want to just we just want to just just get we just want to get away in his presence tonight. Amen. Is that what you want to do? You just want to get away from all the cares of this life. What you may be going through right now. He wants your thinking. Amen. We just want to think upon him and worship him tonight. That's what we've come to do. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We just have just one prayer request tonight. How many knows that no matter what the need is that God's able to meet each and every need? You believe that tonight? Amen. And I certainly believe that too. Amen. That's just uh this is a prayer request for continued prayers for Sister Cruz, Brother Crest, and also prayers for brother Rocco who was sick tonight. So remember, Brother Roco and Brother Crest, but it's certainly good to have Sister Cruz with us, Sister Irma. Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Our God's a healer. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So glad to see our sister tonight. God bless you, Sister Irma. Amen. How many has a need you'd like to make known by lifting hand? And I I know there's many that's sick among us. But we just know tonight that we serve a God that's a healer, that's a deliverer, that's a savior. Amen. Let's just go for the Lord tonight. Amen. Dear kind, gracious heavenly father. Lord, how we just so love you, Lord. And father, how we're so thankful, Lord, for your love to us, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, we're so appreciative of that, Lord Jesus. And Lord, what you did for us on Calvary, Lord Jesus, and Lord, we're so unworthy, Lord Jesus. But Lord, you've made us worthy, Lord Jesus, so that we may that we may be made worthy, Lord Jesus, for you. And Lord Jesus, tonight, Lord Jesus, we just want to, Lord, just leave everything aside, Lord Jesus, and just focus on you, Lord Jesus. That's what we want, Lord Jesus. We just want to draw more closer to you, Lord Jesus, unlike we've ever have before in our lives, Lord Jesus, in our hearts. And heavenly father, Lord, tonight Lord, we know that you're among us, Lord. You know, we know that you're in our midst, Lord Jesus. Lord, for Lord, if it weren't for you, Lord Jesus, we wouldn't have church, Lord. We wouldn't have a service, Lord. Father, tonight, I just pray that Lord, you just meet each and every single need, Lord Jesus, the hands that were lifted, the hands that were raised, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, you see the heart behind those hands, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I pray also, Lord Jesus, for those that are, Lord, sick tonight. Lord, we think of our Lord our brother Rocco. Lord, just pray to touch him, Lord. And we thank you uh Lord, we just pray touch him and Lord for we just also want to say Lord, we thank you for touching Sister Cruz, Lord Jesus. We thank you for your healing touch, Lord Jesus, in her life, Lord. We continue to give our sister strength, Lord Jesus. And Lord, just pray that Lord, we just Lord, we just so thank you, Lord Jesus. Sometimes, Lord, thank you is not enough, Lord. We just want to say thank you, Lord Jesus. Just like that leper, Lord Jesus. I came back to you, Lord Jesus. Lord, just thank you, Lord Jesus. We want to be like that leper tonight, Lord Jesus, to thank you for all you've done for us, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, Lord, just pray you have your way in the service tonight, Lord. Maybe with brother Samuel, Lord Jesus. I pray that Lord, you just lead us in worship one more time. Lord Jesus, may help us to create an atmosphere so that you may feel welcome in this place, Lord. May you bless the musicians, Lord Jesus. May you just anoint them tonight, Lord, and just help us to get out of the way, Lord. We just want to worship you in spirit and truth, Lord. We love you. We thank you. We commit the rest of the night into your hands in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Amen. You may be seated tonight. Amen. How many's thankful to be in the house of God? Amen. Are you thankful? Are you glad to be here tonight? There's no better place you rather be than to be in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I want to say thanks. Oh, thanks. Oh, I give you thanks for all you have done. Hallelujah. Oh, I am so blessed. Thank you, Lord. My soul has found a rest. Oh. Oh. I'll give you thanks. Hey, let's just thank the Lord tonight. Oh, I want to say thanks. Oh, thanks. Thank you, Lord. I'll give you thanks for all that you have done. Oh yes, for I am so blessed. Yes, Lord. My soul has shest, oh Lord. Oh, I give you thanks. So, let's just thank the Lord tonight. Once again, we want to say thanks. Oh, thanks. Oh, I give you thanks for all he's done for us. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we are so blessed. Though tonight my soul has shtern rest, oh Lord, I give. Oh, hallelujah. Just sing that one more time. We want to say we want to say thanks. Oh, thanks. Oh, thank you, Lord, for all you have done. Oh, yes. Hallelujah. Oh, is he so good tonight? Oh, I am so blessed. My soul has shall rest. Oh, oh, I give you thanks. And my soul so blessed. My soul has found eternal rest. Oh Lord. Oh, I give you thanks. Hallelujah. Oh, is that what you come to do tonight? You want to give him thanks. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. That's what I come to do tonight. Amen. Want to give him thanks. Let's sing that song. Amen. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Amen. Is he greatly to be praised tonight? Amen. He's so great. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just sing this little worship song to the Lord. Oh, the splender of a king. [Music] Oh, clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. [Music] He wraps himself in light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his horse and trembles at his horse. Oh, how great. Oh, how great. Oh, sing with me. How great is my God in all the how great, how great is our God. Oh, let's sing that first verse. This once again. The splendor of a king. The splender of a king. Oh, hallelujah. He is clothed in majesty. Oh, let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. Oh, he wraps himself in light and darkness. Oh, and the darkness tries. Oh, and trembles at his voice. Yes, it trembles at the sound of his voice. Oh, how great. Oh, yes. Oh, church, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how good Oh, how great you are, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Oh, I love this right here. H to H and H to H. He stands. Oh, I know that time is in time is in his hands. Beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. Oh, I know the mystery has been sound. Oh, I know that the seals have already been revealed. Oh, and the brightest his voice. Oh yes, the bride his. She wants to sing this to him. How great is our Lord you greatly to be praised, how great, oh, and all will see how great, oh, how great is our God. Oh, like this verse right here. Amen. Hallelujah. He rings. Amen. The nations know you are king. Oh yes. Oh he's the maker of all everything. Oh and you we live and move. And you we live and move. Oh Lord we call and you are near. [Music] I know your presence coners all our fear and we make our boast in you. Yes, we make our boast in you. We want to sing how great. Oh is our God. Oh yes. Sing. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Oh, is my God and all will see, how great, how great. Oh, hallelujah. Let's sing this now. The name above all names. Amen. Oh, I know that he is the name above all names. Yes, Lord. And he is worthy of all my praise and my heart will sing. How great is our God. He's the name above all names. I know he is the name above all the other. Oh yes, he's worthy of my praise. [Music] Yes, Lord Jesus, you're worthy of my praise. And my heart will sing. Oh, how great is my God. Oh, let's sing now once again. How great, oh how great is our God. Oh church, sing with me. How great is my God. Oh, and all see how great. Yes, Lord. Oh, how great is my God name above all names. Hallelujah. Do you believe that tonight? He's a name above all names. Yes, Lord. And you are worthy of all my praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our Amen. Hallelujah. Just the voices tonight. No music. Let's sing it all together now. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great. Oh yes, how great is our God name above all names. He's the name above all names. Oh hallelujah. My God is worthy of all my praise. And my heart will sing. How great is my God. One more time. How great. With all the music. Oh, is my God. Oh, sing with me. How he's greatly to be praised tonight. Oh, and all will see how great, oh, how great is my God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's my God tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. He's greatly to be praised. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He's so great tonight, isn't he? Amen. And he's truly worthy of all our praise. Amen. Man, I know we sang this. Amen. I know last week, but uh sing a song, precious love of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for the love of God tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Just real quick before we before we sing that, I'll just have this announcement. Uh there will be a church cleaning tomorrow at 11:30 a.m. this Friday tomorrow. Please let Sister Kim know. So you can let Sister Kim know about cleaning in the church tomorrow at 11. And I'm sure they appreciate that. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing this course to the Lord tonight. Amen. I'm just thankful. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Help me sing it. Before I spoke a word, you were singing over me. [Music] Lord, you have been so so good to me. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, before I took a breath, you breathed your life in me. Hallelujah. Oh, you have been so so kind to me. All the overwhelming and all the overwhelming, the neverending precious love of God. And oh, it chases me down. fight till I'm finally a 99. Oh, I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, I like this. Oh, when I was your foe, still your love fought for me. Oh, hallelujah. That's the love of God. Amen. Oh Lord, you have been so so good to me. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, when I felt no worth, you've paid it all for me. Lord, you've been so good. You have been so so kind. to me. Hallelujah. And all the overwhelming neverending precious love. Oh yes. I know it chases me. Oh yes. Oh, I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming, the neverending precious love of God. Let's sing that second verse just one more time. when I was your foe. Oh, when I was your foe, still your love. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you for fighting for us, Lord. Oh, you have been so so good to me. Hallelujah. Oh, when I felt no worth, you paid it all for me. You have been so good to me, Lord. You have been so so kind to me. All and all the overwhelming, neverending. [Music] Oh, it's so precious. Amen. And oh, it chases me down. Fight still. [Music] I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. And all the overwhelming neverending [Music] precious love of God or like this holds no shadow you won't light up. No mountain you won't climb up. They're coming after me. There's no wall. There's no wall you won't kick down. The lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow. There's no shadow you won't light up. No mountain you won't climb up and coming after me. Aren't you thankful for that? Amen. There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Let's see that. No shadow you won't light up. Once again, oh there's no shadow you won't light up. No mountain you won't climb up. Coming after. Oh, he's still going to come after you no matter what. Amen. There's no wall you won't kick down. But allow you won't tear down coming after me and all the overwhelming the neverending precious love of God. I'm so glad that oh it chases me down. But still I'm found at least the 99. Oh, I could earn it. No, I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. And all the overwhelming, the neverending [Music] precious love of God. Oh, I couldn't earn it. No, I don't deserve. Yes, Lord. Still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming the never end. Oh yes. Precious love of God. Hallelujah. Aren't you thank for the love of God tonight? Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There's nothing like the presence of Jehovah. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing this little song. Amen. As brother Samuel comes. Amen. How many's ready for the word of God tonight? Amen. Amen. You just want to hear from the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Let's sing that tonight. Amen. There's nothing like his presence. Amen. And his presence drives away all doubt, all fear. Amen. All anxiety. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Amen. Let's sing that chorus tonight. [Music] There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There is nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's joy. Oh, there is joy in the presence. Do you believe that tonight? There's joy in his presence. There's joy in the presence of my Lord. I know there is joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. Let's sing. There's healing in the presence. Amen. There is healing in the presence. Oh yes, healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence of the Lord. Oh, I know there is healing in the presence. I know there is healing in his presence. presence. There's healing in the presence. Oh, sing. I'm free. Oh, I am free. [Music] Oh, in his presence. Oh yes. Oh, I am healed. Yes, I'm here in his presence. I've been forgiven [Music] &gt;&gt; and I am not the same. I have been changed forever in his presence. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's all stand tonight. Let's sing it once again. Oh, there is freedom in the presence. There's freedom in his presence. There's freedom in the presence of my Lord. Oh, I know that there is freedom in his presence. There's freom in his presence. the freedom. I'm in the presence of the Oh, I'm free. Oh, I am free. Oh, yes. In his presence. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm healed. &gt;&gt; Yes, I am healed. He is present. I am forgiven. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I am not the same. I have been sh for his presence. [Music] I've been forgiven. Oh, I'm not the same. I've been changed forever in in his presence. Hallelujah. And let's just go to him in a word of prayer tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, what a privilege it is to be able to come together, be able, Lord, to unite our hearts together, Father, in Christian love and be able to approach the throne of grace that we might find help in the time of trouble. Lord, we're standing as needy, needy vessels, Lord, as your children. Oh God, how thankful we are for what you have done and what you're doing in our lives. But Lord, we're standing once again tonight in need, Lord. Oh, Father, truly every day in our lives, Lord, how we need the mercy of God. How we need, Lord, your longsuffering and your forgiveness, Lord. But oh God, how that Father, when we look at that throne of grace to find help and need, Lord God, we know that Lord, we're depending on you, Father, to bring your word to pass in our lives, Lord. You're all that we have need of, Lord. &gt;&gt; So, Father, we ask tonight, Lord, that you would help us, Lord, once again. Dear God, give us grace, Lord, to not only to yield ourselves in this moment, but Father, the things, Lord, that you would speak to our hearts and and guide us and lead us into, Lord, that Father, even from this moment, there might be, Lord God, even a deeper yielding, Lord, into the things of God. We pray, Lord, you've not asked us, Lord, to fulfill the word. You've not even asked us to bear wool. You've asked us, Lord, to bear fruit. Not to manufacture wool or anything. But Lord God, just to yield. And Father, through that life within us, Lord God, the wool will come, the fruit will come, Lord, all of those things, Lord God, that you have packed within the seed, just like, Lord God, every leaf that would be on an apple tree, every apple that it would ever, Lord, bring forth, every branch, Lord, every part of it is within that little seed, Lord God, when it would go in the ground, but that quickening power begins to release what is in there, Lord. So we ask tonight, God, may you grace us with your presence once again, Lord God. Father, quicken hearts and lives, Lord. Move among us, Lord. Draw us closer to you, Lord. I pray to one another, Lord. Oh God, may you just heal those that are in need, Lord, in their bodies, Lord. Give them strength, Lord. Touch them, Lord. I pray. We ask Lord for brother Dave Crest that Lord you'll continue to minister strength Lord and and healing to him Lord. Oh God relieving Lord of the discomfort and the pain Lord and his body Lord. How we thank you for bringing him through that knee surgery Lord. And we just pray that God you'll continue to give our brother strength Lord and help him Lord. I pray as he's going through Lord just these moments Lord just to Lord use and become reaccustomed to using that knee Lord I pray God may you grace Lord our brother with your presence Lord be with him Lord right now I pray Lord for each and every other request there's many needs among us Lord oh God may you continue to give strength and touch each one Lord I pray in the name of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; amen Amen. Amen. God bless you musicians. Thank you. Amen. Amen. So thankful for the grace of God, aren't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, that was about two of you. &gt;&gt; I said we're thankful for God's grace, aren't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. His grace will certainly see us all the way through. And that's what we're we're resting. Amen. In him. I want to just uh go right into the scriptures here tonight in 1 Corinthians 13 and to just look a little bit more here in the scriptures here tonight. 1 Corinthians 13 and verse 8. And Paul would write, "Charity never faileth. But whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. Whether there be tongues, they shall cease. And whether there be knowledge and knowledge revelations, it shall vanish away. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away with. Verse 11, when I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child, I thought as a child, but when I became a man, this is one of the key key turning points. When I became a man, I put away childish things. For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known. And now abideth of faith, hope, charity, these three. But the greatest of these is charity. I just like to speak to you tonight on this thought on pursuing the right thing. May God bless you and bless the reading of his word. I think there's so many great and wonderful promises that God has given to us and we are certainly living in a time and an hour that we are not just pressing just for one promise. And yet the promise of the rapture is truly the goal. But within that promise of the rapture, there's so many other promises that God has also allotted to us because we know that the rapture itself is absolutely the catching away of of the bride of Jesus Christ. And it is that character that Christ himself has been able to so perfect within our lives. And we know that that perfecting of our character that is things that doesn't come from just setting and hearing the word. Yet we need to be encouraged. The word will direct us in areas that we need to yield to. But there's nothing that will perfect our character like tests and trials. But the word itself is what comes to encourage you and I through the test and trials of life and encourages us and helps us sometimes within our our perspectives can be kind of off and kind of skewed within things and that's all part that comes with that humanity at times and sometimes we are just sometimes can be beside ourselves. We don't know exactly what is taking place and and truly even like with our understanding that God has brought to us in this hour regarding tests and trials that they are are allotted to us as a measure of suffering that is given to the church that Christ left behind. And yet with understanding that even when things are not going just right or maybe going our way or tests or trials come along, it's no sign of God's disapproval. And yet within all of that we still have the part where you and I look at many times when things transpire we look and say Lord what's taking place and then it begins to within that of a believer through times in our lives we begin to learn in that moment of the strength of through reflection in our own life because remember the prophet would take us in the message be certain of God and he would he would speak to us over and over and even through his own life of where there would come times in his own life, he said, where he would turn over every stone and he would pour through these things in his life because uh of to actually be be to be certain of God. And you know, listen, where when we know that where we're standing with God as far as that we have passed from death unto life, but as a believer, our lives as a believer, it never is to be a life of a of just presuming. But it's a life of reflection and it's a life that we recognize that over and over that in our lives that there are things that can come that can accumulate but yet we want to be standing with a certainty and God gives us grace to be able to stand in that way and to think that when the rapture itself and the achievement of that is how that the love of God will have been able to achieve within the hearts and lives of the believers and bring us into that capstone of Christ himself as he sets down upon the church. Now, we realize that we're living under the capstone revelation. We know that we're living under where the head has returned to the body. But to understand that that head coming to the body, it is the light. It is the word. It is the strength that is needed in order to bring the church of the living God into perfection and into its place so that the rapture itself and the change of the body might come to pass. Because remember Paul wrote in the in the book of Hebrews, the very last scripture in Hebrews 11 that they without us should not be made perfect. And when we think of the age and the time that we're living in, all the other ages, everything else is hinging and it's resting on God's achievement taking place in this age through our lives. I'll tell you, if I looked at that as though that it was my task, I would be overwhelming. But when I can recognize that it's not my task or my ability, but only that we might be able to yield ourselves to God's grace, God himself, he will have, he does have a bride that he will bring to complete maturity and he will present it to himself as a trophy of his grace. &gt;&gt; So, so God has an objective where there is a process. There's a journey. And so within all of this uh we want to know that within it all that we are pursuing the right thing. We could pursue a lot of things in life. There's a lot of things that we could chase after but within it all the thing that is to be the absolute necessity and to be where our lives are centered is to pursue the love of God. And yes, I'm talking about the Holy Spirit and I'm talking about the love of God in our lives that he would grow within our lives and know more or less that we would become uh uh decreased and he would increase because that's really when we think of it the love of God. The love of God is not just something that's minor. It's not just something that well you know we we receive that when we receive the Holy Ghost. We receive a portion of it. But the whole goal is that the love of God would actually work its placing itself into perfection in our life to be over to override, overthrow, and to subdue all things unto himself. And so I can say within it over and over that we definitely need more of the love of God. And when I say more of the love of God, it actually we need more of God to take over more of our lives. &gt;&gt; And so within that, that requires honesty. It requires reflection. Sometimes these things maybe are not comfortable, but to recognize that God is not our enemy. God is not here to condemn us, but he does correct us and he does mind us, remind us of the high calling that we are called to within this life. Paul has went through here and he sets this very last portion that charity itself out of faith, hope and charity of how that charity itself is the greatest. I want you to think of this that charity itself the divine love of almighty God is actually the fountain or the source of these other two things because to re to understand Paul would write that faith works by love. So love is the absolute conduit or what will actually produce faith. Now I'm not just talking about faith to work miracles because 1 Corinthians 13 it speaks of how that though I have faith to move mountains but if I don't have charity it would almost seem like well that should absolutely be given. But it is God's love that could actually move down and where a person can actually come under an anointing and an influence and a gift of God can move right down and faith itself will absolutely move a mountain. faith itself as Paul would write there, you know, that pertains to the gift of healing, miracles, and that faith that it would work even to understand all mysteries where be able to so lay out the scriptures and and quotes and everything just be so so lined up in such a way, but yet if charity is not there, it's nothing. &gt;&gt; So Paul sets it in the opening part of this chapter. Paul's not discounting all of those things, but he's saying that do not pursue after that. Do not pursue after being able to explain everything or to pursue after gifts and great supernatural things. Don't pursue. Don't rest on it. Don't lean on it. But make there be. Let there be one pursuit in our life and that's charity. Because after all, it's charity that will actually give faith. And now the faith that we're talking about here is bridematerial faith. We're talking about faith to where that even when God says no, your faith remains constant. To where when you prayed and it seems like you're not getting any answer, like the little woman, the Stadcliffe sister when she thought that she did not have faith or sufficient faith because God took her little child on home. But the prophet said, "No, you have great faith, sister." Now, you see how how contrary that is to our minds. We would look at that and think, well, if it was great faith, then surely God would have sent the prophet AC across the sea in the jet that was provided. But God would actually give a display of the holding power of the faith of God. Because faith does not mean that we understand everything or know everything. But faith itself is that where we're able by the grace of God to trust him. When someone can come to us and say, "Do you understand this? Why your loved one or why this?" And you can absolutely stand there and say without any pride or any reservation, I don't understand. It does not make sense to me, but I trust him. &gt;&gt; That's where love itself will generate a faith that holds in the hour of temptation. It's where faith itself or love will actually is the one that produces a right hope because remember hope is a timid sort of thing. And if and if hope is you know instead of faith well you don't want hope instead of faith. But actually faith is what would deliver us a substance of things hoped or expected for. And the only way that can come about is through charity. Because one of the last attributes of charity in 1 Corinthians 13 is it hopeeth all things &gt;&gt; to where that no matter what takes place, I hope. &gt;&gt; I trust. Oh, brother Samuel, hope's such a bad word. Then why did God put that in there? &gt;&gt; Why did it say that Paul that Abraham would hope against hope? Because we understand that within this, we're not talking about something that is altogether timid, but we're looking at the love of God within our lives to where when we have prayed the prayer of faith. Let me just give you an example. In the Hebrew series, the prophet speaks of how that, you know, he went and he prayed for an individual and he says how that he went and prayed for this this this this individual right there at Jeffersonville. And here when the individual asked brother Brandham, the man asked brother, "Brother Ram, do you believe I'm going to get well?" Brother Ram said, "I absolutely do, brother, and he rehearsed the brother the promises of the scripture." Well, long story short, the brother passed on and went home to be with the Lord. But the his wife got upset at brother Brandham and she was so mad because she said, "You gave him a false hope. Look what you did." And brother Brandham, here was his response. He he did said I did not have a vision because remember prophets cannot make themselves have visions. But brother Brandham actually approaches to this to the to the lady and he says how would you have wanted me to come into that home? So brother Brandham wasn't giving him a false hope. It was according to God's word. Just like when we pray we lay hands as the Bible says under general orders. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Now if there is specific orders that comes that says regarding this surgery regarding that then that's a direct word from the Lord that will override the general orders. But the general orders is what we as the church of the living God and under the love of God in our life will stand upon God's word. We don't have to see a vision. I don't need a word from the Lord. I appreciate having a word from the Lord. There's many times, no doubt, I would want that. But I want to be careful because I don't want to go around where I begin to pull things of what I want. God knows what you and I have need of. Is that right? &gt;&gt; So to understand the love of God, we'll stand right there on God's word and say, "Lord, I trust you because this is what you have said in your word." You see what God what the love of God has done and is doing within a bride of Jesus Christ to actually bring about a people that will stand upon God's word simply because he said it. &gt;&gt; What love to stand there. That's just like that little woman who was standing there waiting on the owner's son to return cuz he made a promise to her. She never had any word in the meantime. She never had any vision in the meantime. Don't get me wrong, but what was she standing on? His word. We appreciate words. We appreciate visions. But let me tell you something. When all of those things are set aside, it's got to be the where our faith is anchored in God's word above everything else. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Because notice when Paul would write of this and to understand this that in pursuing the right thing of how that God's love is to be the very source that we pursue after. I I think it's there's a lot of things like I said that we could chase after, pursue after. But if we miss that of the love of God, we've missed everything. &gt;&gt; Now, I want you to watch how Brother Brandham would would say this here in this quote. And I want you to just just just pay attention to this in in this statement here. I've referred to it many times, but I I want to bring it and read it to you right here. Brother Bram says, "After this morning, the Holy Spirit so beautifully coming down and bathing us in his great beauty. I was just inspired to speak them words and say that some glorious day that all of the gifts that's in the church will just be set aside on the mantle as it was." And the Holy Spirit himself will just take the church in such a control of divine love until the sick will be healed. The blind will see, the lame will walk without being hands laid on them. It'll just be one great unity. &gt;&gt; Now, I've heard this quote referred to as a millennium quote. My question is is why in the world would I need healing in the millennium? &gt;&gt; I'm not going to need healing in the millennium. But you see when brother Brandham says this set aside now you understand that within it you can have things where and all of a sudden within the greatness of the revelation that God has given us as though that revelation it takes us beyond all of these things. Revelation does not take us beyond the scriptures. I'll tell you, if there's any revelation or so-called revelation that takes us beyond God's word, I don't want it. &gt;&gt; I don't want anything outside of this word. &gt;&gt; I know he can do things outside of it, but I'm just happy for him fulfilling what's wrote in here. And how many times over and over we've heard the prophet of God tell us over and over all the way clear all the way through. Sure he deals with not resting upon gifts and supernatural things as far as a vindication of our life within Christ. That's true. But God never took the gifts out of the church. They are a part of the journey. They are needful all along the way. So in the scripture that I read for the text here regarding prophecy itself that it will cease how those things will fail. It was not speaking of failure it was speaking of that they are elements of time and when time itself has commenced and we step into eternity there will not be any more need for one of these nine spiritual gifts on the other side. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There will not be I'll never preach another sermon. I say, "Glory be to God." I'll never preach another sermon. Incredible to me. For those of you that are singers, I I I'm I'm glad because right there, the prophet said they'll be singing on the other side. Hallelujah. But I I'll just be honest with you. I I I'll be grateful, you know, within it. I'm I'm not saying that reluctantly. I'm just saying that with when it all is said and done, these are things that God has allotted to us in time. So to set aside these as the prophet would speak of it in that verse. They are not to be the focus or the measuring rod or the spirituality or even to be a criteria of what is a dead church or what is a living church. I tell you many times when you hear things that way it is manmade labels that have been come up with. You do not find the prophet of God bringing around and bringing comparisons in that way. But men will try to do that. And you say, "Where is that coming from?" It's not coming from charity or from divine love. That is coming from something that is not of the source of God. There could be a right-on perfect absolutely wonderful individual, but God never called you and I to compare ourselves to one another and run one another down. That is not what charity or the love of God will do. As a matter of fact, the prophet would stand right on the platform and say, "I have my trinitarian brethren over here, one that's over here. Brethren, you're both wrong, but let's weave our nets together and let's make a great cast for the kingdom of God." Charity is not an expression or an anointing that seeks to divide or bring exclusive exclus exclusiveness and and highlight and exalt that that the charity does not do that. But the real love of God seeks to exalt Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? &gt;&gt; So it's not the measuring rod being set aside. In other words, where this does not become the measuring rod of spirituality among the body of believers. You know, brother Ram tells us that Pentecost took genuine articles says this in the message all things they took genuine articles, supernatural articles and made a tradition out of them. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How do you take supernatural articles and make a tradition out of it? Because when that has to be going on &gt;&gt; in order for there to be a service, &gt;&gt; if I didn't run in this service, if I didn't shout in this service, if I didn't dance in this service, if we didn't speak in tongues, listen, we believe in all those things, but but that is not a criteria for what is a spiritual service. A spiritual service is where Christ himself has come down to speak personally to the lives of his people. It might make you run. It might make you shout. The spirit of God might fall. And there's a need in the building and God will give utterance. But all of that is based on the word. &gt;&gt; Everybody hearing me now? &gt;&gt; So it's set aside doesn't mean put on the mantle. It's like I told one individual, I said, "You know, when anybody knows," I said, "Brother Brandon was a country boy. He was a southerner." I said, "Let me tell you something. When you put things on the mantle in a southern home, it ain't like Cracker Barrel where they got the gun hanging up there, you couldn't use that gun if you tried. &gt;&gt; But you know how it is in a southern house or whatever. When they put that gun over over the fireplace, buddy, if there's a possum that shows up, if there's a bothering their dog, if they need to go deer hunting, they will take that off and they will use it as needed. And God through the ministry of Malachi 4 has placed the gifts in position for the body of Christ. They're not obsolete. They're not out of date, but it's right there as we have need of it. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. But rather we want to we want complete rest through divine love and to be yielding and satisfied in him that we need no other greater vindication of his presence in our lives but just as new creatures being molded in his image. And these things as I said they are needful through this part of the journey where you and I are at in this moment. &gt;&gt; Now think of this. Let me let me go to the scriptures here in Ephesians 4 and verse 11. It says he gave some now these are church offices not church gifts. He gave some apostles and prophets and evangelists and pastors and teachers. And I say we need every part of the five-fold ministry. &gt;&gt; Everyone even every pastor God there's such a uniqueness and how that God has the gift and how that he has it with an evangelist. Every part is needed. So you wonder what Sam what are you saying? I'm saying that a pastor cannot fulfill everything that's needed for his local congregation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying. That's where I stand because God placed it in the body. There are evangelists and they are specialists just like God has apostles. God has each one of them. They are are specialists that God will use in such a way. Remember brother Brand talks about the evangelist. Think about it. The evangelist don't know none of you all. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. &gt;&gt; He don't know one thing about you. And here he comes in. Brother Bam, I can see him as a ball of fire. He'll come right down blazing the trail. You know what? He don't have to worry about text the next day. He don't worry about cleanup, right? Just like a guy who comes in, throws a party, he don't worry about the cleanup afterwards. He don't worry about if there's tablecloths everywhere, cake on the floor. It doesn't matter if there's chairs scattered. He came and he did his job. And that's how God would use that of an evangelist. I'm thankful for that. Aren't you? That God would come down and use that to so you and I, you know, God don't have to do that. But he does that his love and care. You know what that is? That shows a lot of longsuffering on God's part to put up with our humanity. So that where you and I could be able, we could not say, "Oh, he's saying that because of brother Samuel or he's saying that." Come on, friends. You know how the enemy will try to get on your mind? He'll try to get on your shoulder. He'll want to make you think that one message has been studied out for you. Let me just save you the time. &gt;&gt; I don't study messages based on individuals. As a matter of fact, most of the things that I minister have been setting for months and things just continue to work within a series. They've been setting and waiting on the spirit of God. As a matter of fact, the things that I've been preaching here out of the love of God, I was planning on preaching that way back in February, but the spirit of God would not allow me to do it then at that time. &gt;&gt; But we're always wanting God's time and God's season. This is why we have to know the seasons to be in and out of. Notice for the perfecting of the saints. Now, I want you to understand this. this perfecting of the saints, your perfection. Paul is not speaking of your perfection as far as what comes through the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; The blood of Jesus Christ perfects you. &gt;&gt; It cleanses you. It plays here through the blood. It brings a perfection then of his life coming into your life and placing you in the body where you belong in in in the body of Jesus Christ in the word. That's something that's alone between you and God. Well, the other parts is also God working. But this perfecting it deals with completion. You understand that your birth is not your adoption. &gt;&gt; We must be born again, but your birth is not your adoption. The adoption, there is a growing that is to take place within our life. a submitting that's to take place because God's desire is to bring every one of his sons and daughters into adoption. And so it's God's placing. So God gave the ministry for the perfecting or the completing of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ. So it's it's kind of like this when you see this this scripture here that that Paul would write about how that the man of God might be thoroughly furnished. I don't know about you, but like I said before, when my wife and I when we first got married and had a double wide built and that double wide was brought in in and in and there in our house, mine, yeah, we had a house, but you know what? We didn't have no chairs to sit on. We had no chair set on. It was wonderful, but we we had no chairs. You know, we did we had those great Dollar General plastic chairs and we set them out. Hey, it was better than sitting on the floor. &gt;&gt; That's what we had at that time. And you know what? Little by little couch, love seat. Little by little, you know, you get to looking and oh, can how how is this looking for this year? Well, this year we'll set back for this and you get one end table. Then you get another end table. Then you get a lamp. Then you get a bedroom suit. Then you get this. Little by little, it was not sorry. We weren't rich. It wasn't something where mom and dad just said, "Here, here's the checkbook, and y'all can go to the go to the nearest Amish store down there and just load it up." Boy, I would have liked that. But you know what? It took little by little. But you know what? I'm so appreciative of the things that we do have. I know, you know, it might seem like, oh, this old honeywood, like here, fruit, it's out of style, but it's out of style and it's paid for. I'd rather it be out of style than paid for. Oh, you might be able to paint it white, then all of a sudden somebody changes their mind and this is the latest, greatest color, fluorescent pink with green dots on it, and you know, you can paint it this way. I listen friends, this is what I'm saying. That little by little, our home was a furnished. And that's the same way it is with your walk and my walk with God. God don't come and completely outfit the whole thing in your life. But it's little by little by little by little, he is furnishing your life. &gt;&gt; G &gt;&gt; so that in every part of our life, it will reflect him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There's not be a room that he couldn't go to in our life and not be able to feel comfortable &gt;&gt; God &gt;&gt; for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Now, this unity of the faith does not mean bringing us all to where everybody thinks the same. &gt;&gt; Everybody thinks like brother Samuel. God don't want everybody thinking like brother Samuel. &gt;&gt; You know what? God would even allow things, you know, God will allow things to test and see, can we handle differences? &gt;&gt; Lord have mercy. You brother Samuel you mean that God did not mean that everybody listen friends even among the deacons even of how that we would work together there's things at times that they haven't seen eye to eye with me but when we look at it and we pray about it and I said look let's commit it let's operate it in this way you see it isn't about that we all we all got to see eye to eye on the major principle things yes on that of the new birth absolutely on that of the But there might be variations. Maybe how a brother sees this or how a brother sees this or a sister sees this. But you and I have to make a decision. Not God. We have to make a decision. Are we going to make our differences an issue or are we going to pursue after the love of God that will allow us to stand united? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord have mercy. Till we all come what? Till we all come to BSWT? No. Till we all come under this pastor? No. Till we all get this brother's sermons? No. It's not that's not God's desire. &gt;&gt; God has given us a one-man message. &gt;&gt; And the Holy Spirit coming through that vessel now is broke apart. And now through the vessels and those that are faithfully taught with the same spirit of God have the same objective that operated in the heart of that messenger. And that's to see a true spiritual relationship. Don't get me wrong. I want everybody to have victory, but I do not want your victory and your joy to be tied to this man right here. I want your victory and your joy to be completely in Jesus Christ. Will God operate and does he through this channel? Yes. But it's with the objective that whether I'm here tomorrow or not, or whether you can get a hold of me tomorrow or not, your victory is in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. This is not a group walk. It's an individual walk &gt;&gt; until unto the perfect man, unto the knowledge of the son of God. Oh my. So much we could say on that. unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ, that we be that we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slight of men and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie and wait to deceive. You know, I I realize that sometimes as our children and things, they're coming into certain places in their life. you know, you have to just kind of listen and wait and watch because there's sometimes where there's things that they have to make decisions. They're coming into times where they've got to make decisions. But I I do I don't believe that God intended us and I do this according I'm saying this according to how that he works that God himself is not a handsoff God. &gt;&gt; It's true that God will help us when we make mistakes. He'll correct us. That's exactly right. He's right there. But God is also wanting to influence us and guide us. And sometimes there's things that God will listen when we get in our head to do something, God will allow us to go ahead and do it. But remember, there's many times when we come and begin to realize as we'll present something to the Lord and the Lord will wait on him. We begin to learn through experiences in our walk with God, we begin to learn the value &gt;&gt; of waiting on him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, what allows learning to take place? The love that's expressed over our lives. &gt;&gt; And there's things that how that God will deal with our hearts cuz he realized, wait a minute, they they they take this this too this too much of a turn right here, too much of an angle right here. Mine will send them way off over here. And so God will listen and he'll bring he'll bring a direction and and actually cause us to be able to reflect. You know, there's a lot of things that God will say yes, God will say no. And then there's times where God brings us in our life to where you and I come have to come to a place and we begin to reflect. How many knows that's a learning place where you begin to realize, wait a minute here, I I I made there's all the mistakes I've made, I've not made it because of God. I've made those mistakes because of not waiting on him. &gt;&gt; Right? I've made it. Maybe I felt something. I felt an impression. Felt this or whatever more. But you know what? Hey, listen. Let me tell you what a blessing it is. You know you're a rare breed if you can admit that you make mistakes. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you something. You're actually part of St. John 5:19. The son can do nothing of himself but what he seeth the father doing. God bringing us to the realization over and over. It isn't God pushing us through, pulling us through, but it's waiting on God and for God to work and move within our lives to do what? What is the purpose in this first part of this of this verse? You realize that after the spirit of God has taken a hold of a life that the spirit of God coming into your life is the rest of the Holy Spirit. The re and it becomes the absolute objective of the Holy Spirit which is the rest of God to bring you the first place into rest. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You understanding me now? to bring you to a place to where you are resting and not looking at any other evidence. But the Holy Spirit, what what did Paul do for those three years that he studied down there in Arabia? What was taking place? The Holy Spirit was bringing him into the reality of the rest that he was already in. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. It's evidence because you know why? Rest is where you're settled. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; It's where you've settled in where God has brought you through. Because before you're settled, oh my, you know, the enemy can can beat you up here and he can beat you up there. Remember, brother Ram said he had to learn as a young Christian not to go by his feelings. And you can have things to where that the enemy the enemy can take quotes and scriptures and he can interpret it this way. He can have you believing that a man full of the Holy Ghost is somehow a perfect man, a sinless man, a man that doesn't make mistakes. And that is not what not so whatsoever. The sinlessness and perfection is that from our soul to where the when the worshipper is once purged. He has no more desire for sin. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Is that right? This is why the prophet said, "Don't ever get in your mind that you'll live so perfect to where you don't make a mistake." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; I think an old dear old dear sister Smith, you know, I just started pastoring and she would go to certain meetings and things like that that she would go to, you know, she her and brother Bill had went to for so many years and things and it's meetings in another location and place and she got she said, "Brother Samuel," she said, "I got some tapes." She said, "I want you to hear." She said, "I don't know." And she loved this, "Dear brother, dear pastor, my what a wonderful brother, you know, and things like that." But here here, you know, she said, "I want you to hear this." Well, I got to listen to that. And when I listened to it, I thought, "Lord, have mercy." For I said, "If this is to be the closing sermon in that brother's meetings, I can tell you everybody walked out of there with their head down there probably underneath the carpet feeling so bad and terrible because you know why? It was preached as though that the Holy Ghost produces a glorified body. But that is not what the Holy Ghost has come to do. The token life comes on the inside to transform and change an individual and bring them into a place to where they're subject to the word and teachable. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Well, glory. &gt;&gt; Now, awful lot of freebies, but I'm not getting anywhere. But notice, but speaking the truth in love, &gt;&gt; may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ, from whom, watch this, the whole body fitly joined together, and compacted by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body unto the edifying of itself. self in love. So it's simply put as God works within our life, &gt;&gt; remember how the spirit of God will so take place in our lives as far as God will establish every one of these things in a very very small measure and the spirit of God moves in our life. But then for after that then here comes a growing within our lives. Brother Samuel, what are you saying? I I'm saying right here that your faith grows and it grows after you've been born again. Virtue grows. &gt;&gt; Patience grows. All of these things. When it says add to, it's speaking of increase. So you have God filling an individual with that of the new birth. And then it grows up unto him in all things. It's growing as a believer. It's pressing through each one of these parts that is moving through on this in this great stature of a perfect man. Notice unto the measure of the stature of his fullness. This is why that reality is our patience in serving God should be greater now than it was before. &gt;&gt; Virtue should be greater now than what it was before. You see, it's not just something, well, I got this and now I'm going to go after this and now I'm going to go after this and now I'm going to go after this. There's a movement that taught it in that way. And that's not what brother Brandham was saying whatsoever. Because if you place it that way, then you got brother Brandham standing at the end of Statue of Perfect Man and he don't even have the Holy Ghost. Because at the end of it, Brother Ram says, "With my hands up before this congregation, I pledge that I will not rest until I see every one of these virtues living through my life." &gt;&gt; And remember, remember, he said, "Without that," he said, "you cannot even start on this until you're born again." Because until you're born again, it's like trying to put peacock feathers in a blackbird. &gt;&gt; So, what does it have to do? It's got to be something that comes from the inside &gt;&gt; out. So charity, it's charity leads you. It'll always draw us upward. It draws us above that conditional love that that felio love, that conditional part that you and I came and were born with in this world. And everything's based on if if I like somebody and if I don't, If they do me good, they do me bad. You and I were born with that. Brother says there's there's some people in this earth that have these these virtues in a natural way, but it's got to come to where it's the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's got to be the spiritual virtue. It's got to be Christ working in our life. And this is why that Paul would write and say follow or pursue &gt;&gt; after charity and desire spiritual gifts. So nowhere did Paul say get rid of the gifts, but he said pursue or follow charity. If there's one thing that you're going to be pursuing in your life, let it be charity. &gt;&gt; Now watch how how brother Brandon will bring this about. He says, "Let God add to the church. Let God give to the church. Those gifts are in the church. Right in here this morning is gifts of speaking in tongues, gifts of prophecy. There's gifts of everything setting in here. But if you'll just not go to hanging after that gift. So even right in here tonight, remember brother Ram says those those church gifts, he said they meal throughout the body. It might be on this one tonight, never be on them again. &gt;&gt; Might be on this one over here. Church gifts are not the same thing as church offices. &gt;&gt; Church offices are predestinated of gifts that God has set within that man's life before even before when he comes he's born that gift already lays within his life. But here within these these gifts are right here within the church. But don't go hanging after them. He says if you do, you're going to get the gift without the giver. The thing of it is seek after God. Seek after love of God in your heart. And then as God wants you, he'll move you into whatever he wants you to do. That's it. That's how the church is put in order. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; so in other words, being a stewardship be available. Now, you know, being a stewardship is not just about having a clean life. That should be should be a testimony. But do you realize that even that is a person within a testimony that listen whether it's special singing and listen friends I believe in forgiveness. I believe there ought to be only one thing in the house of God. There ought to be forgiveness in the house of God. &gt;&gt; Is that right? But a stewardship itself is where that an individual whether or not that they've ever been used in a capacity of a gift, but even that much more to so that being within that place is not to allow anything to be tainted to where that Satan himself could come in such a way and say I don't have no confidence in that right there. That will not be the fault of the individuals who say I don't have no confidence. That is a stewardship that is committed to our lives. &gt;&gt; Ministers, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; church gifts, song leaders, &gt;&gt; those that sing specials, &gt;&gt; it's imperative not just in here, but on the outside, &gt;&gt; it's imperative that the character and what is on display that that's what makes listen friends, it's not even how great or how gifted a person is. That's not what really means that takes the emphasis. It's the character that's behind it. I'm talking about divine love. &gt;&gt; That's what matters. &gt;&gt; That's why that a person could say, "Well, nobody will hear me." But you have to look how is your character been. &gt;&gt; See, if your character is not matching out, listen, friends, there's a lot of these things I've learned as I've went down through the years and other things to be able to see that and to be able to see that over and over. It's things, you know, you see, but God brings them to you in even in a greater light. and to realize, wait a minute, we're not faulting people, but there's got to be a character that can actually be received. &gt;&gt; That's why there's things that even that, you know, even right here that I can know things and you know, I've had individuals say, "Brother Samuel, what about brother so and so and man, it'd be good to have brother so and so and this and that." So, don't get in your mind and try to start guessing it. But, you see, some of it is I don't ask for certain things. I don't ask to know things. But sometimes there's things that I that will come across your pathway and then know that maybe what and what a man has done. I believe God can forgive him. I believe God can give grace to override that. But if I hear that that man has caused trouble in another person's church and stepped out of the lane that God has called him to be in and wanted to somehow take in a way of a church like a pastorial type of a way when he's speaking. I listen friends. I wanted this is what I wait for. I'm not putting somebody in a picture frame to where all I can remember is their mistakes. I believe that God's grace is sufficient to give man grace to overcome. But I will say this right here that until that there has been a witness and I can see that that has actually grown within their life. And listen, if God allowed me to hear that, then God will also allow me to hear the testimony. When an individual has been big enough to say, "I was wrong and I overstepped the mark." I can have confidence in a man that's willing to repent. I'm going to tell you, to be able to repent, that's bride material. Because in this hour, there is so much of knowit all to where that there's no repentance and everything that's done and acting as though that well, we can just walk on by that. You'll never get any further with God until you repent of your wrong. &gt;&gt; So there's a stewardship to be available. &gt;&gt; Just like a meeting that I came out of. I finished ministering and preaching and here an individual breaks out speaking in tongues. Well, sorry. Broke right out in prophecy. Then I come to find out after that service. &gt;&gt; Sure. my you know I got done I was praying we were praying brothers to help me we were praying right there you know through different needs that were coming up but interesting what comes to find out is is that the individual itself I had no idea who this person was but this individual don't even go to church &gt;&gt; they sit home and just play tapes &gt;&gt; now I ain't got nothing wrong with playing tapes I believe in playing tapes &gt;&gt; but I also believe that the same voice on that tape is the same word that ties as a us for sake not to assemble yourselves together. That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, this is what I'm trying to say. You know what it was? I didn't know that. But everybody else sitting around in that community that this individual has also been one that has tracked people down in a parking lot and prophesied over this one and prophesied over this one. You're going to marry this one and this one's already engaged. &gt;&gt; Oh, wow. &gt;&gt; You see what happens? It's a loss of confidence. &gt;&gt; Yeah. a loss of confidence for because of a lack of stewardship. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm not looking down. I'm not looking down on that individual. It's evident there have no there's no headship there in their life. It's evident within their life and you know just meing around and like that. But I pray to God that the individual actually gets to a place to where that even a person can actually have a real confidence in may never be used again to speak in tongues or any of those things. But there has got to be a measure of confidence. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's true. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; It's like somebody running all around the place and everything else and gets up here to sing a special and say, "Well, I wonder why that everybody wouldn't receive that." &gt;&gt; I wonder. &gt;&gt; I wonder. I wonder. It's because the character. &gt;&gt; Can God repair characters? Absolutely. I've seen him do it. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Now notice this right here. Think of it. The way to have fellowship, brother Bram says, now where there is gifts, they'll bring confusion. Where there is gifts, they can be questioned, but where there is love, it is perfect. And if you had perfect love, you'd have perfect gifts. So work first with love that brings fellowship and fellowship brings gifts. &gt;&gt; So what's first? Love. &gt;&gt; Love will bring fellowship. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So here brother Random just like within Paul bringing to the right pursuit of all these other things. So you mean brother Samuel what what was how how would this be what would be an illustration of this? I'll tell you how it' be an illustration of this. If a man, I don't care if he's a preacher, I don't care if he seems to be a gifted individual. If there's things not right in his heart, there's grudges, there's everything else, he needs to lay that gift aside on the altar, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Lay everything else aside and be reconciled to the Lord, &gt;&gt; and reconciled then to your brother. Not just go and say, "Brother, I'm sorry that the gift so I can get right back into the stream of things." That that's the wrong objective. That's not really true reconciliation or repentance. It's like you going apologizing to your wife simply because you don't want your stomach growling. That ain't real true. That ain't a real true apology. Yeah. That's still selfishness, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Right. But when it's got to come from something from within our heart. &gt;&gt; So then within it, listen, if there's anything at all, this is where it brings it down to you and I as individuals evaluating our own life before the presence of almighty God. Listen friends, I wouldn't even want to come sit in here if there's things that's in my heart. Do you realize if you come and sit in here with things in your heart and not allow the spirit of God to go to work on your life, you can hinder somebody from getting a real touch from Almighty God. Well, brother Samuel, it's because so and so offended me. Do you think that that's going to hold up before the throne of God? You'll give an account for that what took place within that service. I didn't say you're going to hell, but you will give an account of it before the judgment seat of Christ. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you friends, I we don't want to live our lives with him that way. We want to live our lives free. We want to come in here as free people. Come on now. We don't want to come in here with bringing and bartering and Lord, I've got a right for this and right for that. We may have all of our rights, but God, let the love of God be what we are seeking after. &gt;&gt; Amen. I read to you a number of quotes months ago where the prophet said if God gave me the choice he said I'll give you every gift or I'll give you what's in your life right now or I'll give you that of d divine love. He said I wouldn't have to think twice about it. &gt;&gt; I will take divine love. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. Now think of this. Listen. You think brother Bam's saying something here and what I what I'm saying this is not according to the word the prophet himself even said he even he even stands in transparency before us multiple times through the years &gt;&gt; but more specifically there in 63 when he had got to a place where he had got to such a place he said can you imagine that a man could get to a place that would see people going over the falls and turn and laugh. &gt;&gt; Come on. I'm not making up words. Standing in the gap. &gt;&gt; The prophet said, "That's where I am. &gt;&gt; That's where I am." What had happened? He had lost &gt;&gt; the feeling for the people. &gt;&gt; And he tells us in that message, I'm just going to stay around here and and preach a little bit. Every message after that, humble thyself. Then, you know, he he's telling us all the way through even through July of 63, he's working working out that complex within his life. And he says in humble thyself, he says, "I I can't," he said, "I I I just can't go out there to him because I don't feel right." &gt;&gt; And if I don't feel right, I can't help him. &gt;&gt; You understand what what the prophet was doing? He was honest with the man he saw in the mirror. Right. &gt;&gt; Now, I don't know about you, but the mirrors in my house don't have pictures of everybody else. &gt;&gt; Anybody else got mirrors like that? You might have picture frames. You might have picture frames that got reflections and you can kind of see yourself if the light hits it right away. But if you go to looking in the mirror, there's only one person you're going to see and that's yourself. &gt;&gt; And that's why, listen friends, when the word's being preached, we ain't looking at a picture frame. &gt;&gt; We ain't looking at who's behind us. It's us taking inventory of our own lives. &gt;&gt; We can look at it and say, "Well, you know, I'm not going to accept that. That's our choice." But the love of God in our hearts and how the spirit of God would draw upon our lives, Lord, I want to pursue after the love of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Notice in thirsting for life, brother said that if the Pentecostal church would only satisfy thirst in God instead of trying to follow some evangelist, some emotion or some little ism or some little sensation, how much better off it'd be. See, God doesn't want somebody's experience, your experience or my experience. He don't want it tied to some personality. &gt;&gt; God don't want your experience tied to an emotion. &gt;&gt; We believe in emotion, don't we? &gt;&gt; We believe in sensations. But God doesn't want your experience tied to that. Now, let me just say this right now. If there was an individual having problems or difficulties, just like the prophet looked at the one individual with a birth path and saw how that the stars and everything, how they were born under, how their makeup would be and they were praying, "Brother Bram, as let God let God uh let me speak in tongues just so I know I got the Holy Ghost." And brother Bram said they were a dandy person with the Holy Ghost. He said, 'But I would not teach that out there because I'd have people running after that instead of after the reality. He said, but this person already had an experience with God. He says, I could see that, but he asked God to let them speak in tonesues so that they would have grounds to at least stand on. Let me just tell you something. It was not speaking in tonesues that brought rest in their life. But it became the conduit for the Holy Spirit to bring them to a reality of the rest they were already in. &gt;&gt; You understand what I'm saying? So I I I'll just say it like this. I I I do believe that there's things and requests that maybe a person could make, but you know what? God in his grace, I believe God can satisfy those requests with one objective. To bring the individual to a place of settleness that God can bring them to a place of real rest in their life. &gt;&gt; I believe that. Don't you? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You can't put God in a box. And I thank God for the example he gave us through the prophet in this in this end time. Now, so so notice he said you'd follow the Holy Spirit in divine love instead of sensations and little gifts and things like that. How much better off you'd be. God don't want you to run after gifts. He wants you to thirst after him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, let me just Yeah, there's no way I'm not going to get this done, &gt;&gt; but let me just let me just tap into this first part a little here. How that God's love, what a marvelous thing, that he would give his life for the unlovable, &gt;&gt; and that the love of God would come down and and and through his working bring redemption in our lives and tabernacle himself in our life. The love of God through redeemed vessels. vessels that Paul said in the book of Titus. Our address was once hatred. &gt;&gt; It's what Paul said in Titus. We lived there &gt;&gt; in hatred and malice and those types of things. That's where that's because that's where our first nature was tied. But look what the love of God has done upon our life. He lets you know who you are. Let you know the rights that belong to you. And through all of that, your life begin to yield. You begin to surrender. And look what he has done and is doing in your life right now. The love of God through redeemed vessels. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lives that God that my goodness might have been the unreest always, you know, the, you know, big mouths and running everybody and this and that. And listen, God took John. John was a man that man, when things didn't go his way, he was ready to call fire down from heaven. &gt;&gt; He had scriptures, buddy. Shall we do like Elijah did? And Jesus turned to him and said, "You don't know what spirit you're of." &gt;&gt; He never said that, John, you're you're not one of my disciples, but the spirit that was on him in that moment. But you read over and later on there was a change that came into John's life. &gt;&gt; Amen. So notice Jesus said, "A new commandment I give you. That you love one another as I have loved you." &gt;&gt; That ye also love one another. And by this shall all men know that you are my disciples. if you have love one to another. Now, I want you to think of this here for a moment because there's a great difference, brother Brandham. We'll we'll take this from the scriptures over and over between that. Remember when the conversation between Jesus and Peter, lovest thou me? And &gt;&gt; and Peter could only respond according to the depth of love that he had experienced in his own life. I feel thee. But Jesus wasn't asking him, do you feel? He's asking, do you agape? Right? &gt;&gt; See, this is why you and I could not agape him that unconditional love. We couldn't do that without that love being imparted to us. &gt;&gt; See, we couldn't answer that. Now, listen to me now. Jesus, he said that you would love one another as I have loved you. As that's a tall task. That's a tall task. I want you to think about it. God who is perfect, &gt;&gt; holy, sinless, became one of us that he might experience all the things we go through, experience all the temptations. &gt;&gt; And not only that, Brother Brian, but his own disciples, here they are coming out of a good meeting and his own disciples are debating on who's going to be the greatest. Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; That's called being aggravated. &gt;&gt; He was it show what was it that displayed itself? The love of God. &gt;&gt; He was tempted to show himself forward. He was tempted among that of the disciples. And here they are and greatness and what they're looking at. And Jesus takes a little one. They they looked at this little one. And they said, "Come on, we don't got time for little things like this. We got to be talking about the deep things. &gt;&gt; Without the little things, &gt;&gt; the deep things don't have no power." &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; So he came brought a little child and said, "Except you become as that." Let me just say this. Jesus said through Paul, he said in ch in he said in malice be children but in men be understanding. &gt;&gt; So there's things that when we look at it with with the love of God, this is what even the maturing in our lives is coming into that of that capstone &gt;&gt; of divine love. So God bringing us up into all of these things. Charity is always leading us upward when we're pursuing after that. And listen, let me just say this to you. Do you realize as I'm talking about this tonight and being pursuing after charity? Brother Aaron, this isn't something that you get around on the table and you sit down and you clench up your fist and I'm going to pursue after charity. I'm going to pursue after charity. I'm going to make uh this day this day is going to be a charity day. You know when you pursue after charity is when adversity strikes &gt;&gt; and it begins to touch you. Certain things begin to touch just that feeling of love. certain things want to try to catch and and that's where you have to die more to self &gt;&gt; letting the the the love of God come forth or as Paul wrote in Colossians and Ephesians putting on the new man sinking in to that garment &gt;&gt; those are situations that we would like to escape from. We would like to escape offenses. We'd like to escape tests and try. We'd like to escape that, right? Everybody would. Let's just be honest. But God allows those things to come about for the purpose that charity might prevail in our life. Or even when you're prayed for and you're waiting on an answer, &gt;&gt; no answers come. Lord, it's one week from the surgery. Now, if you've made a condition as far as I am not going to go through this surgery, now if you've got a direct word from the Lord, you obey that word. &gt;&gt; But if you don't have a direct word from the Lord, you're only pursuing. &gt;&gt; Because I want to remind you, healing itself is always a miracle. Can we take the words of the prophet believe in God preached in 1952 right over here in Erie Pennsylvania. God performs miracles through surgeries. God performs miracles through medicine. But see in our mind we prefer giving a testimony that oh this was going on but God healed me. And the church glory to God by the power of God. and somebody else goes to stand up and they figured, "Oh, no use to give my testimony. I've had to go through the surgery." And maybe somebody else sitting right in the congregation didn't even have to go through that surgery. You know what that's called? Sovereignty. &gt;&gt; Did you hear me? That's called sovereignty. It's not called, "Oh, I mustered up so much faith and there was so You know what that's called? That's called bragging." &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; that's called pride. Right. &gt;&gt; Homemade pride. There's some homemade recipes I like, but pride, that stuff is rancid. Oh, it will affect you. And man, I mean, it's one of those things at a church dinner, it can make everybody sick. &gt;&gt; Are you with me now? &gt;&gt; My my my loved you. &gt;&gt; Well, I'll tell you, you know what? When we read it like that and look at it as I to the same degree, to the same measure, I can raise both of my hands and say, "Lord, I need help. &gt;&gt; I need more of you." &gt;&gt; And the more of it is is I there's even more confession to come out of my life. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, this whole thing, let me let me just let me just leave you right here tonight. This is where this difference comes in between like and love. You see, among these disciples, they were as different as night was from day. &gt;&gt; Remember, brother Ram tells us in things that ought to be, he said, if you tried to judge Peter by Andrew, you'd put one of them out. &gt;&gt; Things that ought to be, he says, God's a God of variety, right? Our temperaments are different. Our personalities are different. And God said it that way, as he puts it in Ephesians 4. there. All those things are set differently. Now, just stay bear with me here just a moment and I'll close on this. There's individuals that God places here as we come together as a body. Oh, I know we think, man, I want everybody that I go to church with to be somebody that I like. I want to like everybody. Oh, brother Samuel, I do. Uh, be honest now. I'm not taking you out of that verse. But the love of God, even though personalities, differences in temperament, now listen to me. The love of God will not detest &gt;&gt; an individual. &gt;&gt; That's right. may not like God never asked every one of us to be best buddies but neither did God give us a writing and say you know what you can be a part of this assembly go live on an island cuz you can't stand everybody else no God's got a remedy for not being able to stand everybody else it's called the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; it's called the love of God &gt;&gt; that'll actually push through your life and to where that you look beyond their temperament you look beyond their personality that's what the love of God did for you and I. It looked beyond our unlovableness. It looked beyond our temperament. It looked beyond all of that and looked beyond that. And the love of God was projected to you and I. So God never ever ever set it up that all of a sudden we'd all be gathered together. And man, to really express divine love, it's got to be everybody's personality that I like. Well, there wouldn't be no test and proving grounds &gt;&gt; for divine love. &gt;&gt; But God knows the proving grounds we need. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And let me say this to you as well. Within these proving grounds, let's stand. I'm not going to keep going. Within these proving grounds, we're tried. Right? &gt;&gt; Are you going to continue to be around only those that you like fellowship dinners? Lord, maybe we should start putting out numbers. Oh, brother Samuel, that that wouldn't be really. How many how many quotes? How many quotes? Brother Bram talks about you've been around people. Oh, you just love to be around the atmosphere. Then he said, there's others. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Now listen to me, Brother Bram. In every one of those quotes, Brother Ram's not talking about well somebody's born again or somebody's not born again. That's not what he's talking about. &gt;&gt; There are differences that are among us. &gt;&gt; How many times Brother Bram says, "My my brother likes apple pie and I like cherry." I like both. I like both with some good good vanilla green ice cream. &gt;&gt; Right. I might I mean I love apple crisp. I'll take apple crisp any day of the week over chocolate cake or anything else. Now, you might look at that and say, "No, I'd rather have this or I'd rather have that." That's differences. But you see how the spirit of God listen why didn't if God wanted it to be I'll tell you what I'll tell you what you you know what let's just let's go interview a church. You take your clipboard and you go interview a church and let's just see how much it meets your criteria and see. I'll guarantee you within every assembly God has all the differences. Why would God do it that way? Perfect &gt;&gt; because of the opportunity for divine love to come to perfection &gt;&gt; in our lives &gt;&gt; to where there is a group of people that even though maybe our personalities and temperaments are as different from night to day but that is not the focus. Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; It's not becomes the focus. Oh, I tell you that person's personality. Well, your personality may be like that towards them. &gt;&gt; But I think all of our personalities need sweetening of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; And you know what? It don't matter. We might we have our differences, but it's to understand that very thing. So, I'm not trying the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit never came here to all of a sudden make Sister Naomi's personality just like Sister Brownings or Sister Caroline. That's not what God came to do. The Holy Ghost don't do that. &gt;&gt; That's not So, if if somehow we're thinking that, we're thinking wrong. That's right. That's right. &gt;&gt; Well, I tell you, when the Holy Ghost comes, I'm going to keep house like so and so. No, you'll still have to make decisions about how you keep house. &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost don't come in your life and all of a sudden the Holy Spirit makes you my I can work with my hands like brother Aaron. I can man go right through there and schedule. I can do that. My I can put drywall like brother Carlos. You are crazy. That's not what the Holy Ghost come to do. &gt;&gt; No. But the Holy Ghost, he comes in your life to change your life and to reflect his will through your life. &gt;&gt; And that's a choice that we make. &gt;&gt; I pray God help us. &gt;&gt; God give us grace. If there's one thing, friends, I believe that we could use as an assembly is a real rededication. &gt;&gt; I believe that a real pursuing in the right things. Lord, help me. Help me to help me to go beyond that. We don't want just our own little boundaries on things. &gt;&gt; We want to go beyond. Friends, I listen. I'm not trying to push you into anything. I'm not trying to project. I'm just trying to say that you're not going to have your own little click in heaven. &gt;&gt; You're not going to have your own little pod. Let me just tell you something. What heaven's going to be, it's going to be where all of those things that have been our button pushers and unlikes and personalities, let me just tell you something. yours will be changed, too. This is why we need more than just to be young people again. Because if we were young people again, we'd be in the same mess we are right now. That's why the rapture is a promise of a change completely. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But remember what the rapture is. It's character &gt;&gt; that has come to a place of harvesting in our life. And the prophet said it'll be a transplanting &gt;&gt; in that new body. &gt;&gt; That right in this this vessel &gt;&gt; that once hatred was common things somebody does me wrong. I never forget that man. I mark that down. Got this offense that offense that offense tally this offense that offense. This is where we live because that that's what this is made up of. &gt;&gt; That's right. Remember when the prince of God got thick down in the garden of Eden? Oh my, think about it. Adam was willing to stand out there and he was willing to take his bride and take her to himself. But as the prince of God got very got real thick, it showed up the condition even that he had become in. He said, "Lord, the woman you gave me, &gt;&gt; wow, how things changed. But you know why that changed? Because Adam separated himself from divine love to be united with his wife. &gt;&gt; And that's where that very thing come from. You know how it happens when you can't overlook one another's faults and mistakes? You know what the prophet said? He said, "You've separated from divine love." Not divine love separated from you. you separated from it. I say, "Oh God, &gt;&gt; we want to pursue the right things." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Pursuing the right thing. &gt;&gt; Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, how we thank you for your mercy this evening. Our hearts, Lord, I Oh God, our hearts are challenged, Lord. Lord Jesus, help us, Lord. I pray this Lord great achievement Lord that you will bring to pass &gt;&gt; you are bringing to pass in our lives Lord how it becomes so becomes so apparent I can do nothing without you Lord there's no way Lord that your prophet would even talk about what took place with the bull the maniac and other things. He said, "It's not something that can be mentally worked up, but he said it in these words." He said, "It's something that God has to give. It's sovereign." Lord, I believe we can go to you tonight and we can see our needs and we can look to you, Lord, as sovereign God. Maybe there's a situation, maybe there's a need in our life. Maybe there's something, Lord, that Father, you would bring to our attention and we realize we we can't go any further until we get that resolved. I believe Lord that the love of God is here cuz your desire is for us Lord to press onward and upward. Help us Lord. I pray father if there's one here under the sound of my voice or would be streaming this service Lord God has not received that of the love of God in their soul. Lord they've experienced your love breaking over upon their spirit and my how Lord in their mind it would just Lord God so seem to satiate. But just after some time out from your presence, they find the same things in their life that was before. Lord God, I pray tonight. May they just Lord look to you and say, "Father, I want to go to that fountain that Lord God, the same one that Oh my Lord, it's been wonderful service after service, but Lord God, I want the satisfier down on the inside of my soul. I want that seal of the spirit of God, the love of God that even when I don't understand [Music] when situations arrive, friends forsake me, that there's a love that holds me. When temptation comes my way and my flesh is pulled, my mind is pulled. Oh God, the love of God holds. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord God, grant it tonight. Lord, I believe, Lord God, that this is a special service. It's special because you've called it and you're here. That's what makes every service special. Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; And we've gathered here as your children, Lord, to worship you, to hear from your word, [Music] as you brought through Brother Isaac on Sunday to look and live. Look beyond conditions. Look beyond circumstances. Look beyond defenses. Look beyond all of these things and look away to Jesus. Lord God, oh the love of God, what greater power. As your prophet said, there's not a stronger force upon the earth. How the love of God, Lord Jesus, help us, Lord, as a body, as a local body, Lord God, even Lord God, in the larger scale, as a bride body, help us Lord, for truly the love of God, Lord Jesus, we need more, Lord. In reality, Lord God, we need less of ourselves. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh God, we could pursue after a lot of things in this life. Lord, Paul would write to the Corinthians and your prophet would pick it up over and over clear to the closing messages and admonish us as believers. He would say in the message of prisoner, do not judge your life by miracles or supernatural happenings, but always judge your life by how much of the fruit of the spirit is being expressed through your life. Help us Lord. Help us Lord. Dear God, this is a a task that you've laid out that there's absolutely no way that a human is able to do this in our own capacity. It can be nothing more than divine love. Help us, Lord, if you could admonish all through the Thessalon church, Philippians, Colossians, on and on of how that their love would abound, grow, increase. Then I believe, Lord God, you're speaking to us. We want to grow up into you in all things. Our faith and our faith, Lord, faith would grow. virtue would grow, patience, temperance, on and on. Lord, we keep growing, Lord God, till one day, one moment when that capstone Lord itself sets down and then the body is lifted out of here. It'll be the climax to the working of the Holy Spirit bringing sons and daughters into full adoption. &gt;&gt; Oh God, the adoption is working in our lives right now. The spirit of adoption to bring us Lord to that place. Help us Lord. Help us Lord God. How we love you. &gt;&gt; How we appreciate you, Father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We trust you Lord in Jesus precious name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Want to be more like you. Sure. Lord, I want to be more like you. Jesus, I Lord want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you can't work through. So, oh, want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be more like you. Yes, Lord. Jesus, I Oh, I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you can't work through. Oh, I want to be more like you, &gt;&gt; Jesus. I Lord want to be more like you. &gt;&gt; I want to be more like you, Lord. Jesus. Oh, Lord God, &gt;&gt; I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you can work through. Oh Lord, I want to be more like you. Oh Jesus, I just want to be more like you. Jesus, I Lord want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel that can work through. Oh Lord, I want to be more thy. Oh, I want to be a vessel you can work through. So I want to be more like you. Hallelujah. Yes. Hallelujah. Won't you just love him? &gt;&gt; Just appreciate him. Appreciate his mercy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's been so good to be together. It's so good to see each and every one of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't know. I look on the video and I can see you sometimes when they'll scan the audience for me. Sometimes they don't do a real good job on that one, but I like seeing and like seeing you. &gt;&gt; I think one day we're going to spend eternity together. won it at one day. Praise &gt;&gt; God. &gt;&gt; What a privilege that's going to be. &gt;&gt; All the toils of this life, they'll be finished. And every bit of the pressing through it all will be worth it. It's worth it now. You know that. But it'll stand there on that day and say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord." Amen. Ain't God so good? Oh, hallelujah. What a what a what a what a clarity. What a direction in our lives. Amen. Let's just sing it one more time before we go. Oh, I want to be more like you, my &gt;&gt; Jesus. I Jesus, I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel. &gt;&gt; Want to be a vessel, Lord. I want to be more like you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Can we sing it just one more time? Oh Lord, I I want to be more like you. &gt;&gt; Want to be more like you, Lord. Jesus singing out. I just want to be more like you. It's my desire. Oh, I want to be a vessel that you can. Oh, Lord, I want to be more like you. Lord, I want to be a vessel. can't work through. So I want to be more like you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Brother Sean, forgive me for giving you a hard time back there. I appreciate all that all that they do back there. I tell you when there when one's not there, you should have seen that that time when when everybody was at TWT. And I I'm glad I'm glad everybody was at the meetings, different ones were there. But I'm telling you, everybody that was back there and Brother Sean was pulling like double duty, triple duty. Brother Gabriel, I tell you, may it make you thankful. Makes you thankful for having a song leader. &gt;&gt; I thank God for his mercy. Don't you? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you as you go your separate ways. Amen. Let's just take these things with us in our hearts. Amen. God bless you, saints, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Well, I just want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel. you can't work through. So I I just want to be more like you. Jesus, I want to be more like you. Oh Jesus, [Music] I just want [Music] want to be more like you, Lord. Oh, I want to be the vessel you can't work through. So I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be the vessel you can work through. So I want to be more like you. Well, this
