################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - A Seat at the King's Table - Boaz Romero - Boaz Romero.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   A Seat at the King's Table - Boaz Romero
Speaker: Boaz Romero
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2p90x5rfgQ
========================================

Yes. More than ever before, Lord, I need you more than ever before. I've got to tell you I love you now more than ever before. Say of course once again more than ever before. More than ever before. Lord, I love you. Yes, Lord. more than ever before. Lord, I need [Music] you more than ever before. I've got to tell you, I love you now more than ever. [Music] [Applause] before I sing in Spanish this morning. Say you're [Music] [Music] Say I'm a [Music] Oh, that sounds real beautiful. Let's sing it in Spanish just once again. [Music] Amen. Oh yes. [Music] Sora [Music] [Applause] [Music] sor And let's all sing this morning. Let's sing with all our hearts. More than I root for, more than ever before. Lord, I love you. Yes, Lord. We love you, Lord, more than ever before. Lord, I need you. Yes, Lord Jesus. It's more than ever before. I've got to tell [Music] you that I love you now. More than ever before and more than ever before. I've just got Lord. We got to tell you we love you now. More than ever before. Hallelujah. Oh yes. More than ever before. Amen. Lord, we love you. Amen. Aren't you glad that you can say that with your with all your heart this morning? Amen. Amen. That we have that privilege. Amen. Amen. As sons and daughters of God. Amen. Just to worship the Lord in spirit and truth and just to love on him more. Amen. I just want to do that this morning. How many wants to rededicate themselves to the Lord? Amen. Amen. That's certainly our heart's prayer, our heart's desire. Amen. Praise God. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God once again. Good to be with brothers and sisters like Precious Faith. How many enjoyed How many enjoyed the service on Thursday night? Amen. That was real wonderful. Amen. just really appreciate the presence of God and just brother Brandon for yielding yielding himself to God. We just pray that the same Lord God that was here on Thursday will be with us this morning. Amen. Do you believe that? Amen. Amen. Also just want to say it's good to have visitors with us this morning. We're glad to have visitors from all the way from New York City. Brother Ivonne. Amen. God bless you [Applause] all. Amen. We certainly would like to welcome each and everyone this morning to the house of the Lord. Amen. May we just have just a few prayer requests this morning. How many knows that we serve a God that's able to meet each and every need? Amen. There's nothing too great or there's nothing too hard for our Lord. Amen. Amen. So thankful for Amen. that he's with us this morning. Amen. This is um from brother and sister Gomez says prayer for Lindo. Linda Dvilla the Lord knows. Amen. So remember Amen. from Linda Dvilla this morning that God would just be with her and touch her this morning. This is um prayers for our Sunday school class this week. We will go in the book of Galatians 5:22 and 23. And also PS parents, Eagle's Nest is the name of our Sunday school. Amen. So appreciate Amen. the Sunday school. Amen. Appreciate what they do up there. Amen. God bless them richly. This is uh from sister Naomi says, "Prayers prayer for my children and my son needs to be delivered of depression." Amen. The Lord knows. Amen. God certainly knows that need. Amen. He cares all about that. Amen. He certainly does. He's our deliverer. Amen. Certainly [Music] is. Amen. This is prayers for Sister Barb Hannah. She had to work today. So remember our sister in prayer. she would know she would love to be here. We just pray that God just be with her this morning. This is a healing for uh sister Stephanie. She has seasonable coughing. So remember our sister in prayer that God would just be with her and touch her this morning. Also this is from brother Bill says for my sister Norma uh for her pain on her shoulder where she had surgery. Amen. So remember brother Bill, sister Norma that God just be with her, give her and touch her and give her strength this morning. Amen. How many has a needed hand? Amen. Amen. I'd like to ask brother Ivonne, Amen, if you would come at this time and take these prayer requests for the Lord. Amen. We certainly appreciate our brother. Amen. And his ministry. Amen. Good to have him with us this morning. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother. Let's bow our heads to pray. Father, Lord, listening to the request to we realize, Father, that everywhere we go, Lord, around the world, Father, in this country, every church, we have the same same devil afflicting the people, Lord, and a need for healing, Lord, deliverance from depression. Father, these things are so common in this age we live in. We ask you, Father God, because we know that you are also a universal God. your deliver delivery and our healer. Lord, we ask you to let the sweet anointing of the Holy Spirit go to those that are in need. Father, heal them, oh God. Deliver them of oppression, Father. Oh Lord, deliver us all, oh God, of routine religion. Lord, bring us, oh God, into a personal relationship with you, Father. Make it more real to us, Lord. I pray, Father. Oh God, to let the God of the Bible, Father, manifest himself in our lives, oh God, in every situation, Father, we pray in Jesus name. Amen. Bless you, brother. Thank you, brother Von. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Amen. Why don't you turn around and shake someone's hand, agree with the name of the Lord. Amen. Some you're glad to see him at church this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This brothers comes to take the tithes and offerings in it. You can have your seats as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many is ready to have church this morning? How many is ready to have a good time in the presence of God? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Amen. How many can say that God's been good to you this morning? Amen. Amen. Oh well Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh my Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Let's sing once again. Oh well, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh yes, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh, you've had done what this world could not do. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. Lord, you saved my soul when I was so lost. Surely been good to me. All you have done. Oh hallelujah. Sing Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh yes, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely. Oh yes, he has. Lord, Lord, Lord, oh Jesus, Lord, you have done what this world could not do. You heal my body. Oh, you healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. Oh, you healed my body when I was so sick. You surely been good to me. Oh yes, Lord. You healed my body when I was so sick. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for healing us all. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost, Lord. You surely been good to me. Oh, you fill me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been Oh yeah. Oh, is he good to you this morning? Amen. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, oh Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh yes. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh yes. Lord, you surely been good to me, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. Oh yes. [Music] Surely been good to me, oh Lord. You healed my body when I was so sick. Surely been Oh, you have done what this world could not do. You saved my soul. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me, oh Lord. Oh, you surely did. Oh, you have done what this world could not do. Fill me with, oh Lord, you fill me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. Oh, you fill me with the Holy Ghost. Oh, aren't you glad for the Holy Ghost this morning. Fill me with the Holy Ghost. Oh, you have done what this world could not do a single more time. Oh well. Lord, Lord, Lord, oh Jesus, surely been good to me. I'm so glad that Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh well, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, good. You have done what this world could not do. Oh Lord, you've done what this world could not do. Oh, hallelujah. I make it say that God's been good to you this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Even we don't deserve it, he's still good to us. Amen. Amen. I just, you know, I just had a I probably shouldn't say it, but I just turned 25 this past Friday. I know that seems old. No, not maybe not really. But I can tell you, I can testify that being here for 25 years that God's been good to me. Amen. I think we can all say the same. Amen. Our God's been good to us. He's faithful. Amen. And he's good all the time. Praise God. Amen. Let's sing a song. God is good. You know he is. He's good all the time. God is good. You know he is. Amen. Amen. You can search this whole world over. No greater friend you'll find but him. Amen. Amen. Help us sing it this morning. Oh well, God is good. You know he is well. He's good all the time. I can testify God is good. Yes, he is well. He's good all the time. Oh, you can search the whole world over. or a friend like him, you'll never find. Oh yes, Lord. I know that he's not good just once in a while, but my God's good all the time. Amen. Help me sing it now. Oh, God is good. You know he is well. He's good all the time. Oh, I can tell you God is good. Yes, he is. Well, he's good all the time. Oh, you can search the whole world over. Oh, yes. And friend like him, you will never find. Oh yes, I know that he's not good just once in a while. No, but he's good all the time. Well, I know God is good. I know he is. Yes. Good all the time. I know God is good. Yes, he is. Oh, [Music] yes. Oh, think about it. He put food on your table when you did not even have a dime. Oh, hallelujah. for He's not good. Just once in a while. Oh, but God's good. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, well, God is good. I know he is. Oh, yeah. Good old time. I know God is good. Yes, he is. I know. Oh, you can search this whole world over a friend like him. You will never find. Oh yes, Lord. He's not good. Just once in a while, but my God's good all. Oh, let's see one more time. Well, God is good. You know, he is church. He's good. Not just once in a while, but all the time. God is good. Yes, he is. Hallelujah. Oh, I can search this whole world over. A friend like him, I can never find. Oh yes, Lord. He's not good just once in a while. But I God's good all the time. I can tell you he's not good just once in a while, but God's good all the time. Oh yes, Lord. You're so good to us all the time. Lord Jesus, you're a faithful Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing that song this morning. How great thou art. Amen. Amen. He our God is greatly to be praised. Amen. We serve a mighty big God this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Help us sing it if you know it. Oh Lord my God. When I in awome wonder, when I consider all, yes, the world thy hands have made. Oh, when I see the stars. Oh, when I see the stars and I hear the rolling thunder. All thy power [Music] throughout the merc display. Well, then sings my soul. Then sings my soul, my save. your God to thee. Oh, how great. Oh, how great thou [Music] are. How great thou are. Oh, he's greatly to be praised and sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou art. Yes, Lord. How great thou are. Oh, let's sing this verse now. Oh, and when I think that God his son not sparing. Oh, think about that this morning. Send him to die. I scare can't take it. Oh yes. Thank you Jesus. Oh that on that cross my burden that we bearing. [Music] Oh, give and die just to take away my sin. Oh, what a savior this morning. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. Oh, how great. How great. Oh, how great Lord you really are. How great thou are. And sings. Oh, then sings my soul. Oh my savior, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. How great you are. How great thou are. Oh, this is our verse now. Oh, when Christ shall come. Hallelujah. Oh, with shout of acclamation. This is what he's going to do for us. Oh, he's going to take me home. Oh, what joy, what joy shall fill my heart. Oh, this is what we're going to do. Oh, then I shall bow in humble adoration. Amen. We can even do that now this morning. Oh, and there proclaim. Oh my God, how great thou are. Oh, that sings then sings my soul. Sings my soul. Oh my savior God unto thee. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. How great. Oh, you're great, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, you are so great to me. Oh, then sings my soul. Oh my s my savior God to [Music] thee. How great thou are. Oh how great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou are, how great thou are. And I'm lost without you. my Lord. And I I'm desperate. I'm desperate for you, my Lord. Oh, and [Music] I I'm lost, Lord. I'm lost without [Music] you, my Lord. Let's sing. This is the air I breathe. Amen. Oh Lord, this is the air I breathe. Oh Lord, this is the air I breathe. Amen. Your holy presence, Lord, your holy presence, holy living in me, my daily bread. Amen. Let's sing this now. Oh, this is my daily bread. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. This is my daily breath. Your very word it's spoken spoken to me. Oh, and I for I'm desperate for you, my Lord. Oh, and I I'm lost, Lord. I'm lost without you. I'm desperate for you, Lord. Oh, and I I'm desperate. I'm desperate for you. Yes, Lord, my Lord. Oh, and I are lost. Lord, I'm lost without you, my Lord. Amen. Let's sing him once again. Amen. Let's just worship, Lord, just for a little bit. This is the air. Oh, this is the air I breathe. Oh yes, Lord. And you gave us that, Lord. For this is the air I breathe. Your holy presence or your holy presence living inside of me [Music] living. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, this is my daily bread. Yes, it is Lord. Hallelujah. is my daily prayer. [Music] Your very word, oh Lord, spoken to me. [Music] Oh, I'm desperate for you. For you, my Lord. Oh, and [Music] I I'm lost. I'm lost without you, my Lord. One more time. And [Music] I Yes, Lord. I'm desperate for you. Oh, yes, Lord. We're desperate for you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, and I [Music] Oh Lord, I'm lost without you. Oh Lord, yes, I'm lost without you. Oh Lord, yes, Lord, I'm lost without you. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We're desperate for you, Lord. Oh, Lord. How we need you this morning, Lord God. How we love you, Lord. Oh, we're desperate for you, Lord. He knows my name. He counts the stars one and all. Amen. Let's sing this as brother Boaz comes this morning. Amen. He knows my name. Aren't you glad he knows your name this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. He counts the stars one and on. He knows how much sand is on the shore. He sees every sparrow that falls. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything of all creatures great and small. And he knows my name. Every step that I take, yes, Lord. Every move that I make, every tear that I cry, Lord, you know my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. But I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. Oh, I like this right here. Oh, I don't know what tomorrow may bring. I can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. We may not have all the answers. I don't have all the answers to the questions of my life. But I know but I know in whom I heaven believe and he knows my name. Let's all stand this morning. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry. Oh, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. Oh, I know I'll be just fine. He sign knows my name. Let's sing that second verse just one more time. Don't know. Oh, I don't know what tomorrow may bring. I can't tell you what's in store. I know a lot of things, but I don't have all the answers to the questions of my life. Oh, but I know in whom I have believe that Jesus knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, and Jesus knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by my pain, I can't see the light of day. Well, I know I'll be just fine. He knows my name. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] There's only one purpose that we [Music] have already out there channels that God Amen. is once again Lord your children Lord some of them Lord some of them hurt you Lord but we know We know that you are the one that can bring healing, that can bring deliverance. Lord, we're just so grateful for that morning that we have a confidence that we we have a hope, [Music] Father. Father, but we have a living hope, Father. And you are that we're so grateful for that, Father, that we can of grace that in the time of trouble father we can find mercy we're grateful this morning as we speak this morning or it's not us but it is you that we can bring the word of eternal life that's father our thoughts our actions our words what you want for here to be encouraged to be corrected to be walking. Amen. We love you, Jesus. And as we read your word, may the words that we're going to read, Father, may help someone [Music] may in the name of Lord. Amen. So if you have your Bibles, let's go to the book of [Music] Romans. How many are grateful that he knows your name? He knows our name. And and that's the the the beauty of the gospel when when we know that we know that he know we know that he knows us. Amen. So book of Romans chapter 9 verse 21. Amen. If you if you have your Bibles and if you if you if you have it, you can say amen. If not, I think it's here on the screen. But it says, "Had not the potter uh the p power over the clay of the same lump to make one vessel of unto honor and another unto dishonor." What if God willing to show his wrath and to make his power known and there with much long suffering the vessels of wrath uh fitted to destruction and that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy which he had afford prepared unto glory even us whom he had called not of the Jews only but also of the Gentiles It's a question. As he had said also in Oayas, I will call them my people which were not my people and her beloved which was not and I will call I will call I will call her beloved which was not beloved. And it shall come to pass that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my people. There there shall they be called the children of the living God. I think we can close our Bibles and we can we can leave this morning. Amen. Is also crith concerning Israel uh though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea as a remnant shall be saved for he will finish the work and cut it short in righteousness because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth. Amen. You can you may have your seats and then if we go to the book of Psalms chapter 20 23:5 the book of Psalms 23 verse 5 and it says thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil and my cup runth over. Amen. So, uh, as I was saying, it's good to be in the house of the Lord and we may read another scripture here, but like, let's let's kind of do the introduction here. So, um, you know, your pastor text me and, uh, it's like, would you like to come and speak for us? And I was like, yeah. I didn't hesitate to say yes or not. You say, yeah, I'll be there. So, um, it's always good to be here. And, uh, good, you know, old friends. I was seeing uh Zach. I remember when I started coming here, it was so almost 13 years ago. So I saw him today. He's like, "How old are you?" I was like, "He's like 16." I was like, "Whoa." When I met him, he was just three years old. That little guy that was always with Sister Pat and brother James, always following them everywhere they went. And I remember coming to visit and I will always stay at the Browning's house and and he was there with grandpa and grandma always. Amen. So, but it's good to be here and and and it seems that you know the more we uh we're getting old. Amen. But we're closer and closer to uh to our theophony. Amen. And uh it's it's just to be good in in the fellowship uh you know with the believers. Amen. Is uh it's always a privilege. And uh this morning uh by God's grace um I would like to uh speak a little uh something that I spoke that at our church there and uh uh but I I was praying and I was asking the Lord Lord wh which direction you want me to go or like uh what do you want me to tell your children and um I I think the Lord just like say stay on that channel. So I I'll stay there and uh we'll see what the Lord has for us this morning. Amen. So this morning uh if if we can give a title to something that we will speak this morning, I will call it a seat at the king's table. So we'll we'll call this a seat at the king's table. Amen. So we just read in the scripture in the in in the book of Psalms 23, thou preparest a a a table in the presence of my enemies. Amen. So that's David. David is speaking about, you know, you prepare a table. Psalms 23, the Lord is my shepherd and and all of that. You you read that psalm, but now it is going here. I I would like to go here a little bit more and then we're we're let's see what the Lord has for us. Now, let's if we can read another scripture here in the book of Zechariah chapter 4 verse 8 uh in and uh verse 8 through verse 10. Um again you know when you read the scriptures it is always uh talking about I I I will finish a work uh I will have to shorten the work because if I wouldn't shorten the work then a lot of people will perish. Amen. Or the love of many will will watch would get will get cold. Amen. But we're grateful that the God that is rich in mercy he's still dealing with us and I'm grateful for that this morning. Like even this morning, I I was a little bit trouble in my heart about certain things, but I I know and and I was there back in the office. I was like, "Lord, I'm grateful because you are still dealing with my heart. I'm grateful because you're still coming and speaking. You're still coming and and and and and bringing that conviction to my heart. Amen. That I know that you are going to finish the work, Lord. I know that if you began the good work as a scripture, that's one of my favorite scriptures. Philippians 1:6 if if if um the the the that I am confident. How many are confident this morning? It said the scripture says that I'm confident of this very thing that he who began the good work will be able to complete it until the day of the Lord. So he's faithful to complete the work that he had started in our lives. So I was I was thanking the Lord this morning. And I was like, Lord, I'm so grateful because I can be in that channel that even though sometimes the enemy comes like like a like a flood, it's coming to attacking your family, your your uh thought life, your your finances, whatever the attack of the enemy may come, but you have a confidence. You you you have you have an anchor. You have something where you can get a hold of, you can grasp and you can say that's my Lord. That's my God. that no matter and as brother Ben uh brother Paul choose that very good song like no matter what tomorrow will bring but I know one thing that he knows my name and we're going to speak a little bit about it this morning. Amen. So I'm grateful for that brother uh Paul. Thank you so much. So the book of Zechariah chapter 4 uh verse 8 to verse 8 and it says moreover the word of the Lord came unto me saying the hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house his hands shall also finish it and thou shalt know that the Lord of hosts has sent me unto you. And then it says verse 10 for who had despised the day of small things. Right? Amen. So just don't forget that word small things. Amen. For they shall rejoice and shall see the plumth of in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven. They are this the eyes of the Lord which drawn to and fro uh through the the whole earth. The whole earth. Amen. So who had despised the day of the small things? And uh now uh if we go here uh in in um in u in in in in the in the Old Testament there is one um one character that you know we don't hear a lot about him but maybe this morning we're going to take a we're going to let's think about him. You know we see in the Old Testament uh at the beginning Israel was without a king. We remember that they always were led by first by Moses and then it became the priest and then after that then they they wanted a king. Amen. They wanted to be like the rest of the other nations. So there was a transition in the old testament uh that they they were they were ruled by the judges and then the prophets and now Samuel is doing the transition from the last prophet to what the people wanted. And what did the people wanted? They wanted a king. Amen. Amen. And the people ch and the people they choose Saul from the tribe of Benjamin. And then when you think about the tribe of Benjamin and and you study the tribe of Benjamin, it it is also called the tribe of the little things. The tribe of the small things. And that's what he's saying. Don't despise the day of the small things. Okay? Just just just we're building and we're we're going to get to something. But if you're taking notes, just say small things. Amen. The little things, the small things, you know. Uh uh Saul was the people's election. How many know that Paul I mean Saul was like he didn't even wanted to be the king. But the people they wanted to be like like the rest of the other nations. Amen. But uh it was the people's choice. Amen. If that was democracy because that was what the people wanted. But it wasn't God's election. is is not what God wanted for the people. It's not what God wanted for them to have as a king. Amen. So God had another man coming. But there is something here that that we we we can learn from this morning. How many times if you think about it, we make our choices without waiting or trusting in what the Lord wants for us. Because that's that's what the people of the children of Israel what they were thinking. You know, if we are like the other nations, then we're going to be we're going to be fine. Amen. When you you com when we compare ourselves with the rest of the world, then we get in a lot of trouble. How many how many can say that? Amen to that. You know, when when when the sister in in or like the family in the church, they have a nicer car, then you are like, well, I I need to get a nicer than what they have. Oh, then then they build a house. Then I need to build a beer house. I'm just saying it, but I I know it is not happening here. Amen. You start comparing yourself to what what other people have. Amen. A and and uh there is one I think was a former president of the United States. He said always something. He's like the the thief of joy. Wow. Is comparison. That's good. So, and not only what is outside or the outer things, but when you start comparing your spiritual walk or your spiritual walk with the Lord with others. Oh, because that brother is is is so loud in church, I have to do the same. No, there's God is a God of variety that he he however he wants to move in your heart, just give praise to him. Don't put God in a box that if you don't shout, if you don't jump or if you don't cry, if you don't raise up your hands, then God is not dealing with your heart. Because that's what the prophet of God says that God had a v variety of flowers. He has black, brown, yellow, white. He has all those. And what is that for? So because God wanted to have the flowers like that and that is the same thing with your walk with the Lord. If he wants you to shout, you shout. Right. But the the one that is shouting shouldn't be criticizing the one that is not shouting. That's right. Because what God sees is, you know, when be when uh Samuel was looking for the for the next king, I'm I'm going ahead here a little bit of the notes. Well, but when Samuel was looking for for the next king, he still have the same mentality. I had to choose someone like Saul. But what happened when he when he got to Jesse's house, then he started seeing all of those men and he was like, "Oh, this is the next one. This is the next one." He was comparing to Saul, always comparing to Saul, always referring back to his to what he could see. But then the Lord was like, "No, none of them is is the chosen one." And then and then he asked Jesse like, "Do you have any other one?" And and Jesse was like, "Yeah, the one that is tending to the sheep." He's like, "Okay, bring him here." Right? And then when he brings David and then David and then God, the spirit of God tells Samuel, "That's the one." All right. What happened? Because now God was telling Samuel, "It's not what you see, but is what I see." So that's the confidence that we can have this morning, Lord, in my walk with you is perhaps sometimes like I am so quiet or I'm so loud, Lord, but you look at my heart. Look at the desires and the intents of my heart and may they be according to your word and I'm going to be on a safer spot. Amen. Good preacher. So don't compare yourself. Young people, don't compare yourself. Oh, because that one is a little bit bigger. It's a little more muscles there. Now I have to have to take the extra mile. I'm have to train harder because I want to be like my brother. Don't compare yourself. I'm telling you from experience. Brother Brandham says he's like it's it's time of matching. It's matching time is uh that that we have to compare to something and he said but the the one thing that you have to to compare to is the word of God. Amen. Amen. So you know Saul was chosen. I don't know how much time we have but we're going to be mindful of the time. Amen. So Saul was chosen and uh you know he was the first one that uh he established the kingdom of Israel and it went great. Everything went great under on their soul because despite of him being the cho the the choice of the people he was still anointed by God. Don't forget that. No because he felt no no he was still anointed by God. Yeah. Amen. So everything went well until he disobeyed God's prophet. But why? Because of his own pride. And as the Bible says, you know, pride goes before the what? The fall. So if you read it there in the book of 1st Samuel chapter 15:12 and and verse 13 and and you know he's coming he there was amalachites and and then uh he was told destroy destroy everything. You have to destroy everything and and and I want you to notice a type and this is something that I was when I was studying this I was like whoa just notice something. We're talking about the tribe of Benjamin. Saul comes excuse me Saul comes from the tribe of Benjamin. Amen. Then the Amalachites is a tribe or is a group of people that were kind of the enemies of Israel. And then verse 15 uh verse 12 and 13 here in 1 Samuel it says and when Samuel arose early to meet Saul in the morning he was told Saul came to Carmel and behold he set up for himself. There you go. He set up for himself for his own pride. He set up for himself a monument for trophy of his victory. and passed on and went down to Jugo. So in other words, Saul was in a position now everybody see that I was able to kill the Amalachites and he was proudful about it, right? But you know as the Bible talks to us and is in in in another passage in the scriptures when he speaks about Jehoshaphat and and and the prophet comes to him and say you know the battle is not yours the battle is the Lord's. Right? So here Saul was not like you know what I am the one that is that that that is killing the Amalachites. I am the one that is establishing the kingdom. So he was proudful. Right. Right. So he built a monument. So and when you think about a monument or a memorial is a big thing so that whenever people is passing by they can see right right who who who is receiving you know the honors or or or somehow the glory about it so built it in a way like that whenever everybody come or will see that monument they will see that I am the one that instead of giving God's glory he was trying to take God's glory Yeah. So because of his pride came the fall. And Samuel came And Samuel came to Saul and Saul said to him, "Blessed are you of the Lord. I have performed what the Lord have ordered." Are have you question Saul? There was a question. There was an instruction for you. There was something that you specifically needed to do and you didn't do it because of your pride. But I want you to think about something. Remember Saul was coming from the tribe of Benjamin and then there were the Malachites. And think about one thing, you know, because what Saul didn't do, there was someone in the scriptures that later on she did it. And who was this? This was Esther. Why am I bringing Esther? When I was studying about this and I was looking at Esther's life, guess which tribe was Esther coming from? Esther was coming from the tribe of Benjamin. Right? So when when the people of Israel were in in you know in in in trouble when Esther was there uh and she was told if you don't even if you don't do something there that the salvation will come somehow for the Jews. That was a promise from God. They had like uh like time- tested memorials that they can say you know what if you don't intercede for us somebody will come and save us anyway because we are the royal seat of God. But and let me tell you who the the guy that was a kind of that had that anger against the Israelites it it was uh Hmon right and guess who who's Hmon's uh tribe we he was coming from he was an Amalachite so you see what Saul couldn't do there was a descendant of Saul but I that she was able to fulfill God's word to come and expose her enemy in front of whom of whom? In front of the king. In other words, I can tell you if your lineage is not the the most perfect because you may come from the drunkards or drug addicts or porn addicts or whatever, that doesn't have nothing to do what with what God's seed has for you. Amen. Amen. Because when the the the new birth come to a people to a person the brother Brandham says that the new birth pretty much erases all your past. The new birth come and changes what's going to be your future. Amen. So when we can see a soul that was a disobedience now we can see an Esther that she didn't do what her form like her great great great grandpa did but she did something something different. and she exposed her enemy and she was able to kill her enemy. So what can you do this morning knowing Lord I I am part of those little things but help me to make the right decisions. Amen. Now let's go back here. So he was sold to kill Saul was told to kill the Amalachites and and like he was not supposed to bring any of the spo from the battle but he did that. Right? He was thinking that the Lord was needing those sacrifices he was bringing. You know, that's what when the Lord gives an instruction, if you go and read the scriptures, when he gives you an instruction, if he doesn't say something, don't do it. Right? You know, when he was when Noah was building the ark and he was given specific instructions on how to build the ark, he didn't have to come with anything, but he had all the instructions already given. And that's the same thing for us. That's why you don't you don't you're not supposed to add or you're not supposed to remove from the scriptures because the scriptures are perfect. That's why if the Lord tells you to do something, just do it. So, so was like Samuel. Oh, and it sounded very good. You know, if you think about it, oh, you know, he's bringing a lot of tiding to the church. Praise the Lord for that. He is bringing a lot of offerings to offer to our God Jehovah. But what was the instruction? You go there, kill and destroy. So that's why when God tells you you have to kill and destroy. The prophet of God says who is your worst enemy? You are your worst enemy. And he also said destroy your enemy before your enemy destroys you. So that's a clear instruction from the prophet of God and from the scriptures. What should we do? Go back and destroy your enemy. Right? But Saul, he was not he was not kind of he he he he had an idea. He had an agenda. He had he had he said he may have thought you know what if I'm bringing this sacrifice the people is going to be pleased. The people is going to see oh you know how great thou are Saul. But God doesn't want to share his glory with anyone. Amen. Now 1st Samuel chap chap 15 22 and 26 it through 26 and it says Samuel said has the Lord as a a great a delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold to obey is better than sacrifice and to hearken than the fat of rams. for rebellion. Listen to this. When you are a when you have a rebellious spirit against your parents, against the ministry, listen what it is. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is as idolatry and theaphim. And what is theaphim? Here it is talking about household uh uh of good luck images. Amen. because you have rejected the word of the Lord. He also has rejected you from being the king. Right? So now there is a message straight from the prophet of God to Saul. You were given clear instructions you didn't follow. Now these are the consequences. All right? But let me tell you one thing because it seems like oh oh you know what I'm all out. I've made so many mistakes so I'm out. But let me tell you this was before Calvary. Right? So that now if you make a mistake now I if you disobey the Lord somehow there is still grace. There is still the the blood of of the lamb that is interceding for you that whenever he sees the earth what is he seeing now? He's seeing the blood. But you have to have that's why the the scripture speaks about it a contrite heart I will not despise. So in other words if you see here Saul he was not repentant. He was like yeah you know what yeah this is what I did give it or take it. Right. That's your problem Samuel. But in our in our case I I don't want to have that attitude. I just want to say Lord if I have failed you forgive me. If I have done something that is not according to what you want, forgive me. And he's more than willing to forgive you more than you. Not that you when more than you when you ask for forgiveness, he's like there, I can forgive you. Forgiveness, forgiveness, forgiveness, just come come and ask for forgiveness. But many times we hide. But in this case, you know, Saul didn't hide. He was like, you know what? This is it. But now look, verse 24. And Saul said to Samuel, "I have sinned." Now he's repenting, but too late. For I have transgressed the commandment of the Lord and your words because I fear the people and obey their voice. Now I pray you, pardon my sin, and go back with me that I may worship the Lord." And Saul said to and Samuel said to Saul, "I will not return with you, for you have rejected the word of the Lord." and the Lord has rejected you from being king over Israel. The price of his disobedience was his kingdom. It was given to somebody else. And we know by the scriptures that it was for God's elected man who was coming. Now the next in line was David. That could be the same for us today. You know, many times because our pride gets in between God and us, we make choices that are good in our eyes, but the results are not what he wants for us. But it's because, you know, I I I am better than God. That's what we say sometimes. Listen to his voice and you will never be ashamed. Amen. I get to think of Saul's life. He didn't want to be a king. If you if you think even before he became a king, he didn't even want to be a king. He he was sending to his father's uh donkeys, you know, he was happy there and he was a very shy man. But then when he comes into the kingdom now, he starts kind of puffing up, you know, and now I'm this great I'm I'm this great king of Israel. I'm I'm building. I'm I'm I'm doing all these great things. And God is like he was just looking at him and he was still accepted, you know, before the Lord. But when he disobeyed, then God was like, "Yeah, that's it. you are rejected. That's right. Because I have a purpose for somebody else. Amen. So now I if uh if you if you if you read you keep reading in the scriptures then there comes the time when uh there is a prophecy given for the the days of of Saul and in his kingdom how everything was going to end. And if you read in the scriptures what's going to happen is they go to battle and then Saul is suffering there and then he's not able to die yet. So he asked his arm bearer, he's like, "Hey, you you know what? Just kill me." But the the the guy the the his bearer, he's like, "No, I'm not. How can I am I going to kill the anointed of God?" You know what Saul ended up doing? He killed himself. You know, one bad choice will bring you to another bad bad choice and another bad choice and another bad choice. Right. How many souls still we have in our lives that brings brings our pride, brings our you know like I'm I'm better than thou a lot of big eyes and little use. That was Saul. But God didn't lift didn't leave it there. Amen. So now where we want to focus this morning when we're invited at the a seat at the king's table, let's think a little bit about uh Mephibos. If you have heard his name or not, but let's let's think a little bit about him. Uh now David, now let's let's fast forward this to David becoming the king. So now David is the king. Now he's the the man after God's own heart. And now he's like, "Now I'm the king. Now I I can rule over Israel and everything." But then u there comes a cry. There comes a question. 2 Samuel chapter 4 uh verse four is and Jonathan Saul's son had had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years old when he when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan's uh in and Jonathan out of Jezrael. and his nurse, you know, the the nurse was taking care of of this meibos and then she kind of everybody was in a rush. So she took him and they fled and it came to pass and she she was kind of in a rush that he fell and he became lame and his name was Mephiboset. And if if you study this the the meanings in the names on in the scripture meos it is an an exterminator of shame. So that's meshed. He he is an exterminator of shame. So what does the Bible why does the Bible if you think about the scriptures why do the scriptures are so detailed that now it comes to say this guy was lame. He's talking about his condition. But if if you think about it he wasn't born that way. Meibos wasn't born that way. It was an accident that he ended up crippled. How many Mibos can be here today full of pain, full of anger, full of depression, full of anxiety, mistakes that you didn't want to do, yet you still did. You're carrying your past. You're carrying your upbringing. As I was saying earlier, this but you you were not born that way. Amen. And we can say that when somebody somebody is spiritually lame, it's like it's like a mute person as well because they can they they can see and they can hear the truth. They can even confess it but they are paralyzed from acting on the word of God because Mephibushed was paralyzed. He couldn't walk. Right? How many times in your life you you want to go forward with Christ, but you can't. Why you can't? Because you're carrying your past. You're carrying your complexes. You're you're carrying everything that the Lord is like, you know what? Why don't you come and confess it to me? Why don't you come and leave that yoke there and I will give you a lighter yoke because it said the Bible says that my yoke is light and it is an easy one. Yes. But we are still like still carrying that still carrying our past still carrying those pains you know that happened years ago or yesterday or whenever but now he's giving us that God is giving us that option to say you know what you don't have to carry that pain anymore you don't have to live depressed all for the rest of your days you don't have to live anxious for the rest of your days there is a way of escape Amen. The only thing I can think of is our issues didn't come at birth. But as we interacted, listen to this. As we interacted with people, with our parents, with our with our with our siblings, with our friends, with family, that hurt us. when you had an abusive parent that was like a military at home and that those those traits you're still bringing them into your marriage. You're still can kind of carrying all those things to your children. But God can set you free from that. He can do that. Why am I always depressed? Why am I always anxious? You know, we always think about depression. What is depression? Oh, you know, you get just get the Holy Spirit and and that's going to be fixed. Well, many people have gotten the Holy Spirit and still leaving the press. Why is that? Because you have to get to the core issue. That's right. That's good. You know, when brother Brandon will always talk to the people and you know that there's one is one one specific case is called about sister little young uh young sister Margaret when he goes and talk to her and he's like, you know what, she was all gone. She like she was in the insane institution and she was gone. But brother Brandham, he's like I was trying to get to her spirit and I was trying to to you know do you know who I am? And you know she was not responding and then at some point you know when the spirit of God came and he was like oh you know what you wanted to be the a wife a preacher's wife right? Right. And then he's like, and at that moment that sister, that young sister completely changed her countenance. Why? Because she was able to get That's right. to the root cause, to the core issue that she was dealing with. And then in the next minute, she was set free from that. All right. Don't you believe that if you are dealing with something today that if you pray to God that he can show you the the the moment or the hour or when a specific situation happened in your life and and he can show you and set you free from that. That's right. I believe that the Lord had done it with me many times. I sometimes you know you're angry and I I was like I I I I am at home and my wife you know she's a sweetheart she knows how to deal with me. Amen. So you know some she now knows me very well and like she's like I know what happened at at work right and I was like yes so she knows but if you think about it once you know where the enemy can attack you then you're able to respond now you're able to to uh to uh to to build a plan to respond back. You know when you're going to war you know somebody that is going to war they are not just going to just going to go and try to fight. No, they have to devise a plan. They have to develop a plan so then that how they're going to respond against the enemy. And that's the same thing we have to do when you know that you're dealing with anxiety that you know that you're dealing with depression. You can ask Lord, Lord, why am I feeling this way? And the Lord can show you. Yes, he can. He saw it in my life. So that that the next time I if he shows me where that thing is coming from, then I just bring it back to the Lord and say, "Lord, I don't want to take this anymore." So then the next time when when the enemy tried to come with the same triggers against me, then I know how to respond. That's right. Then I'm not going to be all grunchy getting home and my wife is like, "Oh, I'm not going to talk to him because if I talk to him, then he's going to be kind of aggressive or something." No, not that I am aggressive, mostly. But just just thinking about it when you know you know the enemy has been studying you for the past 6,000 years. Why wouldn't we able to respond back with the word of God and just asking the Lord, Lord, now I know that I got the Holy Spirit. I know that I am still in my soul, but what about my spirit? What about my emotions? What about about those five senses in my life? They they need repair many times. They need fixing all the time. Yes, that's good preaching. Amen. So if you feel depressed, ask Lord, Lord, why am I feeling depressed? Or if you feel anxious, what is depression? Is thinking about the things of the past, right? And that's why you're like, oh, I did this, I did that. It is already in the past. Yes, sir. Amen. And then what about when you're feeling anxious? I think I was reading a statistics. 98% of our anxiety or the things that we think they're going to happen, they most likely will never happen. So somehow you rob or you steal from your day, a day with Christ because you're thinking ahead too much. It's not it's not a bad thing to plan or it's not a bad thing to to do those things. But when you are kind of just so focused on those things, then you're you become anxious and then you start responding to that anxiety in the wrong way. Going to the wrong websites, going to to drink or drugs or whatever. It's more how you're responding against the attacks of the enemy because the prophet of God said and and it's good to say what the prophet of God said. He said that the enemy has a right to one final punch. He said that and then he said and as he has a right what do you have to do? You have to be prayed for. In other words, if I'm deal I I'm going to be honest. If I deal with a complex of rejection, what do I have to do? I have to be pray and say, Lord, the brother or sister didn't mean it that way. I bring it back to you. That's right. But you have to pray about it. And you have to have a shield or you have to have you have to have a mechanism of defense against what the enemy can come against you. Yes, sir. But if you think here and that's where talking about meos, he he was not born that way. That's right. He was not born a man. Boas was not born a defeated person. You were not born a a an anxious person, a depressed person. But it's the things in life. That's right. Relationships, interaction with people that somehow had brought all those things to our lives that we now have to carry. Right? But there is a chance that you don't have to carry those things anymore. How? Because you confess him. You bring him to Christ and you say, "Lord, I don't want to carry any of these things." Amen. But now we know that God, he has come to heal all these things. You know, now let's read in the book of sec 2 Samuel chapter uh ver uh chapter 9:9. And David said, "Is there still anyone left of the house of Saul to whom I may show kindness for Jonathan's sake?" Now look, the king wanted to show kindness towards the family of Jonathan. The price was paid for the love that David had for Jonathan. David perhaps was reminded of the covenant that he had made with his friend. And now we can say this. There is an eternal covenant for the many lames that can be here today. I was lame. But now I'm walking with Christ. Amen. And he made a covenant. He paid the price. We can see this in our day. The Lord wanted to show kindness to us. He called us and we answered. Have you answered this morning? We He called us and we answer. And that's why now we can be seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And the prophet of God says that those heavenly places are the position of the believer. Praise the Lord. Because is this something that you you wanted? You wanted to be in church. You wanted to be in this fellowship. No, it was his election. And you cannot go against election. You cannot go against predestination. And I can tell you election looks beyond our faults. Election looks beyond our mistakes. It looks beyond our shortcomings. Why? Because now election is looking at the promise. Election now is looking at the promise. How many believe that this morning? Amen. If you're looking at your mistake, I can tell you you are wrong. Because now you have to look at the promise that those that he loved, he justified, he redeemed, he glorified, and now he has given them the the the honor, the position to be called the children of God. That's your promise this morning. Election looks at the promise. And I can tell you, a mistake doesn't define who you are. A mistake doesn't define your future. Right? A mistake doesn't doesn't defy what define what you're going to be doing tomorrow. No. If you dwell in that mistake, yeah, it is going to be defining all your choices. All all the decisions you had to make. But but when you're trusting in God, that's going to change the picture because now you say, "Lord, I made a mistake. I bring it under the blood, but now help me. Now I want to go forward with you." That's a different outcome. Thank you, Lord. Yes, sir. If you have confessed it and you have brought it under the blood, what your mistake? There is nothing that can be against you. You know that's when the accuser of the brethren comes against you. When he comes and brings your mistake before God, what what what is the Lord telling him? Like I don't see anything. The only thing I'm seeing is I'm seeing perfect children of God. Why? Because they I'm just seeing them through the blood. I'm not seeing them through anything else. I'm not seeing them through even the law. Right? Because if I will see them through the blood, I wouldn't be here. You wouldn't be here. But now he's seeing you to the perfect through the perfect sacrifice that was sh the blood that was shed at the cross of Calvary. And now when the enemy comes and accuses you, what can you say? I don't say anything. I rest. How many can rest this morning and say, Lord, I can rest this morning knowing that you know my past. You know my present. You know my future. Hallelujah. Election is looking at the sacrifice at Calvary because that is what what defines who I am. That's what had defined my destiny. The sacrifice at Calvary. The prophet of God says in the message adoption number one it says elections look election looks back to forknowledge and predestination looks to your destiny. Right? Election looks back. It's like I was I was elected before the foundation of the world. And predestination is like predestination know where you're going to be brought to. Amen. Amen. You believe that this morning? So now and of the house of Saul there was a servant whose name was Ceba. When they had called him to David, he said to him, "Are you Ceba?" He said,"I your servant am he." The king said,"Is there not still someone of the house of Saul to whom I may show uh the mercy and kindness of God?" And SA replied, Jonathan has yet a son of uh who is laying his feet. And if you see here, somehow Jonathan had given his life for his son, right? And if if you again look at the meanings in the scriptures, Jonathan means the gift of God. So somehow Jonathan has given his life for his son so that when he came in front of David was David able to kill Jonath I mean Miboset he couldn't because somebody had paid the price amen and uh verse four I think is 2 Samuel chapter uh I I I missed that sorry and the king said where is where is he? Zeba replied, "He's in the house of Makir and son of Amiel in Loar." Now think about this word Loar. That's a city where Mephibos was sent to. And this place called Loar means a place where there is no pasture and a place where is no word. Meibos was sent to that place. a a desert a desertic like a a wilderness place. Now think about it. The prince because now meosed was a prince. He was living in a place where no fruit was being produced. No word was being produced either. Why? Why was he there? Because he was broken. He was depressed. He was lonely. He was angry. And also you know if you think about loar it was called considered a ghetto place in in the in the biblical time. So it was not the best place for them to live. How many times I'll bring it back to you. How many times you have you you f we found ourselves in lobar where we are not able to hear the word of God because we are looking at our condition because we're sitting in our complexes of superiority of inferiority of race of color of this that and the other. You're you're you're in love. You're not producing anything. You're living in a victim mentality. That's good preaching. But think about it. Meet he was part of the royal family. That's right. If you're part of the royal family, how should you leave? How should you act? Right. But you think if you know at five years old like he was not going to be able you know to to to be a a royal perhaps and and then at five years old maybe he was always looked down because of her condition or he was always told you're not good enough. How many how many of you fathers, you older fathers, maybe when you were growing up, you never had a word of affirmation from your earthly father. That's so true. That you were never good enough. That you were never measuring up to to your father's standards. That's right. And what happened? Now you have your children and now you're measuring your children the same way. But why why am I talking about affirmation? If you if you're reading in in uh in in the New Testament when Jesus is going to be uh baptized by John the Baptist, what what what is happening there? This is my beloved son to whom I am well pleased to dwell. That was the first time the father is affirming his son. Yes sir. So why why are we why are we talking about all of these? Because there are many parents, many fathers in that loar condition that they can bring their children, their daughters, their their sons, they can bring them in a way that what can happen there? Oh, you're never good enough. Oh, you're not performing the way I used to do it or you're not doing it the way I used to. I I was better than you. And you're bringing your children to that love of our condition that your children are like, "Well, I'm not good enough. Then why would why do I go to church?" Or, "Why do I do what you asked me to do if I'm never good enough?" The father was affirming Jesus the first time when he went to when he went to be baptized. I am well pleased to dwell in my beloved son. But then the next time when he's with uh Peter uh John and James he's they are in the in the mount of transfiguration when he they are there and mo Moses and Elijah is coming then the voice comes and a voice of affirmation is coming there and it says this is my beloved son in whom I'm d I'm well ple I'm I'm well pleased and then it changes something else hear ye him now from an affirmation of this is my son to an affirmation of this is my son and now he's receiving all the authority of the kingdom will it be that some parents never heard those affirmations from their from their some fathers never heard those affirmations from their fathers And that's why sometimes the decisions you have made they have not been made the best decision because you're always thinking oh what is my father what would have what would my father have thought if I would have said this or if I would have said that but wouldn't you be open this morning to say Lord I know my father never affirm me I know my father never told me that he's proud of me or that he was proud of me because of what I was doing but I know that you are That's right. Will you this morning h father affirm who I am in you? You can ask him that. You can ask that to the father. And the same thing for our sisters. Your you are a mother and and then your mother never you have that connection with your with your mother and it was always you know that fight that fight fight fight. Why was that? Because you know your how your mom was raised, he she was carrying a lot. She was trying to raise you and then how you were raised. Now you're trying to raise your daughters or your sons and it has been hard. But the father is pleased with you this morning and he's hearing your pain and he knows your pain. He knows your name. He knows your need. And the father is this morning saying, "I want affirm you." Right. I want to tell you that you are my son. I want to tell you that you are my daughter. I want to tell you that despite all your mistakes, all the bad decisions that you have made, I'm still here. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. That's the father. That's the real love of the father. That is telling us this morning, I'm proud of you. Amen. I'm proud of you because you wake up this morning. You woke up this morning and you were you were able to make it to church, right? And I know your battles. I know your struggles. I know your pain, but you're still fighting. You're still standing. You're still struggling. But I know that your time of deliverance will come sometime. That's the love of the father. That's right. Amen. I don't I don't I don't want to leave here this morning without telling you this that the love of our condition is a a is a bare condition. I is is a condition where no fruit can be produced. But there was something happening here with Nephiette. Now he was being said, you know what? The king is calling your name. Aren't you grateful this morning? Now the king is calling your name. Now the king is asking for, "Hey, where is my son Boaz? Where's my son Shane? Where's my son Paul? Where is my son Ben? I am right here, Lord. I'm full of pain. Certainly, Lord, but I am right here this morning. You're calling my name. You're bringing me out of that love of our condition, Lord." Yes. Amen. That's what I want. And from my own experience, you know, at some point you come to a time that you cannot meet the standards of the message. You cannot be perfect. You're going to church and it seems that nothing is happening. But what a beautiful day when I heard of a king that was looking for me, that wanted to give me a position of honor. Was I deserving? I wasn't. I was not deserving what the king did for me. What can you say for you this morning? Amen. Or I didn't deserve that you call my name. Hallelujah. I didn't deserve that you get me out of that love condition, Lord. But it was it wasn't me, Lord. But it pleased you to make me a partaker of who you are. Amen. I didn't have victory. I was full of trials. I'm talking from experience. I was full of trials and I was always defeated. But now I am more than a conqueror. Why is that? Is because of my my my own ability. No, it's because of the king's That's right. Amen. The king's shout and the and the shout of the king is in the camp. Amen. The king is calling you. The king is calling you out of your lovear condition and say that's not your that's not who you are. You are not a defeated person. You are not you're not a you cannot be living there for the rest of your days. Now you're more than a conqueror. Will you come? Hallelujah. And now the king look at this. the the kings the king David sent and brought him from the house of Mahir son of Aniad out of Lavar and Mephibosed son of Jonathan the son of Saul came to David and fell on his face and did obeisance. So he was still there you know bowing before the king and David said and he answered behold your servant. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now the king knew his name. The king was able to call him by his name. There was no doubt. There was not a doubt in Meibos's heart that he had found grace in the eyes of the king. Amen. And now I was I was studying. I was like, what does it mean when the king calls you by your name? That means a level of informality and also potentially a closer relationship than with the rest of his subjects. Now you have been called by your name. And it's like my earthly name. No, by the name that is above all names. The name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Who had despised the day of the small things. I was I am a small thing in the kingdom of God in the economy of God. And he has brought me from that love of our condition. There is much to say, but I just want to finish with this perhaps. When we talk about relationships, whether it is about authenticity, safety, and grace, it can happen in a group setting or or oneonone, but there is a common thread. And and I I want you to hear this. We were wounded in relationships, right? But we also heal in relationships. That's right. God provides forgiveness, but he uses relationships to provide confessions healing power. Why? There is power in your confession. That's right. There is power when you recognize where you are in your walk with Christ and you say, "Lord, I am not what I want to be and I am not what I you what I must be. But one thing I know that I am not what I used to be." Can you said that this morning? Lord, I am not what I used to be. Lord, amen. Lord, we can say this one more thing. Shame is only combed in the context of relationship. And this is a Christian counselor that is talking about it. He says, "When I am able to be honest, I show you who I am, who I really am. And instead of rejecting, instead of rejecting me or judging me or criticizing me, you love me, you embrace me, you walk with me, you become an ally and a friend. What is the body of Christ supposed to be doing? When somebody that was coming to church and that person leaves the church, then the person comes again, what is the body of Christ supposed to be doing? Oh, I don't know what you're doing here in church. You're a sinner. But what is the body of Christ supposed to be doing? It's supposed to bring in that supposed to bring that healing to that person. Hey, sister. Hey, brother. We haven't seen you in a long time, but we're happy to see you here. You know, those words can change the eternal destination of a person. Instead of telling that person, oh, you're a sinner because you have been missing church. Oh you sister you have done this to your hair or because we again we come back to the beginning. We men we look at the outer appearance but God is looking at the heart. Amen. What if that person that is coming is it may be their last chance. Right? What if that person is there in the service and is is is about to make a final decision whether or not they want to keep serving the Lord or they go in the world? What are we going to say to them? Are we going to judge them or are we going to embrace them? Are we going to criticize them or are we going to praise them? It makes all the difference in the world when someone becomes a friend. And again talking about a personal or in intimate relationship with Christ that when he becomes a friend, you can just go to your friend and I I can I can tell you from experience. I can go to him as my friend. I say, "Lord, I'm not feeling good today." That's good. And I ask him, "So, will you show me what's going on?" And he shows me. Yeah. Then you go to bed and then in the middle of the night that that's what David said. Even in in in my in my dreams, in my sleep, you're still there still there now shame dissipates and I'm able just to just know I am loved by others and I am loved by God and I can love others and I can also love myself because that's what Jesus said. And now when you love someone, what is that person going to be doing? Now that person, that person can make different choices because now it's like, oh, there is someone that loves me. This there is someone that cares for me. What am I supposed to be doing? Oh, we're going to bring them to church and we're going to scrape. There was a situation at a church when there a sister make a mist made a big mistake and they brought her in front of the congregation and everybody was screaming at her uh you're a sinner sinner sinner is that the love of Christ what I like here when comes to David says fear not isn't that something he comes to him And because you know he was part of David's enemies. So he now comes to David and David says fear not. And that's what your David is telling you this morning. Fear not. Fear not. I believe that that is a man after God's own heart. A man like God's heart. That is like you know I know you were part of my enemies. I know you were you you are coming from from from the tribe of uh of Benjamin but I know one thing that my heart is like the father's heart and the father hearts the father's heart is a heart of compassion but a a father that he also will bring correction but he's more willing to give love more than he's willing to bring the correction because do you think that the father's heart is to to to to bring pain to his children? Certainly not. But he wants to bring that peace that in that atmosphere of love, you can be healed. And that because of that love that you have received, now you can make the right choices. Now you can say, "Lord, because I love you so much, now I'm not going to go to the wrong website. Now I'm not going to go and drink a a have a a a social drink. Now Lord, I'm going to I'm going I'm going to be in church. Now Lord, I'm going to love my brother. I'm going to love my sister. Because everything we make, everything you do, excuse me, we do it out of love. Meos had a place at the table. We can finish here. We have more here. But I think it's is good. How many meosets in Loar can be found this morning? But the Lord is saying, you know what? He's wooing you to say, you know what? I don't want you to stay in Labar. I don't want you to stay in that sad condition in that I don't want you to stay in those complexes. I don't want you to be to be dwelling in your mistakes. Why wouldn't you come out of that place? Why wouldn't you come out of that condition and come to the king's table? Would you like to have a seat at the king's table this morning? Would you bow your head this morning if the musicians can come? And there in your heart, even if you haven't received salvation to your heart, will you say, "Lord, will you give salvation to me this morning? Will you save my life? Will you fill me with the Holy Ghost? Will you bring me out of that condition Lord? Where I am told I am not good enough. Where I am told I was never affirmed what my father I was never affirmed by my mother. Lord, will you be my father? Will you be my mother? Amen. Will you be my friend this morning? Will you build an altar this morning there at at your at your seat and say, "Lord, I want more of you this morning. You know me by my name. You know my trials. You know my tribulations. You know my temptations. Father, you know me. You know when I wake up. You know when when I lay down. You know the words that I say to my wife. You know the words that I say to my children. Father, if there is something that is not pleasing before you, Lord, will you bring out of will you bring me out of those complexes, Lord, out of those mistakes that I can bring them under your blood, Father, that you can bring that restor full restoration to my life? that you can bring that full joy that is unspeakable and full of glory. Father, here your children are this morning. Lord, some maybe with uh broken hearts, Father. Maybe with spirits that have been damaged by ministries, Lord, or or by relationships, Father. But this morning, we're coming to the right place. This morning we're coming to the to to to the to to to to the to the right uh table, Father. And that is at your table, Father. You have extended that invitation to us this morning, Lord. And you say, "Come unto me all that are weary and heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Father, will you give Will you do that for your children this morning, Lord? Lord, if there is a mother this morning suffering because of the children not serving you or the husband not serving, not serving you, Lord, may you bring that peace knowing that everything is under your control. Father, there is nothing that is catching you by surprise. Father, we thank you, Jesus. We bless your name this morning. Hallelujah. We just going to be at your table. [Music] We love you, [Music] Father. So I run to the Father again and again. Oh Lord, I've carried a burden too long on my own. Lord, I wasn't created to bear it all. Amen. Lord, I your [Music] invitation to let it all go. Lord, I see it now. I lay it there. And I know that I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. The sorrow to the father again and again and again and again. Oh, wo wo. And again, Lord, I've carried a burden for too long on my own. Lord, I wasn't created to bear it along. I hear your invitation to let it all go. But I see it now. I'm laying it down. And I know that I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a searching. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and [Music] again. [Music] Oh Lord, you saw my [Music] condition. You had a plan from the start. Lord your son for redemption the price for my all. Yes. And I don't have a contest for that kind of love. I don't understand. But Lord, I can't comprehend. All I know is I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding, a reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a searching. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again. I run. I run to the father. I fall into grace. Lord, I am done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a searching. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. [Music] Oh, my heart's been in your sights long before my first breath. Running into your hearts is running to life. from death. And I feel the syrup deep in my chest. Your mercy is calling out just as I am. For you pull me in. And I know I need you now. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again. Oh run to the father. Fall into the race. I'm done with the hiding. Reason to wait. My heart found a searching. My soul had found a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. Oh. Oh. Oh. And again. it again. Wo [Music] wo oh my heart spin in your sights long before my first forever. running into your arms is running to life from heaven. I feel this rush deep in my chest. Lord, your mercy is pouring out. And just as I am, Lord, you pull me in. And I know all I need. Lord, I need you now. I run to the father. I fall into race. Lord, I'm done with the hiding. A reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. So, I'll run to the father again and again. Oh, I run to the father. I fall into race. Lord, I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. So, I run to the father again and again and again and again. Woah. Woah. Woah. And again and again. Wo wo. Oh again and again. [Music] [Music] Jesus for I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mouth. I know there is peace within your presence. Oh, I speak [Music] Jesus. I just want to Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freom. Oh, I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, your name is your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh Lord, you break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. You burn a light of fire. Oh, I just want to speak. Oh Lord, I just want to speak the name of my Jesus. Oh yes. over fear and all anxiety. Oh, to every soul captive by oppression. Oh, I speak [Music] Jesus. I know your name. Your name is power. Oh Lord, your name is healing. Oh, you live. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, you break it. Break every stronghold. Oh, you burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus once again. Oh, I just want to speak the name of my Jesus. Oh, over every heart and every mouth. Oh, cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Oh, I speak Jesus because I know your name. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Oh, your name is life. Oh Lord, you break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn light. Oh yes. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every end of me. Oh, and Jesus my family. Oh, I speak the holy name of my Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh, Jesus in the streets. Oh, Jesus in the darkness. over every enemy. Oh Jesus, over my family. Oh, I will speak the holy name of my Jesus. Oh, let's shout Jesus once again this morning. Oh, shout Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh, Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Oh Jesus my family. Oh yes. Seek the holy name of my Jesus. Oh power your name is healing. your hands. [Music] Oh Lord, break every [Music] stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn light. Your name is power. Oh, your name is power. But your name is [Music] he your name is Oh Lord break every stronghal Shine through the shadow. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you can go to your next to your brother like to your brother that is by your side or your sister. Let's make a final prayer today and let's just ask the Lord to keep bringing that deliverance, that healing. If there is your brother or your sister that is by you, just go there and find a brother or a sister. Remember, there is healing in the body of [Music] Christ. We will not find healing outside by ourselves in our own in our own island. But you'll find it in the body of Christ. So let's bow our heads and let's let's pray. Pray there. You as well. You you lift up your voice. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, thank you. Thank you for your presence, Lord. Thank you for your power. Thank you for your healing, Jesus. Thank you for being here. Thank you for meeting this appointment with us, Father, because you never miss any appointment with your children, Lord. Father, we thank you, Father. Father, if there is someone that is still dealing, Father, there is someone with a broken heart, Lord Jesus. Someone with with depression, Father, with anxiety, Lord, with addictions, Lord, this morning. May may you come and set them free, Father, by your word, by your power, Father Jesus. Bless this congregation, Lord. Bless the offices, Lord. Bless brother Samuel and the family, Lord. Everybody in this congregation, Father, may you keep bringing that unity, Lord. May you can bring in that peace. May you can bring it that joy that passes all understanding. Lord, we love you, Father. We thank you this morning. We give you all honor. We give you glory. We give you praise, Father, for bringing deliverance, for bringing healing, for breaking those chains, Father. We thank you this morning, Lord. Bless the marriages, Lord. If there is marriage problems, Lord, may you help them. May you help them. May you fix them, Lord. If there there is relationship problems, Father, may you restore. May you mend those relationships this morning, Father, because you have you have given us the authority to speak the word. We don't have the power, Father. You have the power, but you have given us the authority this morning. We love you. We thank you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Because your name is power. Your name is healing. Sing that now. Your name is power. For your name is power. Your name is he but your name is Lord. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Well, let's sing it again. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is seal. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. [Music] burn the fire. Amen. Let's just say one more time. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Amen. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. Lord, I speak the holy name of my Jesus. Oh, let's shout Jesus once again. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh, Jesus in the streets. Oh, Jesus in the darkness. Over every enmy. Yes, Lord. Jesus. for my family. Lord, I speak the whole name Jesus. Oh, your name, your name is power, but your name is healing. Oh yes, your name is life. Oh hallelujah. He breaks every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Amen. Go softly. Your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is your sword. Break every stronghold. [Music] Amen. One more time without the music, just the voices. Your name, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Hallelujah. Break every stronghold. Shine through the [Music] shadows. Burn like a fire. Oh, hallelujah. Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. There's nothing like the name of Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Well, don't you appreciate his presence this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Don't you just love him this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I love you, [Music] Lord, and I live my voice to worship you. Yes, Lord. Oh my soul. Amen. Rejoice. Take sure my king. Yes, Lord. in what you here. May it be a [Music] sweet song. Oh, in your Oh, let's make love to the Lord just for a little bit this morning. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. The sore and I live my [Music] voice and just to worship, worship you, oh my soul. Yes. My soul doth rejoice. Take joy my king. [Music] Oh you here. May it be a sweet se sweet sound. Oh. Oh, hallelujah. Just one more time before we're dismissed. Let's sing that song just once again. Sounds real good. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. Yes, sir. And I lay my bow. Oh, just to worship, worship you, oh my [Music] soul. My soul does rejoice. Oh, take joy my king. That's [Music] [Applause] [Music] so you here. May it be a sweet sweet. May it be. May it be a sweet sing. May it be a sweet sound. May it be a sweet. Such a sweet [Music] sound in glory. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, we love you Lord. We love you Lord. How many loves the Lord this morning? Amen. You appreciate him coming by and touching you this morning. Amen, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, praise God. Amen. Let's just bow our heads before we're dismissed. Lord, Lord, how we so love you, Lord, this morning, Lord. How we so thank you, Lord, and appreciate, Lord, your presence, Lord, that we feel among us this morning, Lord. We just so grateful, Lord Jesus, for your presence, Lord. There's nothing like your presence, Lord. As the one song said, Lord Jesus, Lord, in your presence, Lord. Amen. Lord, every fear, Lord, every doubt, every anxiety, Lord, every weight, Lord Jesus, every sin that does so easily beset us, Lord, is cast aside, Lord, and we're in your presence, Lord Jesus. We so thank you, Lord, for coming coming by and visiting us, visiting us this morning, Lord. Lord, Lord, I just Lord, at times, Lord, thank you. It's just not enough, Lord. I just want to say, Lord, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. All of us, Lord, for all of us this morning, Lord, we just want to say, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for speaking to our hearts and lives, Lord Jesus. And Lord Jesus, Lord, that you're, Lord, teaching us, Lord. You're molding us. You're shaping us, Lord, to who you want us to be, Lord Jesus. Because, Lord, we just, Lord, what we desire, Lord, is you, Lord Jesus. We desire you more than anything, Lord, in this life, Lord God. Almighty God. Oh Jesus, we so thank you, Lord Jesus, for your deliverance, Lord. Your power this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, your presence, Lord Jesus, how we so thank you for it, Lord Jesus. We so appreciate you, Lord Jesus. I just pray that Lord for all my brothers and sisters, Lord Jesus. Lord, whatever we we may be going through, Lord, whatever they may be struggling with or dealing with, Lord, I just pray that Lord, may they speak your name, Lord Jesus. May they speak the name of Jesus over every fear, over anxiety, every every situation, Lord Jesus. Oh, grant it Lord Jesus. Lord, if there's power in your name, Lord Jesus, there's healing in your name. Lord, there's salvation in your name, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, Lord, how we thank you this morning, Lord, and we so thank you for Lord, your servant this morning, Lord, Brother Boaz, Lord Jesus, for yielding himself, Lord, getting himself all the way. Lord, we just so thank you for that, Lord Jesus. We thank you for him. And Lord Jesus, and each and everyone this morning that was gathered in this building, Lord Jesus. Lord, I just Lord, I believe, Lord, you spoke to all all of our hearts this morning, Lord. We're so thankful for that, Lord Jesus. I just pray you be with my brothers and sisters, Lord. Go with each and everyone this morning, Lord Jesus, until you should bring us to the appointed time until we should meet again. But Lord, may we never depart from your presence, Lord, because you won't depart from us, Lord. Oh, Father, how we love you, Lord. We thank you father. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Lord go with us now. We love you. We thank you and appreciate you Lord in Jesus precious name. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's been good to be in the house of God. Amen. Amen. Just want to thank brother Boaz. Amen. And sister Miriam. Amen. God bless him for being here with us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Maybe Smith. Just one real quick announcement. Uh a sister's ring was left in the lady's bathroom. Brother Richard has it. So, Brother Richard, we able to give it to you. Amen. You're dismissed. Go in the fear of God. Amen. Oh, yes. I love you, [Music] Lord. And I lift my voice just to worship. [Music] Worship you oh my soul, my soul does rejoice. Take joy my [Music] king you here. May it be a sweet, such a sweet sound. May it be. May it be a sweet, sweet sound. May it be. May it be a sweet. Such a sweet [Music] sound in your ear. Oh, I've heard a thousand stories of what they think your life. But I heard a tender whisper of love in the dead of the night. Can you tell me that you're pleased and that I never alone? Cuz you're a good good father. It's who you are, Lord. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Lord, I've seen so many searching for answers far and wide. But I know we're all searching for answers. Only you crawl back. Cuz you know just what we need before we even say a word. Cuz you're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. That's who I am. That's who I am. I see many. Oh, I see. Many searching for answers far and wide. But I know we're all searching for answers. only you provide cuz you know just what we need before we even say a word is you're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. Yes, that's who I am. That's who I am. You are You are perfect in all of your ways. But you are perfect in all of your ways. But you are perfect in all of your ways to us. Lord, you're perfect. You are perfect in all of your ways. Lord, you are perfect in all of your ways. Lord, you are perfect in all of your ways to us. [Music] Oh, it's love so uneniable that I can I can't hardly speak. It's peace so unexplainable that I can I can hardly think as you call me and deeper still as you call me. Or deeper still as you call me. will keep her still into love cuz you're a good good father. It's who you are. Yes, it's who you are. It's who you are and I'm loved by you. Yes. It's who I am. It's who I am, Lord. It's who I am. You're good. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. Yes. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Cuz you are perfect in all of your [Music]
