################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - A Great Trouble - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    A Great Trouble - Samuel Browning
Speaker:  Samuel Browning
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BJqyAK9tk0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. I know his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched. Oh, and poor. I now can sing. Praise God. Oh, praise God. I am a child of the king once again. Oh yes. And oh yes, I'm a child of the king. Aren't you glad you're a child of the king? his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched. Oh, and poor I now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Thank God I'm a child of Amen. Let's all stand this morning. Let's sing it once again. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. May God his royal blood. It now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched. Oh, and poor I now can sing. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I am a child and I who was richer. Oh, am poor. I now can see. Praise God. Oh, sing praise God once again. Praise God. Praise. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I am a child of my king. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you could say this morning that you're a child of the king? Amen. Amen. That you're a king, son. Amen. Amen. Just that song sort of reminded me of like what brother Bram talked about with that uh that slave that slave boy. Amen. That was on that plantation. I mean the way that he conducted himself. No one could figure it out until they realized he was the son of a king. Amen. We're strangers. We're pilgrims in this life. But one thing's for sure, we got a home to go to and we're we're child of king. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Praise the Lord. Oh, I'm so glad about that. I'm so thankful for that this morning. What a privileged people we are. We really are privileged people. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be here in the house of God this morning. Good to be with brothers and sisters of like precious faith. And also want to say we'd like to greet Amen. all the visitors within our gates this morning. Amen. Amen. We have brother Michael from uh uh Texas. Is that right, brother? Amen. So, Brother Michael from Texas. And Amen. Praise the Lord. And also those here locally visiting with us. Pray God bless them as well. And Amen. We're just so glad to be here in the house of God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We just have just a few prayer requests this morning. Like to take before the Lord. Amen. How many knows that that our God's able to meet these needs? You believe that? Amen. I believe it too. Amen. Our God is certainly he certainly is more than able. Amen. This is from sister Gomez says to please pray for our Sunday school this week. Uh we will finish how the fruit of the spirit will nourish our will nourish us spiritually. Galatians 5:22 through 23. Amen. So remember the Sunday school this morning and God just be with them and continue to give them direction. I appreciate those that teach up there. Amen. This is from Sister Stephanie says to please continue to pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord and for my daughter Emily Wilson. God bless. Amen. That's from Sister Stephanie. Amen. Pray that God would meet that need that request. This is also from Sister Stephanie as well. says, "Please pray for Sister Rita. Uh, she has a gash in her thumb. Also, pray for for Joe Ortiz. He has lemonia and is 95. And also for Rita's daughter, Crystal. God bless sister Stephanie. Amen. Remember Sister Rita this morning, Crystal. Amen. I certainly appreciate Sister Rita." Amen. So, I miss her. Amens. Amen. Certainly appreciate her. This is a This is a very important unspoken prayer request. The Lord knows. The Lord knows that need. Whoever wrote that down, God certainly knows that need this morning. He's able to fix it. Amen. Amen. This is from brother and sister Gomez. Says, "Pray for our niece, Linda Dvilla. The Lord's will be done for her." Let's remember Linda Devia and pray God just be with her and touch her this morning. U this request says to please remember my mother-in-law Judith Webb in prayer. She has severe blockages in her legs. She underwent a procedure on one leg. If she had waited any longer, she would have lost that leg. Her situation is serious. So, please stand with my with my wife and I in prayer. Amen. So, remember Judith Webb and prayer that God just be with her and touch her. Also, I definitely want to remember sister Maria. I think she's here with us this morning. Maria Sanchez made us pray that God to touch her. Also, if you could uh pray for me and my brother Zach, we're going to be heading out to BYC. Uh Lord willing, after service, we just pray that God would just be with us and protect us and keep us safe and God have his hand upon us. And Amen. How many has a need you like to make known by a lifted hand? Amen. Just know that with that hand out that he sees that need. Brother Dave Creser, would you come brother lead us in prayer? Amen. So appreciate Brother Dave, don't we? Amen. [Music] Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, as a as a song, Lord said, Lord, it's just so so nice to know that Lord, we're your sons and daughters, Lord. And that that means it's family, Lord. And we don't have to approach you Lord in a in a servants mentality Lord where it's works and what we do Lord but knowing Lord that it's a relationship with you Lord and that Lord it's by love Lord that we we serve you Lord that that even we come Lord together Lord just because we love you we love your word Lord we love your character Lord your person Lord we just pray Lord this morning even you reveal Lord just to us just a little more of you this this morning to where we can see you even a little more clearer, Lord. See ourselves a little more clear, Lord. Be able to walk, Lord, in your light, Lord. Just just a little better, Lord. Just each and each and every day, each and every step, Lord. We're just, Lord, looking to get closer to you and draw closer to you, Lord. We just we love you, Lord. We love your word. Just pray for, Lord, our pastor in the back, Lord, as he prepares, Lord. I'm sure that it's been something's been on his heart for a long time, Lord, and just just be able to, Lord, just get into the channel, Lord, that as he's studying, Lord, that been be able to deliver, Lord, what's what you have placed on his heart, Lord. We just we just thank you, Lord, for the for the word that Lord is going to come forward, Lord, and how it would change our lives, Lord. And just pray that you would just bless this service, Lord. We just look forward to what you're have for us today, Lord. just pray you just Lord these prayer requests too Lord just each and every one Lord just how your tender hand Lord would be on each and every situation Lord we just know that you are willing Lord and you are able Lord and this some things Lord it's just in your timing Lord to where you can change a situation Lord in just a matter of moments Lord we just we just uh trust you in each and every situation Lord just knowing that you you are in full control Lord we just pray that you would just bless the remainder this service, Lord, into the songs, Lord, that's saying, Lord, may it just draw your presence closer, Lord. And Lord, for the tithes and offerings, Lord, we just pray you'll bless them, those that can give, those that can't, Lord. We just pray that you would just bless each and every uh phase of this service, Lord. And we just look forward to what you would have for us today. We love you, Lord. We just thank you for this time that you've prepared for us, Lord, just to fellowship and commune with you today, Lord. Have your way. We pray. We love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Appreciate you. Amen. Amen. As brother comes takes offerings. Why don't you shake hands one another? Amen. As well. Amen. I'm no longer a slave to fear. No longer a slave to fear. Amen. You can have your seats. Amen. Praise the Lord. Also, it's good to have Sister Gloria Keith with us visiting. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm going to sing this song. A man no longer a slave to fear. [Music] You ravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my enemies till all my fear. Let's sing that first verse once again. You unravel me. You unravel me, oh Lord, with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance, of deliverance from all of my enemies. until all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, for I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. I know that I am a child of God. I like this verse right here. Oh, from my mother's womb. Lord, you have chosen me. Oh yes, your love has called by my name. I have been born again. to your family. I'm glad your blood flows through my veins. And I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. Oh yes. For I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, for I am a child. Oh, sing that verse once again. From my mother's womb. From my mother's womb. But you have chosen me. Oh, your love has called by my name. Hey God, I have been born again into your family. I'm glad your blood flows through my veins. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear for I know that I am a child of God. And oh you split the sea so I could walk all through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. Oh yes, Lord, you rescued me. So I will stand and sing that I am a child of God. Let's see once again. You split my sea. You split my sea so I could walk right. Oh, that's my God this morning. My fears are drowning. Perfect love. You came and rescued. You rescued me so that I could sit and sing that I am a child of God. Won't you sing once again? You split my seat. Oh, you split my sea so I could walk right on through it. Oh, my fears are drowned in your perfect love. Oh, hallelujah. Oh Lord, you res He rescued me so I could stand and see that I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. I'm no longer and I'm no longer a slave. Oh, hallelujah. We're no longer slaves to fear. for I am a child. Amen softly. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad? Amen. You're a child of God this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song. Amen. I am free from the fear of tomorrow. I am free. Amen. How many's free this morning? Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, from the fear of tomorrow. Thank God. Oh, I am free from the guilt of my past. For I've traded all those heavy shackles for a glorious song and I am free. Praise the Lord. I'm free at last. Oh, aren't you glad you're free this morning? Oh, I am free from the fear of tomorrow. Oh, thank God I've been set free from the guilt of my past. Oh, I traded all my shackles. [Applause] [Music] Glorious song. Thank God I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. Free at last. Let's just sing it once again. Amen. I'm free. Oh, I am free from the fear of tomorrow. Aren't you happy? Amen. Oh, I am free from the guilt of my past. Thank God I've traded all those heavy shackles. Oh, for a glorious. Oh, hallelujah. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Free at last. Oh, that sounds real good. Let's just sing it once again. I'm free. Oh, I'm free from the fear of tomorrow. Oh, thank God. Oh, thank you, Lord. We're free from the guilts of our past. And we traded all those heavy shackles for our glory. Thank God. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. are free. Oh, for I traded all those heavy shackles for a glorious song. Thank God I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. Free at last. Oh, I am free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. Oh, I'm no longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. Thank God. Oh, it's just a blessing. Oh, well, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, let's sing. I'm free. Oh, I am free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. No more chains. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. It's a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free for the singing once again from this morning. I'm free. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm free. I'm no longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. Oh, thank God. Hallelujah. Oh, and I'm so thankful. Praise the Lord. Oh, yeah. Oh, let's just sing it one more time like we're free. Oh yes, I'm free. Oh hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. No more chains. [Music] Oh, thank God. My soul is resting. It's just Oh, it's just a blessing. Oh, will praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. My soul is resting. My soul is resting. And thank God it's a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, let's praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Aren't you free this morning in Jesus? Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad that he set you free? Aren't you glad that he broke the chains? Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Right. Right before we get to the next song. Amen. Just a real quick announcement. Uh the fire pit fellowship will be at 6 today. So you just go ahead and bring some, hot dogs, whatever. Chairs. You might need chairs. So you all can bring that. Amen. So they'll be at 6 today. Fire pit fellowship. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. It's a glorious church without a spot or wrinkle. Amen. Amen. How many is glad that you're a glorious church this morning? Amen. Without a spot or wrinkle. Amen. Hallelujah. Help me sing it an amen this morning. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. What is a glorious church without a spot or wrinkle? We've been washed in the blood of the lamb. It's a glorious church without a spot wrinkle. We've been wash. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Do you hear them coming brother? Oh thronging of the seats of light. Oh and glorious shining garments over the blood garments for why. Hallelujah. It's a glorious church without a spot. We've been washed the blood of the lamb. It's a glorious church. Oh, without a spider. Oh, we've been washed. Amen. Well, do you hear those suring anosing all the earth and sky? Oh, tears of grand victorious army. Oh, let's lift his banner up. Lift his banner on high. It's a glorious church. Oh, without a spot. Oh, we've been washed. How many's glad about that? Is a glorious church without a sinking glory been washed. Oh yes. Well, let's never fear the bath of sorrow. Let us never fear the storms of sin. Amen. For we shall triumph on the tomorrow. Well, now, even now, our joy begin. Oh, well, it's a glorious church. Oh, she's without. Oh, hallelujah. of the lamb. It's a glorious church. She's without a spot or wrinkle. [Music] Wave the banner all its way. The banner shout is praise. Oh, our victory is nigh. Oh yes it is. Oh we shall join our conquering sing. We shall reign. We shall reign with him. Him on high. Oh will it's a glorious church. Hallelujah. Oh by your grace Lord it's a glorious church without a spot or wrinkle. We've been washed. Let's sing one more time. Well, let's wave the banner, shout his praisees. Oh, for our victory is now. Oh, where we shall join a concrete savior. Oh yes, we're going to ring with him on high. Hallelujah. world is a glorious church without we've been washed. Oh, the blood of the lamb is a glorious church without a spot or wrinkle. We've been washed. Oh, singing once again. Well, is a glorious church without a spot. Thank God we've been washed. The blood of the lamb, glorious church without a spot, a wrinkle. We've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Thank God that we've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you're part of that church this morning? Aren't you glad that you've been washed in the blood of Jesus Christ that washes away every sin? Every sin. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm so glad about that this morning. Amen. So thankful. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. Church triumphant. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. How many knows you're in that church triumphant this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. It's the old ship of Zion. Hallelujah. It's the hope of the lost and the dying. Hallelujah. Oh, it's the soul saving s. Amen. Oh, it's the joy of our salvation. Oh, it's the church triumphant, oh Lord. Oh, and it's built, oh yes, by the hand of the Lord. How many's got about that this morning? Well, I'm talking about a church in the book of Revelation. She's built on the rock that got a burn foundation. She spilled through the flood and been through the fire. But one of these days that church is going to move on up a little higher. It's the church triumphant. Oh Lord, and it sp Hallelujah about the hand of the Lord through the flood, but the fun couldn't harm it. It spent through the fire. Oh yes, but the fire didn't burn it. Amen. It's a fed to the lions, but the lions could need it. She's fought a lot of wars, but we never never been defeated. Oh, talk about that church, the triumphant. Oh Lord, and it's been hallelujah, Lord. I'm talking about a church. Oh, in the book of Revelation, all she's built on the rock. Oh my. Got a firm foundation. She's been through the flood and she spent through the fire. Oh my. But one of these day, one of these old mornings, that church is going to move on up a little higher. It's the It's that church. Oh, and it's f. Oh, we've been through the fun. Oh, but the fun couldn't harm it. Oh, we've been through the fire, but the fire didn't burn it. We've been fed to the lions. Oh, but the lions couldn't eat. Oh yes, we fought a lot of wars. We've always been undefeated. Oh, that's just to this morning. It's the church triumphant or war and it's built. Thank God it's been built. Oh, hallelujah. I'm talking about a church in the book of Revelation. Thank God she's built on the rock, got a firm foundation. Oh yeah, she's been through the flood and she's been through the fire. But one of these, one of these days that church is going to move on up a little higher. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank God. I'm so glad she's built. Oh, let's just sing that about us this morning. We've been through the flood. Oh, but the fluff couldn't harm it. Oh my. We've been through the fire. Oh, but the fire didn't burn it. Oh, we f to the lions. Oh, but we fought a lot of wars. We've always been undefeated. Oh, talk about that church. Triumphant Lord. And we're bell. Oh, by the Oh, talk about a bride. I'm talking about a bride. Oh, in the book of Revelation, she's built on the rock. Hallelujah. Got a firm foundation. She's been through the flood and she's been through the fire. But one of these one of these one of these old mornings. Oh, it's that church. Oh, it's that church. [Music] Oh, it's bell. We've been built by him by the hand of the Lord. Talk one more time. I'll talk about a bride. Oh, in the book of Revelation. She's built on the rock. She's got a firm and got a firm foundation. Oh, she's been through the flood and she's been through the fire. Oh my. But one of these days that ride you'll move on up a little higher. It's the ride. Oh yes. Oh yes. Thank God we're built. Well, it's the bride. Triumphant, oh Lord. And we've been built by the hand of the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We've been built by you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you're a part of that church this morning? Amen. Boy, what a privilege that that isn't that awesome. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Oh my. That just makes me want to shout. Amen. Amen. Let's sing a little chorus. I know we sing it last week. I feel like going on. How many feels like going on this morning? Amen. Amen. No matter what the devil throws our way, we're going to keep pressing on no matter what. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. As brother Samuel comes, let's sing this little chorus. I feel like I'm going on. [Music] Yes, I feel like going on. Oh, trials come. on every head. I feel like we're going on. I feel like going on. Singing once again. Oh, I feel like we're going. Oh, how many feels like going on? Amen. Oh, yes. I feel like going on. And though trials come and they come on every day, I feel like I feel like going on. Amen. Let's sing this now. Yes. I feel like pressing on. How it feels like pressing on this morning? Oh, I feel like I'm pressing on. And those trials come, they come on every hand. I feel like I feel like pressing on. I feel like pressing. I feel like I'm pressing on by your grace, Lord. I feel like I'm pressing on. Oh, trials come. They come on every hand. I feel like Oh, I feel like pressing on. I see you once again. I feel like going on. Oh, I feel like going on. Oh yes. Oh yes. I feel like going on. Well, trials come. Oh trials come, they come on every hand. I feel like Oh, I feel like going on. And those trials come, they come on every day. I feel like I feel like we've been made more than coner overcomers. Overcomers in this life. Hallelujah. Oh, we've been made made victorious. Say amen. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made hallelujah. Yes. I have been made more than a coner by his grace and overcomers. In this life, in this last day, in this end time, we have been made victorious. It's been through the blood of Jesus Christ. More time we've been made. Oh yes, we've been made more than coner. Oh, an overcomers in this life. We've been made. Yes, we've been made victorious [Music] through the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, we've been made more than conquerors through him this morning. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing that little course. Can't you see why I'm happy? Can't you see why happy? Amen. How many's happy in the Lord this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing a little chorus as Brother Samuel comes. I'm happy. Oh, I have accepted the words of the Lord. Oh, the reveal [Music] word that was so by the prophet by the prophet of Malia. [Music] Well, can't you see why church? Can't you see? Can't you see why that I'm so happy I've accepted? I have accepted the word my Lord. [Music] Oh, the reveal the word that was spoken by the prophet of Mic. Amen. Let's all sing this morning. Amen. Let's sing this where the Samuel comes. Oh, can't you see why that I'm so happy? For I have accepted the word of the Lord. [Applause] [Music] your word that was spoken by the prophet of Mal. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Aren't you thankful, man, for God's mercy? Amen. He's been good to us, hasn't he? Amen. And he's so faithful in everything. Amen. In every way. You know, I just I look at many times I'm always I'm thankful for another day to serve him, thankful for another opportunity to draw closer to him. I'm thankful for every time along the way that he corrects me, shows me his love and his grace. You know, I'm thankful for what he did in my life. Not only did he change my life, but he put a burden on the inside, a desire, a love for him. And you know what? When we we love him in that way, then we love one another how we should love one another. Because you know what? It's Christ in you. Amen. It's Christ in you. Amen. Amen. And it's so good to be together. Amen. Amen. I thank God for a beautiful day. And um I want to say God bless you to Amen. each and everyone that are gathered here, our visitors, God bless you. It's so so good to have you. And uh just uh different ones and my buddy brother Michael is here and sister Yokabed and Michael Jr. right there. And uh brother Michael um I was there with when you remember when I went to Mexico the last two times and brother Michael was my host. I was there and he's on a job over here. He when they do the those big petroleum plants when they go to idle them and shut them down and someone has to go in and do all of the repair inspection when they do that throughout the country. So, he's here for about four to six weeks and uh uh we're so glad to have him. And one of the times that he's going to be here, I do want him to give his testimony. It was really incredible. I've been burdened on my heart for to have him to give his testimony of how God brought him through because in one way every one of us, we all have our own testimony experience with God. But like brother Michael said in his he said with this testimony he said let it bring hope that there's no situation too dark or too great that God can't reach down. And so one of the services here we're trying to work that out and I certainly want to uh have have brother Michael to do that and we'll just follow a few things. It just God knows just everything right in time and so we're so glad to have you brother Michael Sister Yok. Amen. And um God bless you. Amen. Well, it's good to be together. Amen. It's good to be in his presence and it's just good to be with you all. Amen. Just good to be together. Amen. Could we just go to him in a word of prayer? Amen. And heavenly father, Lord, I know Lord that we're standing Lord in need of your grace. Lord, every one of us. Lord, I'm I'm probably the most in need right here this morning, Lord. And I'm asking, oh God, that you would give us together grace to be able to step out of the way, Lord, as speaker and hearer. Lord, I don't want to have any part in it, but just to get out of the way. And I'm asking that you would help me to do that this morning. Lord, help us, Lord, as a people that, Father, we can just move into that place, Lord, right in entering into your presence, Lord, just as we as the songs of Zion have been sung. And Lord, just an atmosphere is created, Lord. What a what a privilege it is, Lord, just to be gathered together. How I thank you, Lord, for each one of your children. And may you just come, Lord, and just just do something really special for us, Lord. Do something really special in our lives, Lord. That which, oh God, only you can do. Just draw us closer to you, Lord. Forgive us, Lord, I pray, of our shortcomings, Lord. Oh, Lord Jesus. May, Father, you just move in a way to minister. There's those in need of healing, Lord, and salvation, deliverance, oh God. It all lays within you, Lord. And we're just, God, asking that you'll just come in such a special way and take control in the service, Lord. For we ask all these things, Lord, for your glory in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you would, let's turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 10. And I want to certainly tell you I was kind of I was torn even last to the last moment here just between two different um outlines and boy that makes me really nervous. Uh, I've got one part and we were looking I was going on going into some elements here within Ruth and this will this is actually a lot of the thought line within it. But God knows and he's mindful of our needs. Amen. So I certainly coveret your prayers because this was just something that begin to inspire to my heart just it's been a laying before me. It's been an outline that's laid there for months and uh just even so where we're at and uh well I kind of let you know what you see behind here. You don't see my nerves but may God help us. Amen. That's what we want. We want the Lord just to help us. 1 Corinthians chapter 10. Bri Brother Brian just turn it down just a little bit. I know that's asking a lot from me but uh just a tad bit. Sister Anna, when is Marco surgery? When is Marco's surgery? You don't know yet? Okay. Okay. A blood clot. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, as as a church, you I think most of you heard that with with Marco as we were praying and that the with the prayer cloth. He they're going to do the open heart surgery and that's sister Anna's oldest son uh but within a month. So, he just had two stints uh put in here at the beginning of the week and so there's a blood clot and uh let's just believe and just look to the Lord to dissolve that. Amen. So, thank you sister Ann. I was glad to glad to hear that that we'll it's we've got times where we pray in the update. So we'll we'll keep everybody updated here. Um 1 Corinthians chapter 10 and verse one. Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should be ignorant how that all our fathers were under the cloud and all passed through the sea and were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea. And did all eat the same spiritual meat? And did all drink the same spiritual drink? For they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them. And that rock was Christ. But with many of them God was not well pleased, for they were overthrown in the wilderness. Now these things were our examples. to the intent we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted. Neither be ye idolattors, as were some of them, as it is written, the people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play. Neither let us commit fornication, as some of them committed, and fell in one day three and 20,000. Neither let us tempt Christ as some of them also tempted and were destroyed of serpents. Neither murmur murmur ye as some of them also murmured and were destroyed of the destroyer. Now all these things happened unto them for insamples, and they are written for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come. Wherefore let him that thinkketh he standeth take heed lest he fall. There hath no temptation taken you. But such is common to man. But God is faithful who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able, but will with the temptation also make a way to escape that you may be able to bear it. Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word as you're being seated. I'd like to speak here this morning and we'll get into the point here on a great trouble. A great trouble. We certainly know that we are living in a time of trouble. And that as David would write in Psalms 27 that he would hide me in the time of trouble and hide me in the secret of his pavilion in his presence. And the whole the whole point within that is that when we think back to the tabernacle in the wilderness, we come to the outer court and you come to the inner court and once into the holiest of holies there when that veil drops there's a there's a silencing of all things around us. Now we can still hear a lot of things but when the veil when Christ himself of the Holy Spirit the seal of the living God has come upon our soul by way of the new birth there's a settling there's a peace within that passes all understanding that no matter what trouble we see taking place and we do see a lot of trouble and it's not going to get any better but these are the things that when Jesus said when you begin to see these things taking place. Lift up your head. Your redemption is drawing nigh. The rest the world, they're in a the world itself is in a very nervous and a very tense uh moment. Just, you know, you you see this even with wars and rumors of wars and it it it's just continued to grow. And I I tell you that there's only one place of safety and shity and one place that in through all of this where you and I can actually draw a real peace from and that's in the Lord Jesus Christ. Everything else is so uncertain. It's so volatile. It's so easy. And I I believe we're standing in the in the times of the going home of the church of the living God. There's things that we've heard and we've heard that said and we've preached that we're standing in this hour. But I tell you, it's real. It's upon us in this time. We see all the signs of the time that's right around us exactly as God spoke in his word and prophesied it there through his prophet. And I think it's a time in an hour that if there's anything at all that we want to be as Lord, I want to be fully into you, Lord. I want that life to be fully I want to just I want to be fully in Christ and Christ have full preeminence in my life. And so we look at this of a of a great trouble and and taking of the scripture where we're looking and reading our text and know that it was a great background that Paul is referring to when they came out of Egypt. And we know that there for redemption. there's a coming out and a and a going into God's desire was not just to bring them out of Egypt and and just have them in the wilderness, but the objective was is that they would come into the promised land into their inheritance. And so God sent a message that brought came down in Egypt and began to break the holds of of what where Egypt and that strong power that was around their life. And here they come out and they're walking. They're eating of the of the mana as it's falling. They're drinking water from the rock. They're passing right through the Red Sea. These the the people saw such miraculous even when they were in Egypt. And then even as they're walking out, such miraculous. But in the midst of it, this is at right coming up to the promise is where they were overthrown. They were overthrown right as they came up and the promise was brought before them when the spies came back with that with with that of the grapes and that promise of the other land and and there were those who at that point and they just they had been murmuring all along there. There had been all of these things taking place all along. But you know out of all of those people there were two who were absolutely ordained to enter into the land. That's right. And I'm talking about out of those who came out originally. And even when God when God told them that when those that disbelieved of uh from those who came out from bringing back the you know the spies of the land and when they came back from that God they said oh that we and our children would be prey. And God let it be known that I will take their children and I'll take their children in whom they said would be prey. Let me just say this. We're we're not when we're coming to approach the promises of God, we're not coming under our naturalist strength. We're not coming under our natural ability. This isn't mind over matter. This isn't who has the best intellect. The only acceptable way to approach God is by faith. The Bible said that whomsoever cometh to God must first believe that he is and he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. And it is God who equips you and I as we will surrender to give us the strength and what is needed for that word to come to pass in our life because it's not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord, this mountain shall be removed. And when we consider this that they they they did not understand all of the miracles that even were displayed among them. You know, if if they would have understood it, if they would have taken it into consideration, it was God letting them know that I'm right here with you and I am all that you have need of. Even as you come into the land, all the obstacles that are before you, I am all that you have need of. But there was just that they they took the miracles and you know, yeah, they would eat the mana, they drank the rock, but to understand that it's God's care, it's God's love and God's provision for our life. And if God would would be so mindful to provide of the natural necessities of life, how much greater has God provided the spiritual necessities that you and I have need of to be able to live a victorious life. He is Jehovah Gyra. It's him that's providing. So when we look at this this this scripture that we're reading, Paul is very cautious of those who are even gathered around to say, "Let him that thinks that he stands take heed lest he fall." Now Paul is not asking them to be unsettled or to be uncertain. But you know, there's something about your life as a believer that when God begins to take a hold of your life, there's a reflection that comes in your life. There's a desire that moves in your heart that you want to please him. You want to do those things that are right and you know it's something that's ongoing. Let me just say it like this. Even as God begins to make himself known to an individual and conviction strikes their heart. They repent and here they are moving into the waters of baptism to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. For what purpose? Because to be united with him. because he said you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. It's about him. And then we see when the Holy Spirit is come even into a life, there's a desire now that has has rose up on the inside. And with that, it's a ferveny, a desire to please him. It isn't that everything boom all at once. But there's things that God is working in our life as we'll submit and we'll surrender because he's teaching us all along the way to yield to him and he will press his life through us. Now I want you just to catch this here and looking at this thought because there's two points in this scripture where it says that they that the very things neither be idoltors. And you would think Paul, why would Paul even mention this? Or even murmuring. And I think we could probably resolve on this that we've all been in places of murmuring. We all have. And and being in those places, we also have come to recognize and repent of our murmuring. God's God's been very gracious to us in within this. And yet he would say here neither even in the last scripture my dearly beloved flee from idolatry. Now I want you to think about this because no doubt in our minds we would look and say my I'm not an idoltor. I you know I I don't worship idols or anything. Well let's just look at what God's prophet says here. He says you think oh I thank God I'm not an idoltor. Wait just a minute. Let's examine it by the word. You say, "I wouldn't worship an idol." That doesn't altogether mean you worship an idol. You just have to be idol. That's ide. Yeah, that's all right. Go back home, do nothing about it. But brother, a real bornagain man or woman can't stand still. There's something in them. They've got to testify. They've got to do something. They are bound to do something. they can't hold their peace. So what's he dealing with? Because when we have that of of God's own life moving and pulsating in our life, now listen, there's a lot of imagery you could get in your mind. But let me just narrow it down to this. Where there is a pulsation and a desire for God, I want you to think there's got to be an outlet in our life. When the spirit of God has come into our life, there's got to be an outlet. When he comes into our lives, it is that that where the spirit of God comes into our lives and there's fruit that will come out of the indwelling of the Holy Spirit in our lives. It it's not just going to be a life that's idle. You know, you know how it is. You can come to a an intersection and sit there in your car and you put it in neutral. You can give it all the gas you want. It's standing right there. you know, even when it's in park, you start it up and, you know, we can push the gas pedal. It's idle or idling even if you don't touch anything. It's just it's staying in one place. And I believe that's where the Holy Spirit was mentioning through Paul and encouraging the church of the living God is don't become complacent. do not become to a place to where we look at it that well we we've got it made and my God has given us a message and even in our lives to be able to look at it and say well I you know I I know my life has been changed and I know the things that I once loved I no longer love and and and and there you know I I just love the Lord but don't allow our lives to become to a place to where it's just in the same position or same place over and over but we want to be moving moving on with God. I want you to listen to these couple of these statements here. You know, this is why that that the prophet would go on to say, he said, "We might pastor the greatest churches in the land and might be as pious as we can be. No man can put a finger on our lives. But until that soul that's on the inside of us is on fire for God. Until something in there that yearning after him, like the heart panteth for the waterbrook, my soul thirst after thee, oh God. Until we get to that type of an experience. So it's coming back down to remember a desire, a thirst. What is it that David said in Psalms 27? He said, "This one thing have I desired that I may dwell in the house of the Lord." You see, dwelling in his presence. Not just not just here, but yet it is a longing. It's a desire. And you know, that becomes more real to us. As you and I have been serving the Lord and you're pressing on in in in in in serving him, this becomes more meaningful to you and I. It's things that begins to stand out of being in the house of God. And look, I thank God for streaming, but you know, streaming does nowhere come near what it is to be in the house of God. Are you understand me? It's not something to substitute. It's not something to wear that, well, I'll catch up on it. I got other things to do. I I don't believe that we should approach God like that because we cannot have the full blessing because he said, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these other things will be added unto you." When you put God first, then God when you put him first, then God will fulfill his word. Let me tell you something. When you put him first, he'll relieve you of the anxieties that you have about the things of this life. As a matter of fact, he'll give you an answer. He'll even move supernaturally on your behalf for even the natural things in this life. Hallelujah. He's our provider. God God did not mean for us to be taken with these things. As Jesus said, take no thought for tomorrow. Right? It didn't mean don't plan. It didn't mean not do anything. It meant don't become wrapped up with the anxieties of the next day and you say, "How can I not do that?" That's not just something you tell somebody. Hey, don't do this. Hey, don't do this. There's a remedy and that remedy is putting him first. And when you put him first, it pushes out and does not give an opportunity for those things to mount up. Hallelujah. Now, let me ask you this. If I said, "Who's the most miserable person?" There's a lot of things that no doubt would go through your mind today. Who could possibly be the most miserable person? Let me give you let me let me read this to you. The prophet says it like this. He said, "A fellow that would say,"Well, I'd go to church and I do the best I can. That's the most miserable person I know of in all of America." Is the person who says, "I do the best I can. I go to church. I hope I'm all right." The salvation of Jesus Christ is not a hope. It's a no. Let me just say this. Let me just say it very very clear. That's not God's plan is that we're just hoping that we make it. That's what Calvary made a way that there could come a divine assurance into our lives by the spirit of God that what had was done on Calvary, it settled all debts. It paid the price for every need that was in our life for salvation. Let me tell you, every habit was defeated at Calvary. Every demon spirit was defeated at Calvary. Every family strain was defeated at Calvary. Amen. Hallelujah. It was satisfied right there at Calvary. And he rose for our justification. And he brought back a message to you and I that you and I would not be left in a place of I wonder if I'm all right. I wonder if this is okay. And to deliver us something greater than just a hope so, but a no. So, I tell you right here this morning, even by the words going forth, God can deliver right in your heart. A no. It don't make you arrogant. It don't puff you up, but it gives you a stability in this life. It's the rest of Almighty God. You know when you're Christ, the Holy Spirit bears record with your spirit that you're sons and daughters of God. That's Romans 8. Old things have passed away. All things have become new. Not a borderline, you know, Christian. If the crowd's going this way, you go with it. If it goes that way, you go with it. But stay in the road. Stand in the liberty where Christ has made you free. Be not again entangled in the yoke of bondage or halfway. God said it made him sick. I would that you were hot or cold for lukewarm. He said he'd spew it out of his mouth. God doesn't want a person that's just a professor without being a possessor of the blessings of God. That is so good. Now, let me just look even at one little you look at even an an outlet of things of how that God would so work through our life. I want you to think about that probably everyone, not probably every one of us in here when God began to deal with our lives and get a hold of our life, there was discipling that took place. Oh, absolutely. Are you hearing me? It wasn't just something to wear that you were just off on your own. And what I mean is God had people who were already filled with him the comforter. And it now becomes a display like he was with the disciples where he was a comforter with them and he told them if I go away I will send to you another comforter. So you see God provides that himself with flesh on the spirit of God a discipling even in lives that are coming around young ones new ones it doesn't matter about age but to think there's got to be an outlet in our life let me just tell you it's simple to kind of look at it and say when is the last time that we thought or considered these things about even who's in our midst yeah it's good how can I be a help now I I say that because look look at Ruth and Naomi. Ruth was not just left on her own. Ruth was being guided and nurtured by Naomi. She was being she was there and there was an instruction. Naomi couldn't do it for her. But Naomi was there as one to disciple. It was an outlet. But it was Ruth that would have to make the decisions. It was Ruth that her faith would have to grow in the promise. But all the time there was discipling that was taking place. And I think that's one of the great things within our lives. I I know friends that there's a lot of things where the enemy there's a lot of things sometimes where we can become so busy with the things of this life. But I say God help us to be aware and be mindful that listen, God has called you and I into that place to disciple others. Amen. Amen. What a what an awesome thing from our children to others around us. Now, that's just one of the outworkings of the Holy Spirit where it'll work out in our life. You know, don't you love to get together and talk about the things of God? Isn't it wonderful when fellowship you sit down and you begin to fellowship on the things of God and and talk about the things of God and see there is such a such a reality within that part of discipling and encouraging someone along the way. Now I agree that the quickening power comes to raise up the sea but God has a many membered body that that life travels through and that there is discipling that takes place. Now I want you to think of this. How you got many scriptures I could go on here. But the Bible said when they had preached the gospel to the city and taught many and they returned to Lystra to Iconium and I and Antioch confirming the souls of the disciples and exhorting them to continue in the faith that we must through much tribulation enter into the kingdom of God. Many many other scriptures that we could lay in here and you read this in Paul's letters. You read it through the book of Acts of where that when the Holy Spirit would begin to direct them into a place, they would stay and they would labor right there in that place. For do what? To encourage those who were new converts in the Lord to press on. Amen. Sometimes we wonder, we wonder wonder why someone's not further along. Maybe maybe maybe it's because God there's not been discipling as it ought to be. You see, we we remember those things. I remember when God first got a hold of my life. Listen, friends, I I believe it like this. I I believe it's things that you and I can look into the word of God and say, "Lord, what would you have me do?" No, not just don't we don't have to imagine something and and we don't have to take something as though that my you know my this is sharp, this is stern. No, no, no. Let let's take it the way God wants us to see it and that is Lord what would you have me do what's my part Lord now in the message divine healing you know brother says every time you know he says every time we believe a little that little speck in here gets bigger and bigger and it'll swell out and you know he becomes to you believe all things and and as all things begin to come in love begins to come in doubt and hatred and malice and fear just flies out. It spreads out. It gets so big it bursts out the little shell. See, the more of God, the more when when the Holy Spirit is coming into our life, listen there, the world cannot remain there, but the more that that he will grow within our life, the more that we will yield, it pushes out the other things of the world. So, it's not you and I pushing them out. It's Christ in us pushing them out. Amen. Amen. Now look at this. He says, "Now you know sometimes he said you see people sit around and say, "Well, I've accepted the Lord and you take your word for it, but I can't judge. God does that. But in 10 years from now, they've never progressed a bit just staying right in the same old place." But we are to grow daily. Each day our heart hungers and keeps moving on. There is something growing inside of you. As Paul told the the Corinthian church, you're maturing. You're growing. You ought to be teachers, but you're babes in need of teaching. When you ought to be teachers, see something in there growing out, pushing out, making bigger. It's the Holy Spirit growing, and a birth, a birth happens from from the inside out. And there is a growth. And when they birth itself is on the inside, it will grow. But Christ in your heart ought to be growing daily, getting bigger, more powerful, understanding things better, forgiving, walking on as God would till Christ be formed in you the hope of glory. I say praise be to God. It's Christ him him working in our lives. When the Holy Spirit is come into our life, then by the new birth, then it's him working his way out. Listen, you do not start out as a fully matured son and daughter of God. No sir, you don't start out. This is why you can look and say, "Well, I see my life and I see somebody else's life." Don't compare yourself with nobody else. Your comparison is with God's word and how God is dealing with you right now. Nobody else. God can take right down through this service and he'll speak his word and it'll say something to you. It'll say something different to you. It'll say something different to you. But all together, he's encouraging us to grow and to press on. Hallelujah. That is so good. The battles, listen, the battles that I once had when I was first converted, those things God has given grace that those things no longer trouble me. Amen. You know why? Because there has to be a birth on the inside and the Holy Spirit. It's him growing and pushing out in our life. And you know what? It's the more you take in. It's like I said before about this, you know, like a cup of water. I know this a bottle of water. If you try to put more, if I had this in a cup and you put a bunch of ice in there, guess what's going to happen? It's going to displace the water. The water's going to be everywhere. Everybody knows you got them refrigerators now. You know, there's no such thing as the ones we used to crack the ice trays almost, you know, but you know, you can go in there and you have your kids, they've got a glass full and here they go, boy, and maybe it's Kool-Aid or orange juice and they're getting ready to put ice and they go over to the ice machine and they have that glass filled up almost to the brim. And as soon as that ice starts coming in that glass, it goes everywhere all over the tray. It's dripping down the refrigerator. It's all over the floor. Why? Because the ice forced out liquid that was in there. And let me tell you, that's what the Holy Spirit does in your life. As you'll feed on the word, it will force out malice. It will force out unforgiveness. It will force out the things of this world. What's doing that? The word of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. Amen. So notice when Paul would write this here in 1 Corinthians 9, know you not that they which run in a race run, run all, but one receiveth the prize. So run that ye may obtain. And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Right? That means he's mindful of even eating this food could throw me off tomorrow. Temperate. He's he's mindful even in the things he's Why is he mindful about what he indulges in? And it's not about that he can't have a hamburger. He can't have this a milkshake. He can't He can do what he wants to do. But what he's beginning to look at is I know what happens in my life and my walk if I indulge in those things. That's the same way that happens in our life. We begin to learn. We begin to grow in the things of God and realize that as Paul said, all things are lawful unto me. Right? But however, not all things are expedient. Right? Is that right? Not everything. Not everything. I've learned what things further my walk with God. And I've learned what things slow it down. I've learned what things help me and what things don't. I've learned even in situations of what situations to get into and what not. Right. Amen. Yeah. Yes, sir. You say, "Brother, you know, brother Samuel, that that that that's that's pretty simple. That's part of maturing. That's part of reflecting in our life and recognizing and taking dominion in our life." Amen. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we incorruptible. I therefore so run, not as uncertainty, so fight I not as one that beatth air. In other words, Paul said, I am landing punches. I'm not just here swinging in the ring. See, back then in that day, you won the bout by how long you could dodge. I I know Muhammad Ali didn't live back in this time, but that was one of his tactics. Right? You see, he he wore down. That's how it happened to George Foreman. He wore down to a certain time and then he stepped in. This is Paul is saying the exact opposite. He's saying, "I'm not one that's beating the air. I'm not just swinging and it's not connecting. These punches are connecting." Now, how are these punches connected? Because they are being directed by the Holy Spirit. Amen. Oh, glory be to God. So, we've got some punching to do. Hallelujah. But I keep under my body and bring it into subjection, lest by any means when I have preached to others, I myself should be a cast away. My how Paul himself realized the importance he had to keep his body that meant that of flesh and spirit in subjection that meant it wanted to do certain things but he brought it into subjection to the spirit that was on the inside and he did that for this very purpose he said lest when I preach to others I would be a cast away because the word that God delivered through Paul, that revelation was perfect. Is that right? That's why Paul could say, "Whoever preaches any other gospel, let him be accursed." Right? Let let them know those that be a prophet, preacher, or spiritual, acknowledge that the things that I have written unto you are the commandments of the Lord. Amen. So we we have to look at these things and mindful of the of of where we are and what as we're walking within this life. Paul would write like this in Galatians 5. Walk in the spirit and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. For the flesh lusteth against the spirit, capital S, and the spirit against the flesh. And these are contrary the one to the other so that you cannot do the things that you would. But if you be led of the spirit, ye are not under the law. So I'm not doing it because I have to do it. We are being led by the spirit of God. But there is a battle. There is a war once the Holy Spirit has taken a hold of your life. And listen, even when he's in process, there is a battle. Satan does not want to give one inch of ground. And let me tell you, he doesn't stop even when the Holy Spirit has come. That's why the prophet said you at one point in your life sapped along anyway. But one time when you said, I have the Holy Ghost, he said every gun out of hell is trained on your life. Hallelujah. It makes you look at the opposition different. Why? Because of the desire in your life. Now, let me I'm getting here to to my point. When you look at this on the in the thirst, every every individual, every person that is placed upon this earth has has a thirst. There there is a longing. And you know, you might look and say, well, only those who who have a longing for God. But no, God placed a thirst in every man. But it is it entirely depends on what that individual will yield that thirst to. That thirst is to know God. That's right. That's why God put that thirst in you. Some will satisfy it with try to satisfy it with things of this world. Try to quieten it, you know, with so many different things. Well, you know, from drinking to on and on. I mean, but you know, it can be satisfied with things. It's not even drinking. Sometimes there the substitute can become a person will worship their family. They'll worship their church, right? So it can so Satan remember his objective is to try to displace that thirst. But God has a provided way for that thirst to be satisfied. And there's only one place where that can be and that's in him. Amen. I want you to listen to this very carefully here. In 1965 here the prophet said we find God gives the control tower to you. He gives to you things that you need. The control tower in you is what directs you. And and this it runs in on this control tower and tells you what you have need of spiritually speaking. And the control tower in the body and in the soul also. So he's dealing with there's the control tower in the soul. There's the control tower in the body. The control tower in the body. It calls for the natural things of life. But that of the control tower of the soul, it's calling for the eternal things. Amen. There is a control tower in the body that tells you the need that's in your body and it's brought to you by thirst. There is a control tower in your soul that tells you the spiritual things that you have need of something in your spirit. And you by this can tell what kind of a life is controlling you. That is so good. See how many in here have been thirsty? My lord, in the past few days, my goodness, who couldn't have been thirsty, right? I mean, I was sitting there back in the office and my, you know, and sometimes in the morning I'm I'm coughing and stuff like that and everything else is dry and I realize, wait a minute here, I probably had too much coffee this morning. I need to have something a little bit different. Even though coffee is is is liquid, I needed something different. I needed some water. I need you there. We we we find ourselves you get into a place of hungry sometimes. You know when people are hungry, right? They're hungry. Like get out of their way. Don't don't put your fingers near them. Why? There's a there's a thirst. There's a call for that. You know, Jesus said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." Hallelujah. You see, there's a desire that that desire within you and you want to know what kind of life, where am I standing at right now. You can tell where you're standing by. What kind of a what kind of a desire is controlling you? What's your desire for? That's so good. That lets you know what what's your what's the ultimate desire? Is it this this this and then God? Or is it God? And then you'll find out a lot of these other things, they won't even matter anymore because the nature of God won't even won't even cooperate with those things. That is so good. Now, watch this. When you when you can see what your desires are, you can tell what kind of a something that's in you that's creating this desire you have. There's a certain thing that you thirst for. It can tell you in your soul what this desire is by the nature of the thirst you have. Now, watch this. There is a control tower of the soul and one for the body. And each tower is a warning caller for the needs of the other. Each one calls to the need for what the caller is calling for, it sends out a wave of mourning. So in other words, when the soul is crying out for more of God, then that other out there, that other control child say just just just wait. There'll be another service. There'll be another time. You don't have to it it ain't you don't have it ain't that important. See, you're it trying to silence that. It's a warning against it. But then that body that that that that nature that can want to pull for other things and that on the inside and says, "No, don't no let don't go that way. Give give your all to the Lord." And there's a war that's going on. That's right. Yes, there's a battle that that that works to ensue. And so the the inner man is trying to warn. You know, God put a buzzer inside of your life. You know, the Bible tells us in 1 Corinthians 11 even about hair. It said, "Doth not nature itself teach us these things." I don't care who a person is. I don't care whether you were raised in church or not. You know that even when as a little person, you could have went to light up a cigarette and you knew you were wrong. Yeah. Very true. When you told even your first lie, you know. I'm going to ask you what is that? That's called a conscience in your spirit. Man, that's right. Is that right? And it's God warning us. It's God warning us. You know, there is a reality that a person can actually silence that voice. Absolutely. Yes, you can. You can silence that conscience that God has given a person. Don't go that way. Don't go with those people, you know, don't get entangled with them. No doubt there's individuals sitting in here right now that because of that within just your life that God had given you, it ain't even the Holy Spirit yet in your life. But the conscience that God gave you and you realize, I I'm not going to go. These might be my friends, but I'm not going this way. What was it? A warning. Amen. A warning. God provided that before either any of us ever were were brought to a place to serving. God provided that. I I I need to I I don't need to be with these friends. I I don't need to go this way. That's God providing. Amen. Is that right? And you find out later on, you know, like some of the times here they are maybe that your friends, those that you should have been with that night, here they were. They ended up in some sort of a big mess out somewhere else. It was God in his grace that had provided that to you. That's right. But you know, you can send that conscience away. The Bible tells us in Timothy, their conscience had been seared with a hot iron. The B tells us about that Sunday school teacher. Remember, she was told what she was doing was wrong. All right. Here she was, you know, things begin to happen in the neighborhood and all of a sudden here, you know, she begin to flirt with the man next door, right? Still a Sunday school teacher. She begins to flirt with this man and everything else. Didn't have enough sense. If he was doing that on his wife, she'd just become, "Get in line. You're the next one." That's right. But you see, it's not human thinking that that's a spirit. It's a spirit. And Satan is all about trying to destroy and wreck lives and get them into a place where they don't even feel like I'm not worth anything. But let me tell you, the blood of Jesus Christ is greater than your sins. There is no sin too great. There's no situation irredeemable. [Applause] Hallelujah. All the way through the scriptures, you read of it. Rahab herself, what a situation she was in. God allowed it to be described even in the New Testament for the grace of God to you and I. Rehea the harlot, he allowed that to be expressed. Why? You and I could see that though she was on those walls, she couldn't get out of those walls. So God came and he tore the walls down. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's no condition that's too great. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But that conscience now I want you to watch this. The Brown says for instance the flesh thirsts to satisfy the desires that's in the body and the spirit desires for the things that's in the soul. Desire is and many time these war against the other. And we find that's what's a great trouble today. Too many people try to live between those two desires. One of them desires the things of the earth and the other desires the things of heaven. That's the great trouble is trying to live between it and trying to satisfy it. And just just where we're at, you don't want to be a chameleon. No. blend in wherever you're at and then you're over here, you're blending in. Let me tell you, to live between is a great state of miserableness because you have no assurance. There there is no divine assurance. But so many try to live between. Let me just bring this on down to you. There's many. Sometimes we can get drawn out into this, friends, even spiritfilled believers to living between these things. We can become brought down from the heavenlies into the earthlings. And here we are between these things. And you know what? To a real eagle, this does not feel right. It doesn't feel right. We're we're Because remember, the flesh lusteth against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh. It is not a place for a conducive for a son of God to live. Amen. Listen to me. This is why that as a spiritfilled believer, this is why that you must recognize what God has done in your life and recognize your need to feed on his word. Because when you don't feed on his word and you don't give him first place in your life, listen, that don't take the Holy Spirit away from you. It don't take the nature of desire. But I'll tell you what'll happen is is that within your life and in your walk, you will become cast down. You will become distraught. You will become in a place of well, you know, I I I'm not I'm not very good and I'm not very victorious. Who told you those kind of things? You see what it is? It's where you're living. You can't live between them. As a son of God, you were meant to live from the soul realm. Amen. That's where you live victorious. That's where you bring the rest of your life in subjection to the word of God. This is why Paul said, "I find a law. When I would go to do good, evil is present." Right. How many in our lives, how many of us, you go to do something, you go to move on with God and you find evil right there to try to upset it, right? You go to make a big step. I tell you what, you know what? We're going to we're going to start really pressing in there and and we're going to be here on this day. We're going to as soon as you make that declaration, you evil is going to be there. That's right. There's going to be things to try to hinder you from and get between you and God. Amen. That's what Satan wants to do. What do you call it? When the when the world when the earth gets between that of the earth and the sun, right, an eclipse, it's where light is blocked out. And that's what Satan is in the business of doing is trying to get a wedge between you and your fellowship with God. Let me tell you friends, no matter where we stand at here this morning, every one of us need a deeper fellowship with God. And if you don't feel that way, something's wrong. I I'm I'm just speaking from my heart this morning. May God allow us to pinch ourselves. Let him that standeth take heed lest he fall. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. That's why the prophet said, you know, I'd like to say it as Christians, you know, that you might know when you're starting to do something and everything turns against you. Oh my. Right. Sometimes how Satan will work upon how a person is made up. They're maybe they're they're made up just to be a little nervous. And here they are. they they begin to get on their heart to seek after things of God. And you know what? The devil is right there to try to keep them from it. And because he'll get on that spot and they get all nervous, he wants to let them know this is what Satan will do. Well, it's not for you. But what Satan was doing was getting on the nerves on that natural body. Are you hearing me? But you see, but don't let the devil lie to you like that. Find out if it's God's will for your life. When you look in the Bible, look in to the will for God's will in your life. Like the prophet takes it like this. He said, for somebody seeking the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Many times will people say, "Well, I sought for the Holy Ghost and I just couldn't receive it. I don't believe it's for me. Every time I get down, I get sick. I go to praying. If I fast, I get sick. If I try to stay all night, stay up, I get sleepy, I can't get off my free. Remember that is the devil because God intends for you to have the Holy Spirit. It's for whosoever will. God intends for that. He made a way. That's what Calvary made a way for. When you're prayed for for divine healing, let me read this. When you're prayed for for divine healing, the next day you find out, no doubt, the devil will make that twice as bad as it was the day before. Remember, that's just Satan trying to get you away from the blessing that God has got for you. Don't listen to that fellow. Always press right on. See, try look at it. He's a false interpreter. Amen. Oh, you didn't receive nothing. It's not for you. No. No, God made the promise for me. That's right. God made the promise. If it wasn't nobody else upon this earth, he made the promise for me. If it wouldn't been nobody else, he came all the way from glory. He shed his blood. He rose upon that Easter morning and sent back the Holy Ghost and sent this message for me. Amen. To let me know that I was in his mind before the foundation of the world. I was there. My name was on the book. my name. He saw me there when the lamb was slain in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. That's how real it becomes in your life that if it was for nobody else, if nobody else goes in the rapture, I'm going You ought to have that same kind of attitude on your job. If nobody else is going to have joy today, I am. Hallelujah. If nobody else in my home, I am. Amen. Hallelujah. Change the atmosphere. That's right. Come on, sons and daughters of God. Amateur creators. How are you an amateur creator? By the life that's on the inside of you. Amen. Don't live between. to stand right over here and say, "I'm going to take my God-given right as a son or a daughter of God and change the atmosphere." Amen. And when I talk about changing the atmosphere, it ain't about you going out there and rebuking everybody. It's about you beginning just to think about the goodness of God and worshiping him and invite him. Amen. And let me tell you something, God ain't ashamed to come down and walk in Walmart with you. That's right. There's grocery stores maybe you wouldn't want to go in, but let me tell you, if you're in there as a believer, God will come right down there. Come on, friends. When that situation was over there in Toledo at that cafeteria and the prophet of God walked in there and that slot machine, all that you you and I would look at and say, "That's not a conducive atmosphere." But there was a daughter of God right there. She was in a bad situation. One time a Sunday school teacher, one time a real devout child of God, but things had had gotten wrong in her life. But here the Holy Spirit never lost sight of her. See, she hadn't went all the way with God, but God would came looking for her. Can't you see how determined God is? God don't let you get out of his sight. You might have got cold. You might have got indifferent. You might be able to stand and say, "Man, I've been right there. I've lived between those like that. I've been here for a while, then been over here for a while, but I know what the grace of God is that has chased after my life." David said, "Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever." There ain't nobody here can say, "I did this. I brought myself. I did this." It was not of our works. Amen. Amen. It's not of works, lest any man should boast. We are saved by the grace of God. Hallelujah. You get converted, everybody gets angry with you. That's right. The prophet said like this. He said, "Tomorrow, mother will be more angry than she ever was. Dad will be all upset, the school kids, and everything else goes wrong because it's Satan trying to get you to turn around. He's trying to run you off the path. So, let me just tell you, you need to just square your shoulders and you need to look that lying devil right in the face and say, "I'm not going to live between these desires no more." Amen. That's true. I'm not going to try to live and try I I I'm tell you what, I'm on the Lord's side. I'm going to take my side with God. That's where I'm going to stand. Amen. Oh my. Just like here in the scripture where Paul would would speak of. Let me just I'm trying to get here into this place. Let me just try to bring it down here. Paul came to that place in Philippians. You can read it when you get home in Philippians 3 and 7-16. And he would say, "What things were gained to me? Those have I counted lost for Christ. So it came to a place. These are not scriptures that would just oh that was when Paul was back in Sunday school. No, this is when Paul had come even to a greater maturity in his life where he could look and say this is advantage Paul disadvantage Christ. You see it gets to a place to a believer. Look, the black and white is obvious to you as a believer. White meaning what's right, black meaning what's wrong. White and black that that those are easy things, but it's the gray areas. That's true. It's the gray areas where you don't have maybe a scripture or you don't have a quote, you can't see it just outright, right? Those are the times where what this is what you have to rely on. You have to rely on your relationship with God. Amen. That's what you have to rely on. And you know, God God has a way of teaching us and tutoring us and training us so that if we're really sensitive to him, we know the things that are advantage Samuel, disadvantage Christ. Advantage Christ, disadvantage Sam. And listen, we're living in an anointed age that's all about self. The Bible said in Timothy, peerless times will come. The first thing it mentions, men will be lovers of themselves. Right? I've told you this before. Never in any other age do you hear the term selfie. Everything self. Do you, do me, do this, do that. You think those things are not, it's just not just coincidence. But we're living, we're living in a time that's all about self. Right. Every decision that's made, it's about self, right? Right. It's all about what what can it do for me? That's true. But see, that's what listen, that's what the Holy Spirit comes to relieve us of our selfishness. It draws us to a place to first of all surrender our lives to him and then take up the cross daily and die to self daily. How long we going to keep on dying? Until these bodies are changed. [Music] Until these bodies are changed. Let me remind you when God came down in flesh and visited Abraham's tent and Genesis 18, Abraham and Sarah had just had a fuss that morning. That's right. Ain't that right? But see, God came down on the scene. God was coming anyhow. However, that that was all repaired, all fixed up. I I love the prophet including those dramatization. You know why? It takes us from putting men up here as far as their humanity. I recognize that Abraham was God's prophet. Ain't that right? I recognize that in the scripture. I recognize that Abraham, father of faith. I recognize that. But God never highlighted Abraham's faith or his his humanity. He never highlighted the humanity of any other man. And as a matter of fact, he let us see the humanity of these men subject unto like passions such as we are. But what was it that was highlighted? God in them. Amen. So you and I would be able to look and take hope for the God that's in us. Hallelujah. What things I count not myself, Paul said, to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before me. I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded. Now, think of this. You can never get anywhere if you're still chained to your past. Amen. You You can't. But this is where this is what the blood of Jesus Christ comes to do. It comes to relieve you of your past. That's what the spirit of God comes to do in your life. It comes to relieve you of your past. It isn't doesn't it isn't coming out to say, "Oh, you weren't guilty. Oh, it was just I'll tell you if your mom and dad or if this hadn't been No, no, no, no. It brings us to that place of realization when we can recognize oursel as wrong but come to that place by the spirit of God coming into our life that I am free. I have truly been forgiven. Hallelujah. Now you'll have it in your listen listen. You'll have it in your memory. Sure. That's right. In the gate of memory that's in your spirit realm. You are flesh, spirit, and body. in that gate of the spirit called memory. There's a lot of memory. Some of you right now and I maybe could put up a picture and it reminds you something from your childhood where that's in the gate of memory in your human spirit. Right? But you see within that gate there's a lot of memories. There's a lot of memories that we look at and say, "Man, I don't want to go down that particular hallway. I don't want to go down that way." But listen, listen, listen. When you can recognize from the desire from within that that hallway and where I used to be that I am no longer there anymore. God's grace has come into my life. I have been freed from that. Oh, brother Samuel, you don't know how dark my hallway is. And I don't need to know how dark it is. But listen, the Lord Jesus Christ went to the lowest part of hell and he deposited the sin debt of the whole world and he rose up on that Easter morning and he sent the gospel to your life to let you know that there's no situation too great. [Music] And God will take your life where others wrote off. Others said, "Oh, nothing about that life." And God will take your life and your life will be a trophy of overcoming grace forgetting those things that are behind because the blood of Jesus Christ, the spirit of God gives you permission to forget them. I'm going to preach here now. This is coming. How many remember the woman of Zerapath? Right. Yeah. The woman of Zerapath here she came and God raised up her son or by because of the the meal barrel and the oil cruise. Right. They were ready to die. Is that right? And here she was. She she obeyed the word of God and a miracle came to where her and her son was sustained from then on. True. Right. But then there came a day that her son died. Come on, somebody help me. Stay right with me now. Her son died and and watch the devil got on her shoulder. She looked at Elijah and said, "Are you come to call my sins into remembrance?" Is that why God took my son because of my sins? But you see the spirit of God in that particular scripture right there. God took that child through Elijah and took it in the prophet's chamber and God showed her by raising her child that what you thought was against you, all of your sins have been removed. Hallelujah. That was the third pull of the word in action in her life because she said, "Now I know that the word of God is in thy mouth." Hallelujah. Boy, I tell you right now, hallelujah. [Music] You ought to put that devil under foot right now. I got beside myself and over months and months and looking at that, didn't know whenever that's going to come out, but it came out fresh right now. I tell you right now, I tell you, God, listen to me. God never sent a message to bring up and dig up your past. God sent a message that your past could be dealt with and put under the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, this situation, it happened to me. Don't let the devil try to interpret it. Let God interpret it. Look where the desire of your heart and your life and look what God is saying to your life. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. How many know that tension's a blessing? You probably think, "Wait a minute, man. What in the world is this guy?" But, you know, I don't know for sure cuz I don't look underneath these newer automobiles. I think they got belts. I don't know. Some of these engines they got nowadays, I don't know if they took them out of mopeds and put them in cars or what, but we won't go there. But, you know, you have to have a belt upon those pulleys on that engine. And that belt has attention. You and I just can't put that belt on me if you have certain tools and you're you're you know, you're able to do that. You can, but you just can't go and snap it on. It has to have a tension about it. And if that belt happens to break or maybe one of your pulleys happen to break, you're not going anywhere. Ain't that right? So without that tension in the engine, you don't go nowhere. That's right. And when you understand it was a tension in your life and in my life even before becoming a Christian, that's what really drove us to Christ. Yeah. What caused you to start to think and to wonder? Wonder wonder why I'm here? Wonder where I should be? Why? Why is it? What's What is it that's different about me? I mean, wonderful people all around, but what is this? What what's what's it's a tension? It's something you couldn't get settled. And then when God comes into your life, it's a constant reflection in your life. Lord, am I pleasing to you? You see, as a Christian, we don't relieve tension by becoming a Christian. Is that right? Brother Ram said many times they'll tell people, "Oh, you're free from worry." That ain't true. You still do. You're concerned about what? the things of God. And it isn't sometimes, yes, we can get a doctor's report, things can come our way. Oh my. And when that doctor's report comes and we're reading it, you know what happens? The enemy wants to pull us out to live between those two desires and we start to try to start looking at it. And then all of a sudden, we get on Dr. Google and Dr. Google has all the synopsis and everything else. If you're feeling this way, oh yeah, I I think I am. And and and all these other things around us. And you see, the more that we read that, I'm not talking to ignore things and be ignorant. I'm talking about the more that we give ourselves to it, the more that we find ourselves being pulled toward that other. And the only place there is of real victory through it all is to abide in his presence and say, "Lord, I commit this unto you." And I know that's sometimes sometimes as far as in ourselves. It's not something that's so easily done. And yet we can go to the Lord and say, "Father, help me, Lord. Lord, to lay this request, Lord, before you. I trust you, Lord. I'm looking to you, Father." So, there is a blessing. Tension itself is a blessing because we're constantly in that place. Am I pleasing to you, Lord? Now, let me say this to you. That's something when the spirit of God as he moves into your life, Lord, am I pleasing you? Am I am I pleasing you, Lord, today? Is my walk pleasing you? Not just something we just take for granted. Listen friends, the rapture itself, let me just say this. The rapture itself is not going to be because of all of our good works. Do you understand that? The rapture itself and listen, the reason that we are part of the rapture because our name's on the lamb's book of life. Because some of the ways and times that we've got slothful and lazy and sometimes indifferent and all of these things and got between them desires, you know what? God could just man alive. These people, I'm telling you, after all that I've done for them and they're now right back into this place, you know why? You know, when it all comes down to it, you and I will not stand there on that day and say, "Lord, it's because I did this and Lord, it's because I did that." It will be by the grace of Almighty God. And it's the same grace that works upon our life right now as we're maturing in the Lord. It brings us into that place, Lord, am I pleasing to you? Is my life pleasing to you? I mean, you think about you think about even interactions you've had maybe on the job. Did I did I say that in the right way? Did I did I approach that way even with my wife or with my children? Did I say it in the right way? Did I did I approach that with that brother, that sister? You begin to reflect because we recognize no matter who a person is, that is a soul and I want to please you, Lord. Praise the Lord. No wonder Paul said, "They that sleep, they sleep in the night." But let's be sober and watch. We're living in an hour where people don't even have to be drinkers and could be drunk. Now, I'm not talking about drunk on just natural alcohol. I'm talking about drunk on the cares of life. Can become drunk on fashions. drunk on media, drunk. Look, the Bible tells us that that she has a cup of fornications, and all of those who sip on that cup. When you understand what that's saying in the book of Revelations, go back to the book of Proverbs, that every harlot would have a special mixture to where her mixture would separate her from other harlots. to where when they would take that cup before going into that harlot, they would take of that cup and it would so invigorate them, but it was to stand out by the mixture from others. Her special mixture would cause hers to stand out. Let me tell you, the Bible says that concerning that church that looks so holy and crosses everywhere and everything. But remember, she has a cup and that cup says you can be whatever you want to be, do whatever you want to do. Jesus loves you. It's all right. We're all going to heaven. Everything's all No, no, no. There is a provided way. The blood of Jesus Christ made a way for you and I that where we do not have to live in sin, we can live above it. And that's why we don't want that cup of fornication. We want the cup of salvation. David said, "I will take the cup of salvation. I will take of his life." Amen. You love him. Amen. Let me read this to you and I'll close here. Promise said like this. He says, "Oh God," he said, "I'm happy this morning that thy redeeming grace, thy son has redeemed us from a life of sin. And when I seen my own body withering away, getting old, turning gray, wrinkling up, yet I know that beyond this shadow here, yonder lays the body not made with hands. Yonder lays that immortal one waiting. and that someday when life is pulled from this body, I'll awake a new in his presence yonder to be with him through the ages to come. God, let every man and woman this morning that has this hope in them purify themselves from the things of the world and these little old petty things that would drag them down and keep them miserable. Amen. Let them be happy Christians serving thee. Grant it father through Jesus name thy son. I say amen. Amen. Amen. You see the grace of God moving down for our lives. Lord grant to us to lay aside these things as the spirit of God just moves right through our lives. Let's stand. Deals with our hearts. Causes us to reflect. Causes us to examine our lives. Listen friends. I don't want I don't want to go I don't want to go into a place I I wouldn't want to be a part of of a church or something where there's no reflection. I I don't want to just be patted on the back, right? I don't want to be patted on the back because listen, on the day of judgment, there's going to be a lot of disappointed people. As a matter of fact, there'll be those standing on the white throne in judgment and say, "How in the world did I get here? How in the world did I get here? I thought there'll be a lot of I thoughts." You see, but God, listen, God is not in the business of shaming us. He's not in the business of putting us down. He's not in the business of condemning us. God's in the business of saving us. God's in the business of ministering his word and his grace to our lives. You know what? God wants to see himself reflected in you or me. I want to go all the way, Lord. I want to go all the way. If I don't want to just live between two desires. I don't want to try to satisfy two things. I don't want to plurge. Listen, friends, if there's one thing we we should do. Listen, listen. Every one of us have been there, maybe. And there's other things some of us how we're natured. Man, maybe you get into building a project and man, you you get right into that project. And you know, God's made us the ways that we are. And you're not going to strip that out as far as how that you're made to give yourself and be so channeled towards something. But you know, don't ever let the natural things of this life become the first priority of your mind and your meditation. Let everything be placed underneath him. H how do how do I relieve how do how do I how do how do I relieve things in my life? Just get into him. Just get more into him. Like that I told you about those ice cubes coming in a cup of water. Just just let more get more of God in your life. just lay in his presence and taking more in. Just listen friends, uh anointing and being in the presence of God is a wonderful thing, but you need to feed on the word of God. The things even that after we've left right here this morning, even if as we dismiss from here, listen, we're going to worship here in a few minutes and let the word just let it be watered in. But don't just let it stop right there. Because if you do, that's idolatry, right? If all we do is walk away from this service and man that was a good service and don't do nothing about it, don't pray, don't ask God, Lord, what you were saying today, Lord, I don't want to live between two desires. Amen. I want to live from that realm where a son and daughter of God is called to live. I don't I don't want to I don't want to be idle, Lord. I don't want to just stay in the same place. And Lord, I want I want a real reflection in my life. I don't want to just take of where I think I am. I don't want to do that. I want to see. Lord, show me. So, you see, after a service that's like this, it isn't just something that stops right here. Boom, boom, boom. Like microwave, like instant mashed potatoes. Ma, we leave out of here. No, this is a service. It continues to bring reflection in our life. It should. Amen. It should cause us to think very deeply in our lives. And let me just tell you something. The things that God can do right here in this service and what started, it's hard to tell. There are lives that could leave right out of here this morning. And even as you're going home, maybe through the week, the Holy Spirit will come down. And maybe there's lives that's never received the Holy Spirit. But right there, maybe in the moment of just a reflection in your life, and just in that surrender, the Holy Spirit will drop right down with such an assurance. Don't limit God to just these four walls. Amen. What God starts, you continue to give yourself to and say, "I'm not going to be an idol." I D L E. I'm going to go on, Lord. Amen. And no matter where you're at within your walk with God, Lord, I want to yield that you can grow. I want more of him. Amen. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, Lord, your ways are so much past us finding out. Father, you know that months and months ago, Lord, many months, this thought, Lord, the outline, you also know, Lord, how that you dealt with my heart as we've been looking at Ruth. Father, I just [Music] I know, Lord, that you're mindful of all of our needs, [Music] Lord Jesus, in everything we we want to do our very best, Lord, for you. We want to give, Lord God, of ourselves that you might be glorified. That Lord, our lives might be helped and encouraged. Lord, we see an hour of a great trouble. Oh yeah, there's trouble all around us. But Lord, the great trouble is trying to live between two desires. Lord, I pray right here this morning throughout this congregation. Lord, it's a moment, Lord, to really make a real decision in our lives. Every time the gospel is preached, there's a decision. And there's a choice to be made. Lord, I pray may Lord, as we take from this here this morning, may that decision, Lord God, may it resound from our heart. Lord, I'm not going to be idol. Lord, forgive me for being idol. Grant it, Lord. Yes. May you just Lord I pray as your grace is moving just right among us Lord as that last quote that I read there Lord Father as sons and daughters of God that have this hope within us to purify ourselves. That's what you said in 1 John chapter 3. They that have them hold this hope within us purifyth themselves even as he is pure. Lord God, we're drawing from that pure source. Lord, I thank God of how everything around us, we see the world, we see the systems, we see the crumbling, Lord. God, we see such hatred and such vitriol. Oh, but Lord Jesus, we recognize, Lord, that this this world must pass away. the system that's upon the earth. We're not of this world, Lord God. We're in it, but not of it. I pray, Lord, if there's any here this morning that is still walking, Lord, under that, Lord, may they, Lord, lift up their head, Lord. Father, if there's any, Lord, and maybe the enemy, Lord, has wanted to get on their backs, Lord, for living between two desires, may they, Lord, raise up their hearts to you and say, "Lord, I'm not going to live here no longer, Lord. I'm taking my side with Jesus. I'm taking sides with Jesus." Oh granted, Lord God, may the grace of God, I pray, Father, for every heart right here this morning, Lord, may you sweep down, Lord. I pray, God, Father, to every open heart, Lord, according to the needs, Lord, that we have, Lord, in our lives, Lord, I pray. Give strength, give grace, Lord God, to each and every heart, Lord. Oh, granted, Lord God, may they see you, Lord. Not look, Lord, at themselves. they'll never get anywhere. True, there's reflection, but Lord God, how can we rightly reflect in our lives without seeing you, Lord? Because you're the target. You're the mark. You're the absolute Lord. Oh, God. And then we can look to you. Look away to Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith. Oh God, may we take Lord the admonition in Hebrews 12. Lay aside every weight and every sin that does so easily beset us and let us run this race with patience. Lord God granted this morning, Lord. We don't want to be idle, Lord. We want to be moving on, drawn closer to you. Help us, Lord. Lord, our daily and our daily walk. It's the simple things, Lord. It's a little things, little foxes that spoil the vine. It's not great big things. It's little things that we leave undone. It's a little things, Lord, and neglect here and neglect here. Oh God, if there's one thing about it, Lord, this word, this message that you've sent us, it doesn't, Lord God, it's not here to puff us up. But father truly it's here to cause us to see you're all that we have need of. Lord, I'm depending on you, Lord, every step of the way. Yes, Lord. Lord God, you've been faithful. You've been merciful. You've been long-suffering, Lord God. Father, you've been a faithful tutor, Lord. Oh, Lord Jesus, help us. May the spirit of God just sweep it through this congregation, Lord. I pray this morning may we Lord be able to stand Lord with that declaration as Paul could reflect back and be able to declare what was advantage Paul and disadvantage Christ. He was able to recognize what was it that would impede his walk with you. He said everything is lawful but all things are not expedient unto me Lord Jesus. It's not because we have to. I want to Lord, there's things Lord that you lead us to lay aside. And Lord, sometimes it's not even things that are sinful. It's just Lord, the more more in love with you, there's things that all of a sudden we realize that just is fading out of our life. It's no longer I have to I have to have this and importance. Why? Because of you, Lord. Oh God, I pray may every heart, Lord God, may each one have that relationship with you, Lord. May we have that kind of a reflection, Lord, because it's not you, Lord God. Your eyebrows squeezed together looking down on us, Lord, to try to bring such fear in our lives. No, that's not it at all. You want us to serve you because we love you. And how can we love you without your love being projected to us? As you Lord God gave it through John and John said, "We love him because he first loved us." Oh God, I pray right here this morning, Lord, if there's a heart that's never rose to that place to believe what you did for them on Calvary. May they, Lord God, I pray. May they, Lord, even within right now, that confession move within their mouth. I believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. I believe what he did for me. I believe that all sin, debt, all sin was settled right there at Calvary. I believe the backbone of Satan was broke right there at Calvary. Hallelujah. He's my lamb. I believe that he died for me. Every habit, every situation right there was met at Calvary. And he rose again for our justification. We are justified by faith by believing on the Lord Jesus Christ and the spirit of God moving in your heart to bring about that belief to stay there and to believe him and you watch. It's not what you stop. It's what believing on him will do in your life. The habits will flee from your life. Spirits will flee by believing on him. And he himself who begun the good work, he'll move right in and cap off with his faith and seal you with the spirit of God. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. How many say, Lord, lead me on. Lead me on, Lord. Lead me on. No matter where you're at in your walk with God, Lord, lead me on. I want to go on, Lord God. I want to go on. I don't want to live between two desires. I want to go on, Lord. I want to live, Lord God, from that realm that you've called me to live in. Listen, sons and daughters of God, remember the prophet standing on the platform, that maniac walked up there. Remember that man in the spirit that was on that man was trying to get the prophet out in that other realm. But he said at that moment he said, "I chose to think different thoughts." That poor man. He don't even know what he's doing. You know what he did? He surrendered himself to the inner man. And it wasn't that man. It wasn't a flesh and blood affair. It was the spirit that was anointing that man that was challenging the spirit of God. And it allowed the spirit of God to come and take up the challenge. Say, Lord, that's where I want to live. That's where I want to live, Lord. In my home, among the body of Christ, I want to live, Lord God, behind the veil. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Don't you love him this morning? Lord God, just have all of us, Lord. Have all of me, Lord. M help me sing. Amen. In the name of the Lord Jesus. [Music] Pent [Music] the waterers. Oh my soul long and worth thee. Lord, you alone all my heart desire and I toship. Oh yes. For you alone are my sword, my shield. [Music] May my spirit. Oh, you alone are my God. desire and thus to worship me. [Music] Oh, I want you. Oh yes. More than gold. More than gold or silver. Only you you can sisfy. Oh, that's right. That's right. You are You alone are the real joy giver and the apple. Hallelujah. Oh, you are my strength, my [Music] you alone may my spirit. Oh, you alone are my God. Yes, Lord. desire and I long to worship you. You are my friend. You're my friend. Oh yes. And you are my brother. Even though you are the king. Lord, I want you more than gold. More than any other. [Music] Oh, you are my strength. My strength to you alone may my spirit. Oh, you are. You alone Lord my heart desire and I long to worship you. You belong and you are my strength my shield. You alone may my spirit. Oh, you [Music] desire toship. [Music] Yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How do you describe? Listen to my heart. Oh, how do you excel? Yes. Oh, how do you dism [Music] [Music] runs as deep as it is while [Music] Oh, you know All I know, Lord, you know all I need. And words cannot express the love we feel, but we long for you to hear. Oh, listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. [Music] Oh, along the praise that flows from those you have redeemed. [Applause] Oh, and we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. Oh words are not enough to lift you up our love. So listen to our hearts. Oh, if words could fall rain. Oh, in this heart of mine. Yes, Lord. Lord, a thousand years. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, let's just worship him now. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. So if you listen to my heart, [Music] everything will say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. So listen to our hearts. Listen to us. Hear our spirit sing. Oh, praise. It's a praise that flows from those you have. Oh yes. Hallelujah. And we will use the words we know to tell you why awome God. Hallelujah. [Music] Tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. One more time. my soul. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. Oh praise that flows from those you have redeemed. Hallelujah. Oh, and we will use the words we know to tell. You are an what an awesome God. Awesome. You are and when words are not enough to tell you are. So listen to our heart and we will use the words we know to tell you what and awome God. Oh, and the words are not enough to tell you is this song. [Music] Hallelujah. All the way. I'm going all the way. M all the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. All the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way. [Music] All the way. Hallelujah. All the way. All the way. I'm going. I'm going all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way. All the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way. Oh, I made Oh, I made my Hallelujah. I made my choice. My choice. I see. I'm going all the way. Hey, I'm going home. with the Lord. I've drawn the line drawn the line. Going all the way. No turning back. [Music] from my hand. Hallelujah. Going all the way. Hallelujah. All the way. I'm going all the way. Hey, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I am going all the way with the Lord. You know the Bible says, "They that live godly in Christ shall suffer persecution." There's one thing about it. You get closer and closer to the Lord, you find just like declarations. Remember I read that to you this morning. Soon as you you make up your mind, even from what God has spoken here, Satan's going to be there to try to contest it. But press through that. Amen. Just look him straight in the face and say, "You're a liar." The blood speaketh better things. Amen. There's no doubt throughout this service, every one of us, there's things that God has spoken that you can put right back in the devil's face. Let me tell you, he's a guy that has a bow with no arrows. That's right. Are you hearing me? Riding with a bow with no arrows. But you've been given a word. Amen. Amen. And the word is neither even in thy mouth. Amen. I'm going to press on, Lord. I'm going to press on like when the prophet came out from that vision. Keep pressing. Keep pressing. Keep pressing. Keep pressing. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Why don't you shake hands with one another as you're being dismissed? Amen. So good to have each and every one of you in our gates. God bless you. Remember the fire pit fellowship tonight at 6. Going all the way. [Music] Oh, I have made my decision and I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm drawn the light. I'm going all the way. Oh, yes. I've made my decision and I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with the Lord. Lord, all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way. Oh yes. All the way. Oh, this all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh yes. All the way. Yes. I am going all the way. Yes. Yes. I am going all the way with my loyal turning back. Oh no. turning back. Bless you, buddy. I'm going all the way. Oh, I have draw and I going all the way. Oh, no turning back. Oh, I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. All the way. Yes, all of the way. Yes, I am going all the way. Oh yes, all the way. I am going all the way. I am going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. Yes, I'm going all the way. [Music] Oh. Oh. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. Oh, this is how I fight my battles. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh, this is how I fight my battles. Oh, this is how I fight my battles. For this is how I fight my battle. I'm going to praise the Lord. It may look like Oh, it may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Oh Lord, it may look like that I'm surrounded, but I am surrounded by you. Oh yes, it may look like that. I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Oh Lord, it may look like, but I'm surrounded. I am surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I find my battles. Oh, this is my battles. This is how I find my battles. I'm going back. Oh, this is how I find my battles. Oh, this is how I find my battles. This is how I find my battles. I'm going to pray. Yeah, my wife. It may look like It may look like that. I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Yeah. Oh, it may look like that I'm surrounded, but I am surrounded by you, oh Lord. Oh, it may look like that I'm surrounded. But I am surrounded by you, oh Lord. It look like I'm surrounded. But I am surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I find my battles. Oh, this is how I find my battle. Oh, this is how I find my battle. With the word, with the word of my God. Oh, this is how I find my battles. Oh, this is how Oh, this is how I find my battle. Oh, with the word of God. It may look like It may look like that I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Oh, it may look like that I'm surrounded, but I am surrounded by you. Oh Lord, yes, it may look like that I'm surrounded, but I am surrounded by you. Oh Lord, it may look like that I'm surrounded, but I am surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I find my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. Oh, with the word of God. Oh, this is how I fight my battles. Oh, this is how I fight my battle. Oh, this is how Oh, with the I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubt, holding my shield of faith. And I feel no alarm when the enemy comes. When he comes in like a thug, I'm going to raise up my standard. And I I'm going to turn up. I'm going to turn up my praise and I'll drown out my doubt. holding my shield of faith. Oh, and I feel all alone. That's when the enemy comes. Comes in like a flood. I will raise my standard and I'll overcome. Well, devil, can you hear me? This light is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. Oh, victory may be in Jesus, but Jesus lives in me, too. And so, I'm going to turn up my praise. And I'll show you what faith can do. I'm going to turn up my praise and I'll try my doubt holding my shield of faith and I'll feel no alone. That's when the enemy comes. When he comes in like a flood, I'm going to raise up my standard and I will over one more time. Devil, can you hear me? Devil, can you hear me? This line is for you. Oh, you have no power over what I go through. The victory may be in Jesus, but Jesus lives in me, too. So, I'm going to turn my praise and I'll show you what my faith can do. Oh, I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out my doubt, holding my shield of faith. And I will feel no alarm. When the enemy comes, when he comes in like a flood, I'm going to raise up my standard and I'll overcome. I'm going to turn up my praise and I'm drown out my doubt holding my shield of faith and I feel no alone when the enemy comes in like a blood I will raise up my standard and all overcome. It's when the enmy comes in. He comes in like a flood. I'm going to raise up my sin. overcome. [Music]
