################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-26 - Church Order 15 - Subject to the Spirit 2 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-26
Title:   Church Order 15 - Subject to the Spirit 2 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rp1D7syVyck
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
35:52 - Ministry
1:57:40 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Yes. With a heart of thanksgiving, I'll bless thee, oh Lord. With my hands, With my hands lifted up, and my mouth filled with praise, oh Lord, with the heart of thanksgiving, oh Lord, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. Let's sing him once again. I'll bless thee. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Yes, I'll bless thee, oh Lord. Yes, with a heart of thanksgiving. Oh yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, with my hands lifted up. Amen. And my mouth filled with praise. Yes. the wind of thanksgiving. I will bless I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, let's just sing once again. Sounds real good. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Yes, Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, with my hands lifted up. Yes, Lord. And my mouth filled with praise. Oh, filled with praise, with a heart of thanksgiving. Oh yes. I'm going to bless thee, oh Lord. With my hands, with my hands lifted up and thy mouth filled with praise. [Music] Oh, with a heart of thanksgiving, [Applause] I will bless. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what we plan to do tonight to bless the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this little course before we take the purpose. Amen. How many Amen. Let's How many wants to bring a sacrifice of praise to the Lord tonight? Amen. Cuz he's worthy of all praise. Let's sing this little course. Amen. Oh, will we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord? We bring, oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise, oh into the house of the Lord. And we offer unto you. Oh, the sacrificees of thanksgiving. And we offer unto you the sacrificees of joy. Oh, let's see that once again. We bring Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise. Oh, into the house of the Lord. Oh, we bring we bring the sacrifice of praise into into the house of the Lord when we offer unto you. Yes, Lord Jesus, the sacrificees of thanksgiving. Oh, we offer unto you. Oh, the sacrifice, sacrifice of joy. Oh, I sing it once again. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise. Oh, into the house [Music] of our Lord. Oh, where we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer And we offer offer unto you the sacrifice of thanksgiving. And we offer you offer unto you the sacrificees of joy. Let's all stand. Let's stand just one more time. For we bring the sacrifice of praise. Yes, we do. [Music] Oh our Lord, we bring the sacrifice of praise, hallelujah, into the house of the Lord. And we offer unto offer unto you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. And we offer unto you the sacrificees of joy. And we offer unto you the sacrificees of joy. Joy. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what we come to do tonight. Amen. To worship the Lord Jesus. Amen. Worship him in spirit and truth. Amen. Aren't you glad that you have that privilege to worship the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords? Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad that he has never failed a promise. Amen. My God keeps every promise. Amen. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Praise God. Amen. I'm so glad about that. So thankful for it. And we just can't praise the Lord enough. Amen. We certainly can't. Amen. He's so good to us and faithful. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God once again and on a Thursday night. Still a little warm outside. Amen. But that don't matter. Amen. We're just good. We're just going to worship the Lord anyhow. Amen. Is that all right tonight? Amen. Praise God. Amen. Certainly glad to be in in church. Amen. AC don't AC is pretty nice, too. Amen. We just have a few prayer requests tonight. How many knows that the God that you serve, the God we just sang about, is able to meet these needs? Amen. I believe he is, too. Amen. I certainly believe he's more than able. Amen. This is uh prayers for sister Roseanne for safe travels. Amen. So remember our sister. Amen. She's not with us tonight. Just pray that God just be with her. Keep her safe on the roadways. Um this is for uh for sister Carmen Bosley. Uh needs healing. She isn't feeling well. Amen. So remember our sister tonight in prayer that God just be with her and touch her tonight. Amen. This is a healing for sister Maria. She's dealing with pain around her knee. Amen. So remember our sister tonight. I know she would love to be here tonight, but we just I know she's no doubt stream. We just pray that that same healing power the Holy Ghost will be in that home tonight. Amen. Just touch our sister. Amen. This is from Sister Gomez. Says, "Prayers for Linda Linda Dvilla. The Lord knows her need and also for salvation unsafe loved ones." It's from Sister Gomez. This is also from Sister Gomez says, "Prayer for Marco Miranda. Uh he needs a healing touch." So remember him in prayer that God would just be with him and touch him tonight. God certainly knows the need. This from sister Stephanie says to please continue to pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Lanny to come back to the Lord. Also for my daughter Emily Wilson. uh she was referred to a heart specialist. So remember those needs in prayer. Many serious needs and many needs that you know no matter what the need is there's nothing too great for our God. There's nothing too great for our Lord. Amen. You believe that tonight. Amen. Let's just go for him in prayer. Amen. If you have a need like just make up known by lifting hand, you certainly can as well. Let's go for him in prayer. Lord Jesus, Lord, how we just so love you tonight. Lord, how we just so thank you and appreciate you, Lord. [Music] Lord, the songs that we sing, Lord Jesus, that Lord, we will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving, Lord Jesus. Lord, we come tonight, Lord Jesus, with Lord Jesus, with thanksgiving in our hearts, Lord Jesus. Lord, so thankful that you're here, Lord Jesus. So thankful that you're in the ship, Lord. I'm so appreciate that message, Lord, on Sunday, Brother uh Brother Rap had spoken. We just so thank you, Lord. We know that was you, Father. Lord Jesus, and Lord Jesus, all the different trials and different things that we go through, Lord Jesus. Lord, we don't we don't go through them alone, Lord Jesus. You said you'd be right there with us, Lord, even in us, even until the very end of time, Father. And how thankful we are for that, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that we can come to you, Lord Jesus, with anything that we're dealing with, Lord Jesus. Whatever need it may be, Lord Jesus, you already have a way provided, Lord Jesus, for healing, Lord Jesus, for salvation, Lord, for deliverance, Lord, for the Holy Ghost, Lord. You have it all, Lord Jesus. Lord God, you've already provided that way, Lord. All we have to do, Lord, is just believe, Lord, and accept it, Lord Jesus. Lord, because only thing a believer can do, Lord, is believe, Lord. And we are believers, Lord Jesus. So Lord, we just Lord, all these Lord requests, Lord Jesus, tonight that we're on this desk, Lord Jesus. We know there's not one need that's too great for you, Father. Lord Jesus, I pray, Lord, you meet each and every single one of them, Lord Jesus. We pray you be with Lord uh Lord, the ones in a healing touch, Lord, for Sister Maria, Lord Jesus, and just pray to touch her and help her, Lord. For those that are traveling, Lord, Sister Rosanne, we just pray you'd be with her, Father, Lord. And we just pray that Lord, Lord, tonight you just be with us in this remainder part of the service, Lord. Help us to create an atmosphere, Lord Jesus, that you may feel welcome, Lord. That's what we want. We want you to feel welcome in this place, Lord Jesus. And um Lord, we just ask that you, Lord, you be with Brother Samuel on the back, Lord Jesus. And may you give them the words of life to speak to us as your people. May we have ears and hearts to receive, Lord, your word and what you have for us tonight. Lord, we're so excited to be here, Lord Jesus. We're so thankful we get to come, Lord, to your house. Just one more time. just pray you bless the songs. Bless musicians. Bless the gifts you place with them, Lord. May we anoint them tonight, Lord. Help us to just worship you in spirit and truth. Lord, we love you. We thank you, Father. We commit the rest of the night to your hands in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Man, God bless you, saints. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. I'll tell you what, I'm so I'm so glad to be in the house of God. How about you? Amen. Can't think of no better place to be than the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. Great are you, Lord. You give life. You are love. Amen. Oh, he's greatly to be praised. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You give light. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. Do you give all? Would you restore every heart that is broken? [Music] Oh, great are you, Lord. Say right there. The first verse, you give life. Amen. You give life. You are love. Lord, you bring light to the darkness. You give hope. Yes, Lord. You restore every heart that is broken. Hallelujah. Oh, great are you, Lord. It's your breath. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. vessel. Oh, great are you to roar. Let's see. You give life once again. Oh, you give light, but you are love, but you bring light to my darkness. You give hope. Yes, soul. You restore every heart that is broken. Oh, great are you. Oh, great are you, Lord. Oh, let the bride sing. It's your breath in our lungs. Oh, yes. So, we pour out our praise. soul. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. It's your breath. It's your breath in our lungs, soul. Yes. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. [Music] And oh great are you Lord. Hallelujah. And all the earth and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry and these bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. Oh, let's sing all the earth once again. Oh, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry and these bones will sing. Oh, great are you, Lord. Oh, sing. All the earth, all the earth and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry and these bones will sing. Oh great are you Lord. It's your breath. Oh it's your breath in our lungs. Yes Lord. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath. Yes, Lord. In our lungs, so we pour out our breath. It's your breath. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you all the great are you Lord. Oh and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry and these bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. And all of the earth and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. And these bones will sing, "Oh, praise are you, Lord." Lord, just one more time. All of the earth and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry and these bones will sing, "Oh, great. Are you one more time? It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you only. [Music] And oh great are you Lord. Oh yes. He's so great. Oh, great. Oh, are you Lord? Hallelujah. Oh, is he great tonight? Oh, he's so faithful. He's so good. Let's sing that song. And then when I look into your holiness, Amen. Hallelujah. That's what I want to do tonight. Just look into his holiness. Amen. Once again, when I look into your holyness, [Music] when I gaze into your loveliness, [Music] oh when all things that surround, they become shadows in the I love you. When I look once again. Oh, when I look into your holyness. Yes, Lord. When I gaze into your loveliness. Oh, when all things that surround, they become shadows in the light of you. Sing. When I found the joy. Yes. When I found the joy of reaching your heart. Yes, Lord. When my will becomes enthroned in your love, when all things that surround, they become shadows in the light of you. Sing, I worship you. I worship you my Lord. I worship you my Lord. For the reason I Oh, the reason why I have breath in my body, Lord, to worship you. Oh, I worship you, my Lord. I worship you, my Lord. For the reason I live is to worship you. Let's sing it once again. When I look into When I look into your holyness. [Music] When I gaze into your lovelyness, oh yes Lord, when all things that surround they become shadows in the light of you. When I found the joy, when I found the joy of reaching your heart. Yes. When my will becomes enthroned in your love. Yes, Lord. When all things that surround, they become shadows in the light of you. and the light of you. So I worship you my Lord. I worship you my Lord. You are the reason. Oh, the reason why I live to worship you. Oh, I worship you Lord. I worship you [Music] my Lord. I worship you my Lord. Oh the reason Lord the reason why I live is to worship you. I worship you. Oh, I worship you my Lord. I worship you my Lord. Oh, the reason the reason why I live is to worship you. Oh, [Music] hello. [Music] How we long to worship you. forever. Hello him. How we long to worship you, oh Lord. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. Yes, Lord. No matter what my circumstances, Lord, no matter what my sinuation, [Applause] I will lift. We will live our holy hands to enlightest Lord. Elohim. Oh, how we long to worship. How I long to worship you, Lord. Oh, oh, how we long to worship you. Oh, and here we are in Satan's Eden. Oh my. And darkness covers all the land. But with his holy spirit, oh with your spirit here to guide us with righteousness, Lord, we will rise and stand. Oh my soul. And again, I belong to worship you. to life. Oh, [Music] how we long to worship you. Lord, we come, Lord, we come to you in worship. Yes, Lord Jesus. No matter what my circumstance, it's because of who you are. No matter what my situation, yes, Lord, I will lift the whole holy hands unto life. Oh, hallelujah. How we long to worship you. Oh, to oh, oh, how we long to worship you. Sing once again. Here we are. And here we are in Satan's Eden. Oh, and darkness covers all the land. But with your spirit here to guide us in rightuousness will rise and stand. Oh to light hello. Oh, how we long to Yes, Lord Jesus. Want to worship you, Lord Jesus. Oh, well. Yes, Lord Jesus. Elohim, how we long to worship. One more time to Eli. Oh well. [Music] Oh well him. How we long to worship you. Oh well. Oh well. How we long to worship you. Oh, and how we long to worship you. [Music] Oh, how we long to worship you. And oh shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Oh power and majesty. Praise to the king. Let's all sing. The mountains bow down and the seas do roar at the sound of your name. I sing and I'll sing for joy at the works of your hands. Oh Lord, forever I'll love you, God. Forever I'll stand. I know that nothing compares to this song. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, with you. Let's just worship the Lord just a little bit. Oh yes, Lord. My Jesus. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, Lord, I want to praise the wonders of your mouth, of your mighty precious love. Oh, he's my comforter. Oh, my coner. Oh, he's my shelter. The tower of reuge and strength. So let every breath all that I am. Oh never cease to worship. Never cease to worship you. I want to shout to the Lord. Shout to my Lord all the earth. Let all his bride sing. Yes, Lord. Praise to you, my king. Mountains bow down. Oh, and the seas say, "Oh, at the sound of your mighty, precious, wonderful name." And I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Oh Lord, forever I'll love you, Lord. Forever I'll sing. I know that nothing compares to this promise I have in you. Lift over and shout to the Lord. All the earth let us sing. Power and majesty praise to my king and your mountains bow down and the seas do roar at the sound of Lord. Oh, your mighty holy name. And I'll sing for joy. Hallelujah. At the words of your forever. I will love you forever. I say I know that nothing compares to the promise I have. Oh, I know that nothing compares to the promise I have. I know that nothing nothing compares to this proise I have in you. Yes, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, he's worthy. He's worthy tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. It's so good to be gathered together. So thankful for the grace of God and giving us strength to be here and um just want to remember um these requests um sister Miranda had mentioned that or was brought to our attention and that's uh it's been out there on the prayer thread um for the past couple days on regarding her son Marco. he had a heart attack and um so they they did stints, they put a couple stints in, but the extent of it right now is that they were at that point of deciding do they need to put more stances in or do an open heart surgery. And so they came to that decision to do an open heart surgery. So um we just want to continue to keep him in prayer. And uh I know also sister Ann Hannah was speaking with her and you know it's a lot for a mother. You always a mother. I was reminding her of how when the Lord grounded that plane in Memphis and how that uh that brother Ram said that auntie she she was praying and he said uh he said it was still mama's boy no matter the condition he was in. And uh you know my heart's desire as I spoke to sister Anna I said you know I know that that Marco's been very respectful in different things and I've I've come in contact with him multiple times in situations but I said we just pray that God not only God's in control but that God would would also not only direct the doctors but God would bring him to a place to really yield to what he knows is truth. Yes. Amen. Because you know, we we know we can we can be around and know what's truth, but it's when you yield to it. Amen. Amen. And may God just move also spiritually upon his heart. Amen. And just bring a real a real yielding there as well. So, we want to remember that in prayer and that the Lord would be with them and the family uh through that. Just give them just a real peace and a and a comfort as well through that. Um, also I had just on my heart before coming out just grab another prayer cloth for uh, Sister Maria here tonight. And so we minister with these, but I would like for us to join together in prayer and just to approach the Lord on behalf of these needs. And you also tonight, Brother Dave Senior, he's not here. And brother Dave, he's, you know, for it's been about a month now, and I've prayed with him on the phone and things, but he's been dealing with a real pain in his shoulder. And it's just been, it's just been almost unbearable. And, you know, different ones are dealing with pain and things like that. And I was in here earlier today and I just I just laid my hands right upon where both of them sat. I didn't know that if they'd be here tonight or not. But I believe the the fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. And I believe that's for every child of God. Amen. So, let's just these are needs in the body and uh it's an opportunity for God to move. And let's just take these requests. No doubt there's many unspoken requests. There's needs you have on your heart and there's nothing that's too difficult for God. Amen. Nothing that's impossible. Amen. Let's just approach him in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are standing here Lord by the grace of God as believers father. Oh God, believers in Lord this great end time message Lord that Father has revealed Lord you to us Lord has brought Lord a liberty Lord has brought reality Lord raising you up out of history. Oh, Father, we're so thankful, Lord, that you have restored and given your name, Lord, back to the church of the living God. So, we come, Lord, as you said in your word, ask the father, anything in my name, and I will do it. And you said, Lord, father, if two or three agree is touching any one thing, it shall be done. Now, Father, we're yielding our faith together, Lord, one with another as brothers and sisters, as fellow soldiers, Lord, there's those, Lord, among us, Lord, there are needs, Lord, that Father, that God, they need a divine touch from the great physician, Lord. And Father, we certainly believe, Lord, that you're no respector of persons. And Lord, distance means nothing to you, Lord. So Lord, we just ask Lord that the Holy Spirit, the enforcer of the word, Lord, would go, Father, Lord, to serve notice upon the enemy, Lord, tonight. And dear God, may you move, I pray, back every cloud, Lord, of of discomfort, of pain, Lord. And may you bring healing, Lord, as we mention here tonight, Lord, not only in the physical realm, but spiritually as well, Lord, for you care, Father. You're mindful of every need, Lord. Now, Lord, we commit this, Lord, into your hands, Lord. But Lord, we're your children and healing is the children's bread. Lord, we ask this right now, Father, for your glory, in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, we ask that you would just guide us as we Lord turn our hearts to look into the word. Speak to our hearts, Lord. My heart included, Lord. We desire to hear from you, Father. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. And if we could, let's let's turn in the scriptures here. And I would like to read a few verses of scripture before we let you be seated. And uh want to remind you this, Lord willing, we're going to try to at least this coming Sunday and to try to do the the fireside fellowship after um later there in the evening on Sunday and just to try to have that little little time that we have there. And I'm thankful, boy, I'm thankful we didn't have it on Sunday. We wouldn't needed fire, but uh we'll have it a little later in the in the evening when it would kind of cool down. And I'm I'm usually here of an evening anyhow. And I know how throughout the day and how the sun kind of really kind of is blocked back there about the time. And but my goodness, I'm thankful for the grace of God that seen us through those days. And uh I was texting back and forth that um brother Homer, he was just um just texting me here and just letting me know the meetings went well. And and so I said, "Man, did you bring the heat from Alabama up here?" Uh but uh he said, "No, we actually had 70s." And he said, "But now we're getting it." And you know, we're in the south. But uh so anyhow, God is good. Amen. Sometimes in things like that, it just makes you appreciate Amen. and being able to have, you know, air condition and things like that. So, um, let's look here in the scriptures and I just want to read a few places. I want to go from here and then we'll go into another place and then we'll let you be seated. In 1 Corinthians 14:32, the Bible says that the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets. So, we understand that's the spirit of God working will always be subject to the word of God or the order. And then in 1 Timothy chapter 3, I want to pull up here in 1 Timothy 3 in verse uh 14 and look here at this. And I want to say I thank God for the the ministry that God has allowed us to uh be able to come in here. We so have enjoyed the the ministering of the word and I really appreciated uh brother Rap here on Sunday. Amen. I really enjoyed that and just so much. And uh so 1 Timothy 3:14, "These things write I unto you, hoping to come unto thee shortly. But if I tar long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth, and without controversy. Great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifested in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, believed on in the world, and received up into glory. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word as you're being seated. Uh I want to take just another part here on this on uh subject to the spirit and um really dealing here tonight or and try to um wrap it up Lord willing by next week here with the part in dealing with uh in terms of when we look at correction and I sometimes that word uh can seem to be kind of um stinging but yet correction itself comes in so many different forms in so many ways And so that's the thing I also want to be able to look at here tonight that God uh God is not always in the business nor does he delight in always to where that correction itself would have to be a measure of judgment. But God delights on even to where we come to a place to be able to recognize his voice and then respond to that and there becomes a correction in our life. That's the whole the whole objective and how that even while the word is being preached. Uh there's things sometimes that the Holy Spirit will say so directly and then there's other times where the Lord will just be in the midst of the service and just as the word is coming forth there's things that will begin to drop and sink in and in our in our lives and we're just surrendering and submitting to that and that's all a work of the Holy Spirit. There's things at times where I know that I've prayed with different ones or received an email or text or whatever. And the very thing of how God has so personally dealt with maybe something within their life and they're just giving God thanks for that. It may not have even been anything that was said word for word, but in the presence of the word himself, my there's a so many things that can take place. And that's where understanding comes into our life because this is an hour of applying. It's a time that we're not this this you know the rapture is not for um that of a bank of knowledge to be mil to be built and lifted off but it's a time of the word being applied to our lives and God guides us and in such a way to be able to show and apply that word to our lives. And so here when we look at here in in the the scriptures back here in that uh verse we started with in 1 Corinthians 14:32. And I I want to say this that when we read here uh I've made this point many times but you can see in in the book of Corinthians if there had not been a struggle within this church dealing with the gifts we would not know the order. We wouldn't. So the reality is is that we what we read in first Corinthians and then you read over in 2 Corinthians. When you read in 2 Corinthians you hear no mention about the gifts and you're still doing this or still doing that because there was a correction that came but more importantly they themselves received that correction. And second Corinthians is the evident fruit of that. And so those are things that yet within every other letter, Ephesians, Galatians, on and on, you find that there in every church and that not only in every church in the writing, but every church that that even is among us, there's strengths and there's weaknesses and God knows the strengths and weaknesses. Sometimes we can only look at something on the outside and my everything is just so so wonderful and so this and that and you know but you get around a little bit and you realize hey everybody's human still and there's things of humanity that's there and you know and and it's like I've you hear it said and someone says I'm looking for the perfect church and you say well don't go there because you'll mess it up. So you realize that there's no perfect church but there is a perfect body and that's the body of Jesus Christ. And it's amazing how that God, you know, he doesn't have to uh come down and correct the trees and correct all the things of of that of of his creation. He doesn't have to correct the stars. But brother Bram says, "Oh, how that he has to work with us as human beings. But I'm glad he's willing to work with us. I'm glad that God is long-suffering. I'm glad that God for me on my life and on your life. I'm glad I could say personally that God never threw in the towel because I can look back on a lot of things and say, "My Lord, you've brought me a mighty long way." And when I look and see how far that he's brought me, it makes me know I've got a long way to go. It's because back then sometimes you're not even aware of certain things, but God in his grace is right there. Like brother Trevor preached, God didn't just send us out, but God's right there with us the whole time. And I'm so thankful that God is a faithful guide in every part of our life. And so when we look at this this element here that the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets uh the prophet you know he'll continue to use this scripture uh even in regards to even among you know the Pentecostals and those that were he was he was teaching and working with there in the in in the Brham tabernacle as well as around the world. There was quotes from all all services not just Brandham tabernacle because this is the prophet to the age. And so things that were mentioned in that time that undoubtedly it was a struggle sometimes for individuals we know it was for people to come to it even to the real baptism of the Holy Ghost. It was a struggle moving away from looking at uh evidences and coming to a place to recognize that it's not demonstrations you look for. It's the action of the person of Christ on the inside quickened to every word of God. And so the prophet had that I'm quoting that was a quote directly from Satan's Eden in 1965 where someone even says and brother Brandham rehearses it and says why isn't brother Brandham preaching on the Holy Ghost and brother Brandham just stops and says exactly what I just said. And you think to me, I've always looked at that point in the message and thought, who could ever sit and listen to the message and accuse Brother Brandham of not preaching on the Holy Ghost? But you see what it was? It was a lack of understanding of what the Holy Ghost was. That's why, as the prophet says, we can't take our denominational ideas and then try to mix them with this message. It's got to pass away. And the reality of it is this is just things that that myself that I've I've witnessed to over the years that sometimes there's things that we can accumulate that no one ever taught us. It's things that we've accumulated on our own. And yet when we can recognize and God by his grace, you know, God doesn't take anything out of our hands. But I'll tell you this, if anything God has given us, you can lay it down on the pew and you'll be able to take it back up when you walk out of here tonight. But if anything that is not of God, I don't want to take it back because it's actually not a help, not a benefit, not an edification, it's actually a hindrance. And so these are things that with teaching, not only in this scripture that you don't interrupt that that when a minister is speaking and someone standing up and speaking in tongues or the altar call is going on or it there there's a divine order that God has given and that's what the prophet set out through all of this. There is an order and we want to find that order. We want to operate in that order. That's where we want to move in because that's the blessing of God. And I want to just drop this in to you and perhaps we'll pick it up next week, but to understand that the church of the living God is not is not a lifeless being, but it's a living organism. Right. And meaning within that there are there are times where changes become necessary according to the conditions. And so this is exactly even when the prophet dealt with those that were starting out with gifts and then there was a change that was made later on and then even as he would revisit things and have them revisit things within the tabernacle from time to time. And I'm glad that God does that for each of our lives. As Peter said, as long as I'm here, I'm going to stir up your pure mind by way of remembrance. Is that right? So, so within this, when we look here at this very term of subject, this word itself uh is is a word that is not where someone is being made to do something. That that's not it at all. But it's the word that is used that means to subject oneself or to obey or to submit to one's control to yield to one's admonition or advice or to obey. You know, frankly, it is is that the prophet tells us God doesn't make anybody serve him. And that's that's even, you know, it's not it's a choice that is set before us. And this is even where predestination displays itself because when the light flashes across our path there, if there's something on the inside and and you know what, sometimes you got to give it time. Don't just make a judgment because well, they've been exposed to the light. Just give it time because if there is a seed that is there that's ordained to eternal life, they you you can they will not fail to come to eternal life. they will come to that because that is a part of God's word. And sometimes it takes such a time just sitting in the presence of God to melt away all of self and dissolve all of that. And you know what? I'm so glad that the spirit of God staying in his presence is there to melt away all of self. And I'll tell you this, the prophet says it very clearly when he when he says this in the message ashamed. And he talked about those who went out in Arizona, you know, and they really they weren't going to church. And brother Bram says, "What happens is when you stay out of the prince of God, you become sticky like these cactuses. But in order to stay fresh, in order to stay in a place of being moldable and yielded to God, you got to stay in God's presence." Now, let me just say this to you. You can read and not be in God's presence. You can pray and not be in God's presence. It matters how you come out of there. Let me give you an example. The prophet tells us that when someone has done you wrong. And he says, "But when you can get before the throne of God and then put yourself in that man's shoes, the only way you can do that is get in God's presence." And when you come back out, the prophet said, "When you come back out, you'll come back out thinking differently." Listen there. Listen, it's more you realize the presence of God is not religious duty. It's an atmosphere. It's coming into into that of of the very person of the word himself. And it changes your life. How many know what it is when you get in God's presence? And there can be all sorts of things on your mind and pressures and and you get into God's presence and even the things that would seem to be pressure or anxious about you get in his presence and for some reason those don't even have the same significance that they had before. What brought that about? Not not our humanness. His presence. It's his presence that can take a dry stick like Aaron's rod and cause it to blossom to bloom and produce fruit within just that period of time. What made the difference where it was at? So that's why God, we don't want to just go through religious motions because and you know and then read and pray. All of those things are are are good, but Lord, I want to come into your presence. That's why the prophet said, "You take the Bible, Lord, speak to me, Lord. I want to come into your presence because I just don't want to go through the motions and come out with the same attitude. I want to just give it to you, Lord. What a privilege it is to be able to cast our cares upon him for he cares for us. So to be able to to submit or to yield to one's control and that's a choice. That's a choice. We are seeing the result in this hour of the way that the church and everything has gone. And you know what? It was a choice. the message had been presented before the way that even the Pentecostals have gone. The way it's all a choice. God never made them do that. That's a choice they made not to yield to the word of God. And it was properly vindicated before them. So this word subject, it's not something of you're going to do this. It's it's voluntary. It's a word that means to arrange in a military fashion under the command of a leader. It's a voluntary attitude. A voluntary attitude of giving in or cooperating, assuming responsibility and carrying a burden. I would say that last part, a voluntary attitude, it totally sums up what God's desire is for a real submissive heart. It's not something that God has to look upon our lives and, you know, he's he's barreling down on us with angry eyes. If you don't do this, I'm going to zap you out of here. That's not love. Amen. Brother Bram says, "I wouldn't marry anyone that I you had to do that to. You can't trust them." God's not interested. It's a relationship. It's divine love. It's a voluntary attitude, not something that is is mandated, not something that you know God is just just demanding. God dem God demands reverence to his word, but he can't make you or I reverence his word. But when he sends his word forth, the children of God rise under the light of God in this hour. And what do they become? They become the expression of that word. What is it? a part that part of the wife that they're to play of the body of Jesus Christ. Yes. Just like putting, you know, liver cells into a body, it don't go to the foot, it goes to the liver. You put kidney cells in, it goes to the kidney. Who who directs it? We're intelligence. God even in the natural body was showing how the spiritual body is made up. Recognizing Christ in this hour, it's a voluntary attitude. cooperating, assuming responsibility and carrying a burden. Now, look how that the prophet when he would would bring this forth and he says it like this. The Holy Spirit will always the Holy Spirit feeds on the word of God and it'll recognize the word and be reverent. That's what the Holy Spirit will do. Now, notice, let's look at a few scriptures here. Peter writes this. Likewise, ye younger, submit yourselves, this is the same word, submit, yourselves unto the elder. Yay, all of you be subject one to another, and be clothed with humility. For God resisteth the proud, and giveth grace to the humble. So, we're here to serve one another. Right? Is that right? So, here it's a it's cooperating. Remember that voluntary attitude. It's all it's all working together for one purpose. No big eyes, no little use. There's one objective we have and that's to see Jesus Christ and him glorified. That's one there's that that objective. Anything outside of that, we we're we're off the mark. So to unto that that submission. Now notice how Peter or or Paul would write this to Titus. And I want you to I want to I want you to think of this. Here is a servant of God writing to that to those men of God that they would put the church of the living God in remembrance of these things. Put them in mind to be subject to principalities and powers and to obey magistrates and to be ready to every good work to speak evil of no man. And the church said to be no brawlers but gentle showing all meekness unto all men. So this scripture is not confined to just having the right behavior among people who are in these four walls. But it is to all men. It's an example. It's not something that's just put on that you know you know here around the right people. we're we act a certain way but in other situations we're testy and contestive and combat. No, no. This this is where the put put them in mind. So now when this is spoken here, you you think that you think that there weren't magistrates or situations of things that was easy to submit to there. No doubt among believers just like you and I have had bosses has have other people that we have had to submit to and God has allowed it to be in a certain way to test us to check and see is the degree of humility there as it should be. Amen. And if it's not, oh, as the children of God, we can rise and say, God, let me have that degree that's needed in this situation. Because the real reality is when God brings us into many situations, it's a point and a place to recognize our need for more of God. That's why the prophet standing there when the bull came, the man came across the platform. He said it like this. He said, "Oh, if I could only stay in that atmosphere all the time." So, it wasn't just him walking in that atmosphere everything. No, but every situation demanded him to do what? Submit himself to the word of God. Amen. And the word of God is not just this this this right here, this cannon. Not just letters, but it's the nature. Amen. It's the nature. It's the life. It's the person. This is why that in every situation is is that well, how are we going to deal with this? Well, first of all, we're going to deal with it and conduct ourselves like sons and daughters of God. Amen. That's why the Bible would say even in Philippians that, you know, don't don't be a reproach out there among, you know, crooked and a and and a wicked generation. Don't be a reproach, but be a light that shines. Let Christ, let his light shine through you. Amen. But this is a willingness. I understand these these scriptures when we look at them we understand that look Peter Peter was also one who wrote when they wanted to clo tell them you're going to stop preaching you're going to stop doing this that's where Peter drew the line because why it was an infringement upon God's word he said where to rather to obey obey God rather than Amen. Amen. But yet within this here when everything itself is right and lawful and everything else, boy, what a testimony that God would allow us to be able to have because you know, friends, let me just say this to you. You could be able to spit the message out left and right. And I believe in getting in the message. You could be able to spit out the scriptures left and right. But what good does all that do us if we don't have the character of it? Amen. If we don't have the character of it, then it's a reproach. I say this, I would rather have that character in my life than be able to spit out all the quotes and all the scriptures. I want my life to match his word. Because after all, that's where real leadership comes from in our homes. That's where leadership comes from is a living image, not a book of rules of dos and don'ts and we do this and they do that. It must be a living example, a vision that the children can follow. That's the truth. Now, 1 Peter 2:18, servants, be subject to your masters with all fear. That's reverence. Not only to the good and gentle. Ah, but also to the fro man. But you see what God is doing through even these situations that these are moments that God is working to bring forth his character out of our life. Amen. See when situations itself when God because you know what this requires? It requires the ability of the Holy Spirit in your life and my life to take the word, submit to the word, and then that to be displayed as we subject ourselves to others. And that takes more than human instrumentality. And let me just say this to you. The Holy Spirit is able to overthrow not only that old birth, that first birth, but he's able to come in and overthrow every complex. Hallelujah. He's able to master and bring into subjection every part of our life. How many witnesses to that? The Holy Spirit dealing with our hearts, moving in our lives. So, showing all showing showing all meekness unto all men. But notice Peter said to your masters with all fear, not only to the good and gentle, but also to the fraward. So, I just want to say that in everything that we do, it going to require sacrifice. Yeah, it's going to require sacrifice. You see, the Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost will always subject himself to his own word, right? And as I said moments ago, it'll be the character, it'll be the nature, and it'll be the order of his word. It'll always do that. So, we're looking for even in the conduct in the nature. So, now I want you to think of how look look even in the simplicity of uh the Ethiopian unic when he came the scriptures. This has always stood out to me in the scriptures. When he came, the Bible says that he was a man and he he knew what it was to be under authority. And I want you to notice how he knew. Look, watch this response. This was something in in the natural. You say, "Oh, it's it takes something, you know, uh, it's got to be something way after the spirit of God comes." No, remember why the prophet tells us why God chose Elisha. He said the reason God chose chose Elisha was because he could plow straight roads. I may look at that and think, well, oh, that that's based on ability. I I I think we I think we're think that's too shallow to look at it that way. I wonder how many times that Elisha went back over and back over and back over a row. It wasn't that every time that he hit the mark. I wonder how many times you might say he might have been a perfectionist, but what it was is God seen that he wasn't just going to let just anything go. It has to be straight. Amen. And I believe that's the same thing that burns within our hearts because this, listen, that part in you that desires that rest and that settleness because there is a place of rest and settleness in the Holy Ghost. There is a place of divine assurance. Amen. Hallelujah. The Roman centurion, even him, when he came, he recognized. And what was this? That was fear. That was reverence. He said, "I'm a man under authority." So, he was able to even respond within that way. Now, he's able to respond and and catch this now. So, it's going to take sacrifice. And I want you to see here within this of sacrifice. when brother Brandham, you know, when he was looking at many of these things and he's dealing with where the sacrifice would be. And he says, "Now, you're going to have to sacrifice not money." And he's just asked the church, "How many want to say a real Bible order church?" He said, "You're going to have to sacrifice not money. You're going to have to sacrifice what? Some of your own ideas. You're going to have to sacrifice some time in prayer. You're going to have to sacrifice maybe a stubborn will to break down in humility. You're going to have, he said, the whole Christian move is sacrificial. He that will follow me, let him deny himself, take up his cross and follow me daily. How oft do you have to sacrifice? Every day. Paul said he died daily. Every day he died. So you see God allow let me let me me say this God allows these things to arise and if we can recognize remember the prophet said we are to lay in the presence of the sun until all the greenness is baked out of us right he said may God ripen our lives until we become the bread on his table. Do you realize what that speaks of becoming the bread on his table is the rapture. Glory. Amen. Because we go to the wedding supper, the bread on his table. This then we will take communion once again. What is it? It's the product of his word that has come to full fruition. Say, "Oh God, let me lay not in the presence of my ideas, not in the presence of my feelings, but let me lay in the presence of the so that is able to dissolve and melt away and cast away every complex and break every hole and let me see myself as God sees me and always has as a son and daughter of God and yield to that." Hallelujah. So it's submissive. That's why brother Brandham in the unssage messaged the unpardonable sin. He's dealing with things that he says, you know, you're not saved by any good works. If you're a believer, you're a Christian. If you're not a believer, you're not a Christian. You're not saved by it goes through many things. Dancing in the spirit, speaking in tongues, keeping Sabbath, eating meat, joining church, by water baptism. You are saved by faith. Through grace are you saved. And he said, 'If you are truly saved, these other things come. You can you speak with tongues, you could shout, you can praise God. The spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophet. And when the pastor sees something wrong and he says, "Look, sister or brother, that's wrong. You're submissive." That's right. You're submissive. That's a part of the Holy Spirit. You see this is why that all the other things that could be done but if this isn't coming out the Holy Spirit it it brings us into submission to the word of the very person of Jesus Christ nature and all you understand what I'm saying when the Bible says this uh that beloved now truly are we the sons of God we just this is not just a doctrine it's not just something that we oh praise God we're the sons of God that is to be a scripture in every situation. Even when things aren't going our way, even when we're offended, because offenses will come. Are you hearing me? That's still the mark that we're called to. Do we do we at that moment subject our own will and act like a son and daughter of God or revert back to what we've always done? See, there's got to come a change. There's got to come a change. Yeah. You know what I think the ultimate would be is to have such such such that depth of God in our life to where no one knows who are our friends and who are enemies. To where no one knows what we agree with and what we don't. You say, "Where do you get that?" Well, brother Billy Paul was asked the question, "What's the greatest miracle you ever saw?" And brother Billy Paul saw many. He said, "But I'll tell you the greatest miracle," he said, "that I see in my daddy's ministry," he said, "is that you couldn't tell his friends from his enemies." That's Christlike. [Music] That's Christlike. That that to me, you know, look, I think that's powerful. And the reason I say it's powerful because what what I'm looking at is is the same Holy Spirit, the same quickening power, the same abstract to the title deed that brought the prophet into the word and his position is the same Holy Spirit operating in you and I that will bring us into the same position and overthrow even the hold of our family tree and break away complexes and everything else to where we're able to stand there as a son and daughter of God based on what God has said about me. Hallelujah. That's powerful. And I'm going to tell you, the word working in your life is more powerful than every every offense, than everything that has ever taken place in your life. There is nothing that can that can bring healing, that can bring repair, that can bring a dissolving of doubt. There is nothing that can do that outside of the word of God being in you. Hallelujah. That's the truth. Hallelujah. I say God have the right away. Hallelujah. Prophet goes on. He says, "The spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophet." Just submits and says, "God, forgive me. I didn't mean to get out of order. I'm ready." Oh, he said, "If the church would move on, then you're going to see a church moving for the glory of God." The spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophet. Everything is in order. And the church set in order. But if you'd get their head stuck up and say, "I don't believe you. I just tell you I don't believe." That shows right there there's something wrong with you. That's wrong. There is something wrong. You can't stand correction. You know what I mean? Now, let me just say this. This is this is what's powerful friends is because you see within this brother Ram talked about when Uzziah rejected being corrected he said it ruined his whole influence. Brother Brandham said everybody can tell when you won't adhere to the word in the same quote he said it ruins your influence. You you have to remember we have to remember that e the way that even that we respond listen even within all of this and we're still ordained and what God desires is that we would still be channels. But you know what that's all dependent on is how we react to correction because we're all and we all have been and we all will be continually. There's correction going on. Listen, even while the word is going in the midst of a service where it's just my goodness, just knocked down, swinging from the raptur's grace, there's correction going on even in that time. Yes, there is. Because the word itself, it's not a word of putting down. It's a word of lifting up. And this is, you know, I've never never been in a service where the grace of God is moving over our hearts and ever feel like I can just go out and do whatever I want to. No, it makes me want to rededicate my life to him. It makes me want to reconsecrate. It wants me It makes me want to be that much more fervor. Why? His love being expressed. Amen. Brings correction in our life. Yes. There's there's more. I can tighten up right here. I can tighten up here. I can tighten up here. Amen. But it shows when something's wrong and you can't stand correction. And you know what I mean? Brother Bramis goes on and says this in Revelations chapter 5 part two. A man that can't stand the scripture correction gets all angry and blows up. It shows he's not right with God. But a genuine saint of God will be reconciled to God by the word. And the word is the correcting way. That's that's not the quality of a saint of God. Now somebody let me just say it like this. Do I believe that somebody can get out of line? Sure, I believe that. But I believe this right here. If the Holy Spirit is in your heart, you can't stay out of line. Amen. And you know what? You will come. God's provided way. Repent of the actions because the spirit of God will correct you right there to repent of it. And I tell you what that does. That overthrows Satan's hold. Repentance is not elementary. repentance itself, that is the goodness of God that leads us to there. And even in this age, it's an age of such pride and such resentment that it doesn't want to repent. It doesn't feel like it's wrong. It's an age of arguing. It's an age I'm a victim. It's an age of my rights. It's it's an age about self. That's the spirit of the age. But the Holy Spirit is here to anoint our hearts to say, "It's not about me, Lord. It's about you." Amen. Hallelujah. If not for God's grace, we would be caught within the same way. Amen. That's true. So, we know something's not right. If it blows up and gets angry and everything else, it's not right. So, let me just say it like this. We our lives should be approachable. There's not one of us in here that should not be approachable. It shouldn't be, oh my goodness, we got a handle with rubber gloves. That shouldn't be. I mean, if we're sons and daughters of God, the opening scripture is subjecting ourselves to one another. Listen, we're in this for one common cause, one common vision, and that's the rapture. Hallelujah. Let me just tell you, the rapture is not happening without divine order. God sent his word in this hour to bring us into divine order for the rapture. Amen. What took place on Mount Carmel didn't happen just with sticks laying everywhere, stones laying everywhere, and and a sacrifice, what, however you want to cut it up. But it had to all come into divine order. And you know, when the fire fell, the fire failed to vindicate that the order that was presented was God's divine order. And the spirit came to confirm the order. Hallelujah. Let me tell you, you want God to come on the scene. No matter what the need is in your home, in your life, just let your life be put in order by the word and the fire will follow it. Must be approachable. And I'll tell you what approachable is. It's friendly and easy to talk to, right? not a porcupine, not always wearing their their fillings on the s on the on the edge of their of their shirts. Hello. Listen, nobody said the correction was easy. I mean, it stings, but if there's something on the inside that's able to rise up and and and give and and grace, it smarts a little bit at first, but you know, we want to we want to be approachable. Amen. Now, let me just let me just say this right here. The Bible tells us in the scriptures that the fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge. I understand all mysteries, but if this right here is missed, we're missing it. The fear of the Lord, the reverence of the Lord is the beginning, the principle part of knowledge. But fools despise wisdom and instruction. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. And the knowledge of the holy is understanding. See, it's it's reverence. Reverence is respect. Brother said, "You can't have respects until you first fear the Lord." And when you fear the Lord, you have respect. Brother said it this way. He says, "I fear lest I would offend somebody in the community. I fear lest I would disappoint my wife. I I fear less the congregation I fear. He goes all the way down. Why what's why is he saying that? Because recognizing that God is present. Let me just drop that here for tonight. So correction come in many different ways. It comes right across the pullpit. Come right across in different things. And I'm just just be honest. These are not the correction parts and those things. Those are not my favorite things to preach. Right. Right. Those are the things that I I'll ask God. Lord, are you sure? And by the way, this is this has been sitting there for months. Lord, are you sure? Are you sure? Are we you know, Lord, do we But God knows. God knows. You know, this is why the Bible said, "Eat all the lamb, even the pertinence thereof." We got to eat the things that even that my are not so cut. But when we eat all of the word, oh, the benefit that it gives to us. Amen. Is that right? Notice this. Listen listen this like with deacons cuz we understand deacons you know they're the policemen of the of the house of God and how that God has placed them there. And I I'm not going to that'll be a separate service but I just you know just to look at how that they they were even approached. And I tell you what when I think of deacons I think Lord have mercy. You know I don't know I I just thank God. I thank God for the deacons he's given us. And I really I I can say that because I've watched I've watched these I've watched these brothers right with me. And I was talking to sister Anna um you know within it uh last night and I said, "Man, I remember brother Louie." Amen. You know, that was that was some of my first glimpses. If How many of you knew Brother Louie Miranda? Brother Louie was a man's man. The guy was no foolishness. That's right. No foolishness. He I remember one time somebody came in here and you know they always have their little little doctrines they want to drop and everything else and they slipped in while church was going on and put some kind of box back there with all their typed up synopsis of stuff and everything. I never forget brother Louie Miranda he was one of the deacons at the time and brother Gomez you probably remember this. We're sitting back in the office and that's when brother Louie had that cane. He said I tell you right now he said let's not wait. Let's go right to their house. He said we're not putting up with this nonsense. Oh, that wasn't God. No, it was godly because it's a policeman. Right. Right. I mean, somebody don't have God to come in and slip something in like that. That just so you see this why it shows you if there's anything to be brought to the church, I'm Let me just say it. To this church, it ain't going to come from private fellowship. Jesus said, "I'm the door. If it don't come through the door, it comes some other way. It's already It's a spirit that's out of check." That's right. That's the truth. Hallelujah. That's why the prophet said the pastor should be at all meetings. Well, how do we get there? But notice even with this, let's look at this. Brother Brandham's asked a question by some deacons. Brother Brandham, in respect to the order of the church, we have tried to go accordingly by the way we understand the orders given in the dedication of the new church. That's God in simplicity. And by doing so, some have gotten mad and left the church. And others will not listen to anything we say, especially the children. We have talked to the parents about their children and they won't take care of them. Now, have we misunderstood or are we going about it in the wrong way? Thanks. And brother Brandham lets them know you know you're doing what's right by keeping and holding to the to the new order and what was what was laid out here. And brother and brother Brandham answers it in that in that way you're doing just what you should. And then he answers that part about how that they've gotten mad and left the church and other things. And brother Brandham says they do it me too. You see, you realize that Brandon Tabernacle wasn't just some sweet perfect little place. That's right. What you realize is, and that should be no marvel, the very church that was talked about, put in the papers, run up on websites, was the church of Corenth. Oh my lord. This is the church the prophet started. Look at this church. They're getting drunk in church come out staggering. Oh my goodness. Can you believe that? Well, but but you know what? All of that right there it became became all them out there just were trying to look at that and all to discredit the work. But the main thing is that those that were doing it, they heeded to the correction of the word. You know why? God gave them understanding. Amen. And they received that understanding cuz you don't read about it again. Hallelujah. Now look at that. He says, you know, they do me too. A person that does that, there's something wrong with that person. They're not right with God. For the spirit of Christ is subject to Christ's teaching, Christ house, Christ order. Amen. Amen. It don't care how long, well, I've been staying two hours in prayer. You can't stay two hours in prayer and come out with an arrogant spirit. Amen. You can't say, "Well, I've been I tell you, I'm closer to God than I ever been before." You can't be closer to God and not act more like him. You can't you you can't get around smoke and not smell like smoke. And if you've been with Jesus, you're going to be sweet. If you've been in his presence, you're going to be sweet. That's why don't settle for religious acts. That's enticing spirits. Amen. That's why the prophet said people will go on fast and they'll go do this instead of submitting to the word of God. He said it's an enticing spirit. And you know what the word requires? Just surrender. Submission. Lay down our know-it-alls and submit to the word of God. That takes a son and daughter of God. Right? The person does that, something's wrong with that person. They're not right with God. For the spirit of Christ is subject to Christ's teaching, Christ house, Christ order. Any man or woman or persons that would get angry with a godly deacon that would tell them to be or any parent would get angry with the deacon. Now, let me just say this. The way that you react toward what you like and don't like, your children will follow that. That's right. If you get upset, if you pout, your children will do that. But hard to tell and what'll lay a hold of them when they go to acting like you. I'm not saying that to be funny. I'm saying where you don't know is the end result. You might have all this and get, you know, puffy and pouty and everything else, but listen, your children are going to respond the way they see you acting. And it's hard to tell what could lay hold on their lives when they're doing what you've done. That's why you want our act. That's why we're tested, friends. It matters. It matters. It matter. You God lets us. Let me just say this to you. I don't This is why I can say this about these men back here because I was a 14-year-old boy and brother Gomez came and pecked me on the shoulder and pulled out a drawing. I was drawing in the house of God. Let me tell you, as teenagers, don't be drawn in the house of God. be paying attention to the word of God. He came. I was drawn in a song book. You may not remember that, Brother Gomez, but I remember it, buddy. I was shaking, man. Mhm. But there's also a little bit about me. I thought, well, you know, I come back there, you know, in the office and and I'll never forget, man, I didn't know what was going to happen. And I tell you what, right in front of everyone, you can remember this. Oh, yeah. the sent brother Bill, your boys are right there. Even though they weren't the ones drawing, it was me. But I got dressed down good and I got dressed down all the way home. Let me tell you something I never did again. Never drew in church. And let me say what else. Brother Richard sitting back there, Brother Richard had been one that he would speak to me or my wife if he saw something out of line with our children. Now, I'm going to tell you something like that. I can respect a man like that because if if he would not come to me when I'm in the wrong, then I got less respect for him. Might as well give you a rose tonight. That way, it's better than getting tomatoes, isn't it? But we love you all. We really appre And this ain't even on Deacons tonight, but I I I just want to say it like this. Oh, brother Samuel, I know they've made mistakes. Let me quote Total Deliverance 1959. Brother Brandham said, "Now remember these are just men. They will make mistakes, but they're your deacons." Well, I didn't vote for them. You're a part of this assembly. And let me just say this. If you can't respect them, then you might want to find another church. I'm just I'm just speaking plain because it isn't about it's just like about well I didn't vote for this and I didn't vote for that and I don't care for so and so and I but remember I just read to you scriptures it doesn't matter of all the personalities gentle or f word or any see that that discredits all that stuff you know what that is we're letting too much humanity get in the way and we want to call it God it ain't nothing but just pure humanity Amen. Well, that was free. Brother Samuel, you getting in the flesh? Well, I've been in the flesh for 49 years. A son of God right in the flesh, anointed by the spirit of God, and I know where I'm standing. It is at times that we don't Sometimes we can't see eye to eye. Sometimes those things, like I said, that they can smart a little bit, but it depends on how do we respond. See, I want to see how does a person respond because how they respond tells me a lot about it. Doesn't matter what they were doing. It doesn't matter how spiritual it feels. If they respond in the wrong way, it shows it wasn't the spirit of God doing through them what they claimed he was doing. Why? By their actions. Now, these are not my words. These are the words of the prophet here. He says, "Really, notice this. If anybody would get angry with a godly deacon, really, look at this last one. We want everybody in this church that we can get. We do. All right. We do. I want everybody. I'm holding for everybody. But if that would only cause trouble somewhere else, there's a thorn or a rabbit in the wood pal pile as we used to say. And a rabbit in the wood pile. This was just for the translators who were translating this in the message of the hour. It's something that's not right and refers to a person that's out of place and unruly like hot potato. How do we handle them? How do we handle them? How do we But you see this scripture right here, this is why even when Paul would talk about being contentious about things and then even he says it in this way and he's just a question is asked for reflection. Which way came the word out from you or came it unto you only? If any man think himself to be a prophet or spiritual, that would mean preacher or spiritfilled, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord. But if any man be ignorant, let him be ignorant. See, once again, God don't make nobody tow the lie. That's true, right? If they want to be ignorant, but but that ignorance is not going to operate here, right? If they want to be ignorant, let them be ignorant. We're not here to force anybody to do any certain thing. That's why brother Brandham in his oh think of this in 1958 church order brother Brandham gave gave gave people an out. He said don't ever rise to where you think you know more about this than your pastor and I'd advise you not to do that but if you do I'd advise you to find another place to worship. You know what that is? That's grace. That's an out. Yes. Because don't, you know, you don't want to just sit somewhere and all of a sudden because remember the prophet said when there's a resentful spirit, the Holy Spirit won't reveal. And when that spirit is holding there, it can be an obstruction to healings taking place. And you know what'll happen? It'll give an account. Oh, brother Samuel, we're not coming to the white throne judgment, but every man must give account according to the deeds done in the body before the judgment seat of Christ. Right? We don't want to be guilty of that. Hallelujah. So, I I love how the prophet puts us here. This these terms, instructors and not bosses. Instructors and not bosses. There's a difference, right? Brother said, "God never sent Brother Neville and I to be bosses." Not at all. We're just your brothers, you see, instructors in the gospel. So, let's all work together. Remember, we're shepherds, not herdsmen. Shepherd is one who leads. He'll go, maybe one gets a little stray, he'll go and want to bring, you know, work to bring them back to the fold through the proper channels. And this is where notice he goes on. He says, "And sometimes something operating has to be called or said something about, called down or something on that order and the persons that's gots the gift rejects it, refuses it. The gift wasn't right. It wasn't God in the first place." So what determines whether it was God in the first place? their attitude, how they react, and how they respond. Right? That's just like a person saying, "Well, you know what? Here they come in. Maybe they come in late to church, and man, I got a special on my heart. Next service." Right? Hello. Next service. Make sure you let the song leaders know. You can text them. We've got their numbers. You can text them. Let them know. See, if it's that important, then you make preparations for it. Right. And I know sometimes we get caught in traffic and everything else. But listen, this is why this is why in a service, you think under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, there is an uncctions that drop for songs to be sung. Even sometimes song leaders that will lead in upcoming services are receiving inspiration in this one service. It doesn't mean they got to get up right now and lead that. They understand the proper order and they understand that the leading is there and yet they'll present themselves before God and if that song doesn't drop within the list of songs, they're not going to sing it the next time. That's good. Hallelujah. Yeah, that's good. Same thing with the testimony. It drops in your heart. Make preparations before the service starts the next time. Let the deacons know. Let one of the brothers know. Let them know. Then you can be here and give it beforehand. Why? Inspiration drops. Lord have mercy. Can you imagine how long I'd keep you all after inspiration dropping after every service? Sometimes even after what I've got done preaching, let alone when somebody else, there's a proper order and a proper time. That's good. Is that right? Yes, sir. Notice the gift wasn't right. It wasn't God in the first place. The spirit of God is always ready for correction. Sweet and humble and willing. If it stands up and says, "I'll do it anyhow." Just remember, arrogant spirits are not of God. So good. And you know what arrogancy is? It's having an exaggerated sense of one's own importance. That's good. But what I had to say and what I had to do, that's called an arrogant spirit. Remember, love vaunteth not itself. It does not behave itself unseemingly. A gift of God will submit itself within the body of Christ or whatever whatever that God has called you to do. It will it will submit to the whole not pull apart. That's why brother Bram says don't pull your gift. He said take it and run off with it but submit it. So there's a great difference between a boss and an instructor. I I know I'm getting somewhere. You see, a boss just gives orders there. I mean, I don't know how many of you I, you know, I had I had I was privileged. I had a lot of times had good bosses some, you know, but a lot of times I had that. But there's other, you know, sometimes I know we all have our test and our trials and how we have to work through things. So, it isn't that, oh, brother Samuel was something great here. No, I mean, my trials came in different ways on my job. For for some of us, God allows that to operate in that way. And sometimes, listen, sometimes that about a boss, it really has nothing to do about a boss. It's just simply that we were injured under authority in the past. Yeah. And because of that injury, we've never dealt with it and we have a problem with authority yet still. That's so good. Because somebody's either taking advantage of us, someone has done something and and and it's so it's really not even that person standing there, but yet they are getting the full veheminy of what has taken place before and it's not even them. But God's grace is greater. I'm glad he's the great physician that he can go down and we can begin to realize, wait a minute, it had nothing to do with that person right there. It's God bringing something to light in my life. I tell you, I that's where I want to be. I want to say, God, let the MRI of the Holy Spirit pass over my life. If there's anything that's unlike you, Lord, show it out, Lord. Help me and give me grace to die to it, Lord. Amen. But an instructor, it's different. You know, I was just meditating. These things you just just meditating throughout the week and just over the weeks and thinking about an instructor is different. An instructor is one who has a vested interest. He's there to teach. He's there when what the desire is is to see. It's not just get this done and get this done and get this done, but there's a desire to see that instruction become flesh. You see, God God doesn't want his word just to remain in letter form. God doesn't even want his word just to be something we do because it's the right thing to do. But God wants that word to be engrafted in our heart. He wants to direct us and guide us in every part of our life. This is why this is why in the scriptures here, brother Brown, there's another place I could have went to, you know, but let me just skip over here in the scriptures because of time. Here in the scripture it says out of heaven let me go back to that here brother Graham refers to this verse when he's talking about how that he says I I believe in leadership but he says in that of of that leadership he said that is given what a believe is is that that leadership it's it's God and let me let me come back to this I believe in leadership but it's not the leadership of men I believe in I believe in the leadership of the Holy Spirit coming through the word. I believe also that God has set men in the church. Men who are gifted by the spirit and they will keep the church in order. I believe that I believe there's this church is ruled over by men that God sends to take charge. But that rule is by the word so that it is not men really ruling but the spirit of God. For the word and the spirit are one. That is a comfort to me. I'm just going to tell you the the challenge that even within this if God carries it'll be 23 years here in September have been standing here as a pastor the challenges they haven't gotten any easier and the weightiness of it of what lays before us it hasn't gone any easier any less but oh God the time the hour the season and where we're at it's a great burden and I could say it to you like this like I tell him walking up and down these aisles God give me the wisdom that I have needed of Lord give me the wisdom Lord that's needed for our lives in this moment that's why the here that's why when brother Brandon refers to that scripture remember them that have the rule over you who have spoken unto you the word of God whose faith follow considering the end of their conversation it's not a man who puts himself up there that's Right? It has to be God and God will vindicate that God vindicates that. It isn't a man. I tell you, I just say it like this. Brother Dan Daisy always said it and I was fellowshipping with another brother here uh not too long ago and I'll tell you just he he came right out and said it. I said, "Yeah." And and and please understand when we say this, he was talking about, you know, different ones. And it's like when, oh, there's a void in a church, man. Everybody's flooding in there. I can be their pastor. I can be their pastor. And you think to think that way, you're crazy. It's not about the church, right? Because I always look at it like this where brother says, "The man who thinks he can do the job, not the one God has, right? But it's the one I don't want to do it." That's the one that God said, "You're the one." Maybe if God carries, there'll be a day I'll be able to retire. Either that or the rapture, but we're going to press on. Notice what God said. Out of heaven, he made thee to hear that voice that he might instruct thee. and upon earth he showed thee his great fire and thou heardest his words out of the midst of fire. Notice God's instruction to our lives. I love this in Nehemiah 9. Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them and withheld not thy mana from their mouth and gavest them water for their thirst. Now this bank of scripture, you're familiar as a as a Bible reader. These it isn't that they merited his good spirit to instruct them. This is after they had made the golden calf and everything. But it just goes to show that God even in that remember God said, "I'm not going to go up in the midst of you, but I'll go I'll lead you." But yet God led them. He was right there with them to lead them to the promised land. I love this. I will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go. I will guide thee with mine eye. And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. And that, you know, we were speaking on that last the last time we spoke here about a month ago on a Thursday. The correction itself, even when Paul was correct in the the Corinthians, it's not to knock or take away the enthusiasm, but it's to channel it. He wasn't trying to extinguish the gifts. He wanted it to be channeled in the word. And so the nurture, I love this word in the scripture here because with the correction, it it's there to guide, not to bring them to a frustration. And even I think over the years when correcting the boys and maybe some a little bit more than others but all of them have needed and continue and and it's still it goes on but it's in different you know works in different forms and different things but you just you be you you realize that within the things within the nurturing there's sometimes where there was uh judgment that was measured out as far as correction where they knew they were wrong and there was some sort of a consequence but see I I want you to understand correction is always not about a sting. Yeah, good. You know, it's not always about the belt or the rod, but remember this scripture right here on nurture means the whole training of the child. It's the whole training. It's working with them on now reproofs, now command. It's it's giving guidance for things that even we're in the midst of even maybe somewhere they're approaching and you begin to just deal with maybe their attitude on something. It's not even about what's right and wrong. It's about their attitude. And so you're dealing with some of these things and what what what's that with for them for there to become a correction to let them see hey further on down the line if you if you come if this is not corrected this will wear to be further on down the line these guys have heard this so much as far as like oh man you know I mean I probably the what what followed within of the correction was like oh man here here goes dad you know and you you don't want to belabor the point but yet I have that that part about me you know and just going and but yet what I'm saying the desire ire is well why was that the desire is to take every opportunity not always correcting them you know something comes to me it's not spiritual but I'm going to go ahead and say it ain't spiritual the prophet referred to other things so many of you watched probably finding Nemo but there's one little part in that movie that always that really stood out to me and caused me to ponder and that was you find his father taking him to school and he was watch out for this, watch out for that, watch out for this, watch out for that, watch out for this, watch out for that, watch out for this, watch out for this, watch out for that, watch out for that. And that's what he was trying to get away from, right? And now the father wasn't doing that to say, you know what, I just feel like being on your case today. Can you put a saddle on your nerve so I can ride it? No. The father was doing I'm saying, friends, listen. when I just saw that little bit right there. Look, if the if the spirit of God could speak to the prophet through a cigarette pack, right? Yeah. Come on, friends. We're people of truth. That's right. We're people of truth. That's good. But I never forget that. It was just a simple statement I think that, you know, that that that he made back to his father. It was just like because his father was always on him instead of being a buddy. Now, I understand our kids have to have correction. There are things that it isn't being a buddy like I'm just going to let them do whatever they want to do and you know they're they're five years old and 10 years old I'm just going to be their buddy. No, they're going to become a Helen. You still you've got to give direction but being a friend is something that you're always able to be. That means guidance direction and it even is in the times to where sometimes just be with them and a friend. So we're with relationship because all of the correction that can be given this is wrong that's right this is wrong and that's right that right there can breed rebellion if relationship is not greater than all the correction relation you say what's relationship it's a simple things you don't even have to use money to do to build relationship it's time it's time in a different manner where they see you in a different light sisters in their in in the kitchen you know baking and and things like that maybe bringing And you know the daughter in here, they're just kind of doing something. Haha. You know, and everything just kind of moving around like that. It's a different light. And the father, they because what it is, you're seeing them in a different light. Wow. That's good for you. Some of you going to look at, man, let me take that point out on Finding Nemo. You're going to be going to YouTube. [Laughter] Oh my. Let's stand. But it's nurture and admonition in the Lord. That's why the scripture could say, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God and profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction, and righteousness. Why? That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." My and this scripture here, I love this. I will bless the Lord who hath given me counsel. My reigns also instruct me in the night season. When I looking at that scripture and just pondering that over the time and days and looking at that, you see this is the goal is that it enters into our heart to where our heart is in submission to it. Now God has helped us to be able to see this no doubt in a multiple layers and things or homes and other things. But then you see how the prophet I thank God that things that were gone into in this hour like we were covering the last time where brother Brandham comes with an understanding and it was really to help the Pentecostal people those who they felt leadings I feel led to do this and I feel led he didn't discredit leadings but he was trying he was working to get them to understand there's a difference between the gift and the Holy Spirit, the gift in a person's life. And he said he made a statement just like this. And I I don't have that, but I want to just refer to it here. To me, this is a very powerful statement where a prophet of God would would make it in a way that how he says if if you believe me, he said, and if you know you, I I I want to be correct. I want to be I want to be right. I want to be corrected. If you believe what God that what God is doing and what you see being vindicated and then he tells us going on further into that he said take for example the gift in my life he said there's been individuals I've seen in wheelchairs seen in other places and he said the gift tells me go pray for that person notice the gift tells me now you can place that in many different facets across the board. Don't just leave it in gift of healing or tongues or whatever more. Place it in everywhere. Specials, testimonies, preaching, playing place it across husband, wife, place it across everything. The gift itself is telling me to do this because even as a husband, even as a wife, even as a father, mother, that attribute's within you, right? Remember, brother Brown tells us when when Becky ran out the door and just what do you expect me to be a wallflower? He said, "I wanted to take my belt and go out after her." Right now, what was that? That was that part's father. But what happened is he submitted to the Holy Spirit in that manner. And when he did, even sister me, she didn't understand that submission. But what she did, she came under that. Right? So you you know the the story but the point is brother Ram says the gift is telling me to do that. He said even my heart my heart is wanting to do that. He said but then the Holy Spirit says not that one this one over here. And he says then I yield to the spirit of what he said to do. And brother Bram takes that just a whole long time. And to me that's instruction. Now, that's instruction that's laid within this message. That's instruction that was being given to those that were gathered there at Brandom Tabernacle and others because this church order was just not about brand tabernacle. It's for the body of Jesus Christ. That's right. For the brand very very clear with that. So, the point is is that it depends on whether we receive it or not. And that's what's always made the difference. It's always made the difference of where because when brother Brandham dealing with that, oh man, you're you're you're taken away from the Holy Spirit. You're taken away from this. And look, I didn't I didn't grow up in a Pentecostal church. My my mom for a lot of it was in church of God. Some of you been in other places and other things before. my father-in-law. They were in places where it was just like you come in and we're just going to obey the Holy Ghost tonight. And you don't know what that meant. Are we going to preach tonight? Are we going to sing tonight? Is it just going to be testimonies tonight? Is are are what's going to happen? You you don't know. Listen, those people are sincere. You understand me? They're sincere. And what a challenge. What a challenge that would have been because I think about even right now for God to break down and and break away ideas from our lives to help us to see, hey, listen, you're not failing me. You're following my leading. And I think about what a dying that was. And that's what brother says. We have to die to the old that the new might be born in. But it's liberating. You think about how when these when that teaching would come, you know what it would do? It breaks away holes. It breaks away ideas. And I'm so glad for God's grace in this hour because when we recognize we are under the leadership of the Holy Spirit, right? The pillar of fire has returned to the church of the living God. And God is leading us. He is directing us. He is guiding us. He's performing his word. Yes, sir. He's changing us from glory unto glory. Don't you love him? Amen. I'm so glad that God would come and instruct us in these ways and direct us, right? Sometimes, you know, even when you've waited, I don't mean to prolong. I know I've I've I've went longer, but uh you know, with within it, sometimes we we wrestle within ourselves sometimes. I was just talking to a a brother from another assembly and he was speaking to me and he said, you know, uh the brother there's a brother that he's been witnessing to that's you know really got bad news about cancer and things like that and and the brother had been coming to church and even when I ministered at the location that that the the man was there and we met him and you know and he re something about it he realizes it was a Catholic priest that came into his bedroom uh hospital room when they were doing all the diagnosis and stuff like that, but there was just something very sovereign that took place. And he he told the brother, he said, "I know that that that was not Roman Catholic what took place for me." He said it was something and and and the brother said, "I didn't even say anything to him about all that." He said it just something he just, you know, he just recognized it wasn't because of the priest. It was just God. And so he was just speaking of how he said, you know, he said, "I I want to see him get baptized. I want, you know, and he's got some some real bad news, you know, that come." I said, "Well, look, the same way you've been shining the light right now, just keep shining the light." And you have to look at it like this. This is to me, friends, the rest is that we don't have to make anybody anything. If someone's ordained to walk fully in that light, they'll walk fully in that light. And if they're not, but I thank God they've experienced salvation. And I just say it like this. We're not here to push anybody, right? We're not here to push. We're not here to shove. We just shine the light. And sometimes shining that light, I realize like the scripture said, compel because sometimes God knows there needs to be a compelling in order to break away certain things. But all of it is still within God's grace. And so sometimes we're looking at things in our lives and we should I do this, should I do this? Should I not do this? And should I do this? But you know, if we'll wait on the Lord, God will truly and always being in submission to him. God will never lead us wrong. He always lead us correctly. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him? Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, how we are so thankful for your mercies once again tonight, Lord. We're nothing, Lord, without you. We realize, Lord, that even as we stand here, it's by the grace of God. Lord, I think of how many times down through my life and in this journey that God, you've corrected me. And I thank you for it, Lord. I appreciate it, Lord. Lord, I appreciate God. How that Lord, I think of even the mentor that I had before me, Lord, and my dad and and other brothers, Lord, they never asked to be that, but God, they just been so dear to my heart. And I'm so thankful, God, for your leadership, for your direction. Lord, as I mentioned earlier here tonight, I'm so thankful, God, for the deacons you've given us. I'm thankful for every every brother and sister here tonight, Lord. Father, we know that, Lord Jesus, as the prophet said, we we want everybody, Lord. But Lord, I realize that each of us have a choice to make, Father. But I pray, Father, oh God, that no matter the choice that's made, may we, our choice be you. May it always be to go on further with you, Lord. Father, you know my heart even, Lord, when through the years, Lord, we've had some come and go. Some, Lord, that's passed through and they've received healing for a period of time. And Lord, how it it can hurt, but Lord, when I can see them going on with you. Oh, that's what I want. That's what I want, Lord. That's what we want, Lord. That's the real joy. That's the real delight is that they go on with you. Because after all, Lord, it's you. It's the rapture that's in view, Father. And I'm so glad, Lord, that you work on our lives. This word that we've used here, Lord, nurture tonight. It's that instruction which aims to increase virtue. Lord God, I pray may you just continue, Lord, to speak to our hearts. But most importantly, Lord, may you find hearts that are welcoming. May our spirits be welcoming, Lord. because that's the kind of spirit that's going to welcome your return. It's a welcoming spirit, Lord, inviting you, the examining, Lord, in our lives, Lord God, not just letters, not just chapters, but God, even the the examination of the character in our lives. We don't want to just be right in our doctrine. No. We want to be right in our hearts. Want to be right in our spirit. Lord, like your prophet told us in that that discernment of spirit, he said, if a man is right in his heart, but he's wrong in his doctrine, he said God will straighten him out because he's able to be straightened out. He's got the spirit of discernment on the inside. Lord, I think of good friends that I have, ministers. Some of them, Lord, they came in under different movements, different things, but God, how that you've worked through their lives. I thank Lord God some of the friends that you've given me. I didn't go out and look for them, Lord, but you've gave me friends. And I believe, Lord, with all my heart that you gave me friends, and also through those friends, you've taught me so much, Lord. It's not all together where we start, it's how we finish. Lord Jesus, give us grace, Lord. I pray. May the Spirit of Almighty God give us grace, Lord, to labor with one another, Lord. Give us grace, Lord God, in our hearts to be able to just so submit ourselves, Lord, to you. Oh Lord God, no matter where we're at. We might be at the grocery store. We might be, Lord God, in line somewhere else. It ain't about whether or not they're a believer or not. Your word is true whether they're a believer or not. Lord, the spirit of God is not something we hang up in the coat room back there beyond the restrooms and then put back on. No Lord, help us. Help us, Lord, like you would write through Paul to us. Put on that new man. Sink into that new man. Lord, we want to sink more into you. Thank you, Lord, for instruction. Thank you for guidance, Lord. Thank you for your mercies. Thank you for your good spirit, Lord, sent to instruct us and guide us, Lord. The spirit of truth. We love you tonight, Lord. Thank you Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Go ahead and lead us in. Oh, this is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make my heart ever true. Change my heart, oh God. Yes, Lord. May I be like you would change my heart. Oh yes. Oh, I want to be that honest with him. Don't you, Lord God, change my heart. Give me the degree of love that I need, Lord. The degree of humility that I need right now in this present situation. Granted, Lord, may I be a chip off the old block, for you are the potter [Music] and the clay. [Music] God know me and make me. [Music] This is what I pray. Oh, change my heart. Oh yes, Lord. Take out all the prickiness, Lord. Oh God, we don't want to be cactus, Lord. We want to be trees, Lord, where the leaves are not rolled up but blowing. Oh God, in the winds of Pentecost, Lord, fellowship, Lord God. Yes, Lord [Music] are the part. You are the potter. [Music] I'm the clay. [Music] Yes, Lord. This is how I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Yes, Lord. Make it end. In every situation, every moment, change my heart, oh God, may I be like you. Change my life. Change my life. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh God, may your grace going with us, Lord. Oh God, may every bit of our will be melted, Lord. Not our will, but thy will be done, Lord. Melt away, Father, everything, Lord, that's unlike you. You [Music] are the You are the father, Lord. I'm the clay. Yes, Lord. Mold me and make me. This is what is what I pray. Change my heart. Change my heart. Oh God. Make it ever make it ever true. Lord change. Oh, may I be like you, [Music] Lord? Prepare me to be a sanuary. Oh, pure [Music] pure and holy tri. Oh, and with [Music] I want to be a living suary. [Music] Oh, for you, brother Brandham. Standing in the house when everything was tore upside down. You remember that time people were coming in and out. I got a word of the Lord to you, brother Brandham. You need to listen to me. If you don't listen to me, all that was going on in his house. The house was in turmoil. Sister Mey was all tore up. You remember the situation? There's a statement Brother Bram makes in there that to me is so powerful. And he says, "Lord, what would you have me to be in this situation? That's powerful." And you think of that and some of the examples tonight and I mentioned that just throwing that around about Zaku about finding Nemo. But do you realize I was looking at that and you know that the Lord spoke to my heart years and years ago and you know what the Lord did? He corrected me. Yeah. And to be honest with you, there's sometimes when you got a lot to say as a parent, parents, help me out. You know what I'm saying? There's a lot. And you think, hey, there's a whole corn field of correction here. But you know, I'm just telling you from my heart what I what I learned because I'm not perfect, but I'm just sharing with from my heart as God puts it on my heart. You know what I've had to ask the Lord? Lord, help me to be what you want me to be here. Lord, help me to look beyond. I know there's things that I could do this. I could say this. I could say this because you could say it all the time. Yeah. There's always things to correct. That's right. Right. That's right. But I've had to ask the Lord, Lord, help me. Sometimes, even while we're out for lunch, I'm just praying over my food, but I'm also praying, Lord, help me to know what to say at the right time. Sometimes it's not even anything that's said. It's just relationship. So, what I'm saying to you is is that the things tonight that God even brought to us in that way, do don't take it as though we're going to be like this. No, it's looking to him. It's looking to him. Lord, guide me. Help me to be what you want me to be in this situation. Don't you love the Lord? Amen. Oh, unto you. One more time as we're being dismissed. Oh Lord, prepare. [Music] Oh, we take this song with us as a prayer. Lord, move upon the needs of your children, Lord. Pure and holy, tried and true. [Applause] [Music] Oh, with thanksgiving I'll be [Music] I want to be a living savior [Music] for you. [Music] Oh, yes it is, Lord. Amen. God bless you tonight. Who came to save my soul? [Music] [Music] And it's you, Lord, who knows my [Music] th [Music] or prepare me. Oh Lord, prepare me for to be a sanctuary. [Applause] [Music] Oh, pure and holy. Oh, tried and true. [Music] Oh, and with thanksgiving, [Music] Lord, I'll be a living. [Music] Oh, sanctuary. [Music] over you. Leave me alone. Oh, and lead me on, Lord. Oh, from temptation. Oh, pure me. Yes. Oh, oh, from within. Oh, fill my heart with your holy spirit. Oh, and take away. I'll take away all of my sins. Lord prepare me. Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary. Oh pure and holy. Oh, tried and true. Oh, and with thanksgiving, Lord, I want to be a living. [Music] Oh sanctuary. [Applause] [Music] Oh for you. Lay that weight upon the Lord.
