################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Spirit of Discernment - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   The Spirit of Discernment - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1szKGenfMM
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
42:10 - Ministry
2:22:58 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Enter sweeping through the ben. Soon our troubles will be over and our palace will end. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] We've been through the [Music] I soon will see the lights of glory and my new [Music] will Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] here. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] has [Music] always [Music] just me Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] that eternal [Music] [Music] sh Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] All right, one more time. Yes, there's just a little while to stay here. Just a little while to wait. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't know about y'all. That what makes me happy this morning. Amen. How many raise your hand say, I love God's promises. I love reading what's waiting for us. Amen. This life over on either side. Amen. God's always got something for us to be happy about. Amen. No matter what kind of trouble we're going through, may not be happy, but we have joy, right? Praise God. Because what God's already done for us. Amen. How many is glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Praise God. He's been very good to us. Let's give him We give him praise this morning. We'll take these prayer requests before the Lord ask brother uh Dave Crest Jr. come up, open the service of prayer. Amen. Take these to the Lord. Man, how many says God's able to do? I haven't even heard these yet, but we know God's able to take care of them. Brother Carlos this morning says, "Please pray for my grandson. He's in need of prayer." Also pray for my wife this morning. Let's pray for uh Sister Cruz this morning. God bless her. Sister Gomez says, "Please pray for our Sunday school class. We'll be learning about the nine gifts of the spirits in Galatians 5:22 and 23." Oh, praise the Lord. God bless the little ones. They get a little extra schooling. We've been learning a lot on Thursdays about the gifts of the spirit. So, God bless them up there and give them the wisdom of God to teach the children. Uh, please pray for Sister Stephanie Landy. She's not feeling well. We're going to miss her. Amen this morning. Uh, we're going to miss Sister Stephanie this morning. She's not feeling well. She needs a healing touch from the Lord. God's able to lift our sister up. We know that. Sister Naomi says, "Please pray for our lost loved ones. The Lord knows their needs." Amen. Pray that God will grant that. Amen. Just want to see that for all my brothers, sisters, all the years. I know sister uh sister Mercy always praying all those years for her family come in. Just want to see them all come in. Amen. And just see God reward that faithfulness in their life. Amen. Believe God will do that. Amen. How many has a need on your heart? You didn't write something down, but you trusting in God to take care of it this morning. Lord, I need a touch from you this Lord morning. Lord, I want to have a meeting with you, Lord Jesus. I want you to fill recharge my batteries, Lord. Fill me with the Holy Ghost, brand new. Let me have a a spring in my step as I walk out of this building this morning. Granted, Father, I look around for someone with their hands up and pray for them this morning. Brother Dan, let's just bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, surely Lord, each and every one of us, Lord, just looking forward to that day, Lord, we're Lord, we can leave these troubles and trials of this earth, Lord, in this this time in this age, Lord, and just go home, Lord, to meet you, Lord, and just see you face to face, Lord. But even in the troubles and trials and things that we we are here, Lord, we just, Lord, it's also in a blessing, Lord, because the as brother Brandham taught us, Lord, even these trials and and troubles, Lord, and just bringing us in closer fellowship for you, Lord. It's just it's a molding process, Lord, just to bring us, Lord, into your image. And even, Lord, each of the bad things that can happen to us, Lord, it's just your hand on our lives, Lord. Just maybe bringing us more, Lord, into your image, Lord. This is what we want to be, Lord. To be, Lord, your life on display, Lord, your personality, your character, Lord, on display, Lord. We we wouldn't have that without Lord your your molding and your hand Lord your your touch on our lives Lord. So we we do even and appreciate Lord. We just love Lord. Lord how Lord you come and you shape our lives and your boldness Lord. Just looking forward to that even this morning Lord by your word Lord coming forth Lord just to Lord take us to us a little bit deeper Lord into you Lord just to learn Lord more of you Lord and more about more of us Lord and how how we should act and conduct Lord just act and react Lord we just we just thank you for this time Lord and just Lord just your tender hand on our lives Lord we just sure appreciate it Lord and Lord each and every one of these prayer requests Lord we just bring them before you Lord just we knowing Lord And Lord, the things that are on our hearts, Lord, it's it's things that's on your heart, Lord, because you just just care, Lord, for each and every aspect of our lives, Lord. And we just commit them, Lord, into your hands, Lord. Just ask you, Lord, just to deal, Lord, with each and every one, Lord, and just have your way, Lord, in each and every situation, Lord. And just invite you, Lord, to have complete control, Lord, in in each and every situation, Lord. We just love you, Lord. We just thank you, Lord, for this time together, Lord. This time that you've provided, Lord, just for fellowship and communion with you, Lord. We're just looking forward to what you have for us today, Lord. And just we love you, Lord. Pray you'd bless the tithes and offerings, Lord. And just the ones, Lord, that can be here. The ones that, Lord, may be streaming, Lord. We just pray you'd reach out to them as well, Lord. We just have your way in this service, Lord. Have your way in our lives. I pray Lord this song service Lord and just ask you to just bless Lord this service Lord from start to finish Lord to just your will be accomplished Lord we love you Lord ask these things in your blessed name Jesus Christ amen [Music] amen God bless you this morning sing this with me to me he is so Father from this mother's child to me. [Music] Oh me sing it. Oh sing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How I love because he works on me. Let us sing that with faith in our hearts. He'll never forsake me. [Applause] Never forsake. [Music] Oh, [Music] forever because he love me. Let's sing that again to me. So you are so [Music] You are [Music] so [Music] you. This is my desire to honor me. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Every way is my desire [Music] to thank you. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I give you my soul. [Music] I every breath I take. every moment of your day. Lord, have your way. Give me one more time. Lord, I give you my heart, everything. I give you my soul and I'll live for you alone. Oh, every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, won't have no [Music] way. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I will praise him. I will praise him. Oh, praise him for sinners. [Music] [Applause] [Music] for his blood. Hallelujah. Wash away every sin. Hallelujah. Sing it again. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, praise his name Jesus. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] My holy [Music] [Applause] [Music] s I will praise him. Oh, he's worth this [Music] one [Music] forever. I will reverse sing one last time. My name's got a special for us this morning as he's getting ready. Sing one more time. Oh, hell [Music] Jesus. Oh, hell. the [Music] king song. Amen. and throughout [Music] eternity. Well, I'm going to praise him. [Music] Amen. Sorry. [Music] Uh this is a I'm going to rebound this. This is a after Easter song. You know, you remember the Cleopus and his friends was walking down the road one day and they were so sad. That's right. Their Lord had died. You know, the one they had a lot of faith in. They didn't know what to do. A man stepped out of the the bushes. And he expounded to them all the things that the prophets had wrote that would happen and it still didn't reach him. He done that all the way down the road till the evening time. They went to eat and he was continuing to walk. They come on in and have supper with us. when he went in and broke bread and blessed it, then their eyes were open. That's like us in the end time. It wasn't We'd heard Jesus all through our life, preachers and churches, but it wasn't until the bread was broke when the prophet of God came. God broke the bread and blessed it in that instant opened up our eyes. Pray for me. The day before [Music] yesterday they crucified my Lord, beat him un mercifully. nailed him to a tree. The sky grew dark and the earth began to [Music] fall. People cried. Surely they've crucified the son of God. Why didn't we recognize the mighty God was here today? Did not our heart burn as he talked along the way. Shouldn't we have known him? Surely we should have known him. Surely we should have known him before our Lord had come and gone. A friend and I walk down the road. didn't know our Lord had a rose. But a man drew near and he spoke word so [Music] wise. He broke the bread and he blessed it. And at that step he opened up our eyes. Why didn't we recognize the mighty God was here today? Did not our hearts burn as Jesus taught along the [Music] way. Should we have known him? I wish we would have known him. Surely we should have known him before our Lord had come and gone. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] that last verse there. I want to say that the last part. Amen. The story doesn't end there, right? Amen. How many's recognized the son of God has risen in our midst today? Hallelujah. I'm so glad that I recognize the mighty God. He's here today. Doesn't our hearts burn as he talks along the way. [Music] Oh, I'm so glad I know. Hallelujah. Yes. I'm so glad I [Music] know. I'm so glad I know him. Soon he'll come and I'll be gone. I recognize the mighty God. He's here today. [Music] as he talks along the way. Oh, I'm so glad I know. Oh, testify this morning, church. Yes. I'm so glad I know. I'm so glad I know you. [Music] soon. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. As brother Samuel gets ready to come. Looking forward to the word this morning. Best part of the service. Amen. Receiving the word of God into our souls. Amen. And let's sing that little song. I got leaving on my mind. Hallelujah. Amen. They can have the economy. They can have the deficit. They can have all the problems. I got leaving on my mind. Amen. The old house that I'm living in is needing repair. Oh, the windows and the shutters are in the [Applause] cold. I say to myself, don't fix it. Oh, when I can find the time. But all I can [Music] is all our God is with all [Music] Yes, Lord. Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking [Music] about. So much of it. I'll be soon and be soon. I'll leave my troubles all behind. Oh, I got to leave [Music] it. Leave it all [Music] behind. I guess that I should be looking for a better place to live. That's right. But I can't seem to get excited about this world and all it has to give. But I could care less. I could buy it all with a sit every night. Oh, what a good world to me with the rapture on my mind. [Music] All I got is leaving on my [Music] mind. Yes, Lord. Oh, it seems that's all I'm thinking about. So much of the time is how that soon and very soon I'll leave my troubles for behind. [Music] God [Music] leading leaving. That's true, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. This world is far. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We're going to a better place. Amen. As brother Samuel comes. Let's sing this. Give me a little more. While living below, everywhere that I go, this world's full of trouble and pain. Yes, there's murder and crime. This is the end time when people are going insane. But I found a release. My heart is at peace since the word of the hour settled in with troubles. I'm told my anger will hold to Jesus again and again. Oh, this world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lived down in my heart. Oh, I'll carry it away in light of today. As the world gets so peaceful and dark, though there's struggles and trials outside, something is stir. Yes, Lord. That's right. And get so dark and it all falls apart. Glad Jesus lives down. They take taking their praying for peace, for hostage release while holding God in their hand. Yes, there's moral decay. Pray falling away in the shape this world and it won't stand. Let it crumble and fall. Not bothered at all. Cuz in the cl I can hide. When it all comes undone, trusting in one who gives me peace down inside. Lord, this world is falling apart. My Jesus my heart. I'm carried away. In the light of today, as the world sold is moving wrong. Yes, there's struggles and trials outside. Something is stir inside of as the world gets so dark and almost Jesus. Help me sing now. Yes. This world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives down in my heart. Oh, I'm carried away in the light of the day. As the world gets this morning, yes, there's struggles and trials [Music] outside of Asus. [Music] and his world is so dark and all those. I'm glad Jesus found in my [Applause] [Music] heart. Amen. Where do I go when there's nobody else to turn to? Who do I talk [Applause] to when nobody wants to listen? Who do I [Applause] need? There's no foundation. I go easy. Oh, I go. So, I go to my salvation. I go through the [Music] storm [Music] by the earth all around me Christ. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to your eyes. Sing [Music] hallelujah. Amen. Till my soul is over. Hallelujah. My time in my soul is my isolation. I go to [Music] my [Music] song. Heat. Heat. [Music] Go to the rock sal the builders reject mountain stands by me all around me sinking sand on I got when I need a shelter. When I need a friend, I go to the rock. Well, when I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. What a place of safety. Amen. Amen. A place of real security and rest. Amen. I since I've come into this city of refuge, I don't want to leave. Amen. It it what what has been upon my life has been lifted. Amen. And you know what happens in that city of refuge? Your innocency is revealed. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. There's a there's one there that's able to break back the seals of your life and say, "You never did it in the first place." Amen. Amen. He He He breaks it back and and I don't want to leave. And you know the thing about it is is that whoever came into that city of refuge, they had to stay there until the priest who was there would die. But here we are. We're in a place to where Hallelujah. He ever liveth. Never had beginning of days nor ending of life. No father, no mother. Who is this Melzdc? None other than the Lord Jesus Christ. None other than almighty God. Amen. And I'm glad that he found me. Oh, hallelujah. Isn't the Lord good? He's so precious. Amen. And let's just go to him in a word of prayer. Father, thank you for your mercy this morning. Lord, we thank you for this beautiful day you've given us. Lord, through every season that we come through here, even in the natural, it reminds us, Lord, that even in each of our lives and through our journey, not only in the natural, man, but spiritually as well, there's seasons of life. But, Father, you are so faithful and you are still God through every season. You're working everything after the counsel of your own will, Lord. Father, even as we submitting our lives and our hearts to you, we're not a perfect people. That God, you give us grace as we'll look to you to even learn from our mistakes. For you promised in your word, you'll make all things work together for the good to them who are the called according to your purpose. Lord, we thank you for your mercy. We ask that Lord Jesus once again here this morning, would you just come by our way, Lord? I pray that Lord you would help us that Lord as one unit that we would be that way this morning and be able just to step aside and God I pray you'll just speak to us in a personal way. Lord I just want to get myself and this congregation into your hands and I pray that God you'll take complete control. speak to our hearts, Lord. Guide, Lord, I pray, Father, the words that would be spoken, Lord. Father, may you fill my mouth, Lord. Yes. Direct, oh God. Lord, I just Lord, I only ask for one thing is just let me be no more than just like this microphone that I'm wearing. Lord, may you express your thoughts through, Lord. Father, we love you, Lord. May you just minister now to each of our needs. Thank you, Father, for the opportunity we've had to worship you, Lord. And we just want to continue now to worship you, Lord, as the word is coming forth. I think as a prophet would say as that word is coming forth and he would say it, oh, may we now worship him as that word is coming forth to to cut away, to discern, as it passes through our lives. May we worship him. Oh Lord God, we don't want to leave here the same, Lord. Amen. We ask that God that you'll just pass by our way in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. And I wonder if you'll go to Revelations chapter 3 with me. I want to um certainly say it's good to be here and good to see each and every one of you and uh it's just good to be together, isn't it? Yes, sir. Man, it's just a real a real privilege. And I believe it's a real foretaste of what God has prepared for us because when the when the change of the body comes, it'll be a gathering together. Amen. Amen. It will be a gathering together. The prophet tells us it'll be 30 to 40 days upon this earth getting together with the resurrected saints. Then we will be changed. And you know, you look and say, "Well, where is that in the scripture?" Well, Acts chapter 1, the Lord Jesus was there with them for about the period of 40 days upon the earth. That's right. And brother Bram tells us like this. He said the reason even of that will be, he said, because we will be looking around to see who made it. And he said then after that time is is is finished, he said how he will descend and all eyes will be upon him. He said, "See, he wants all eyes to be on him." So God knows what our longing will be. Did so and so is is this one and that one, but then everything will just turn. You know, I I can't explain how that it's all going to take place. And I'm talking about even in the aspect to where that we even in that moment would be able to even look to him and rejoice as we rejoice now but to realize I've arrived. Because if you if we had in our mind this one missed it, this one missed it or this missed it, it wouldn't be joyous. So you ask me, brother Samuel, how is that all going to work? Well, the Bible tells us at the the wedding the wedding supper, he'll wipe away the tears from our eyes, sir. But I I believe even before then, now this just brother Samuel, I don't I I just believe that God himself, the same God that can take a situation just like this morning and can show so change even our outlook on things. He can take sadness this morning and turn it to joy just like that to where you can't even explain what's happened. That's the way I believe it'll be. He's faithful, isn't he? Lord, he creates the conditions that's necessary. So, let's read here in the scriptures, Revelations 3. And I don't have I apologize. I don't have slides, but the Lord just changed some things here just just moments before leaving. So, uh I don't I just we're just going to go with this. In Revelations 3, and unto the angel of the church of the lady Oans, write these things saith the amen. That's the final word. That's the so be it. The faithful and true witness, the beginning or the author of the creation of God. That's none other than God himself. Now, this message is to the angel of the church of the lady Oas. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou work cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods, and have need of nothing. Now, what are they doing? They're looking at the wrong thing for spiritual vindication. He says, "I have need of nothing and knowest not." So they're they're unaware that thou art wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. Verse 18, I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire. Aren't you thankful that the Holy Spirit, he is the mighty conqueror? Amen. You could see it all the way down through the prophets when they had it just in where it would come upon them and then it would it would lift away because the atonement had not come to where Christ could dwell fully in a body and to think it's been tried all the way down and especially there in the life of our Lord Jesus Christ. He said be of good cheer for I have overcome. Amen. Right. And brother Ram takes that scripture in John 16:33 and says what he was saying there is I took the Holy Ghost in my body and overcome by it and so shall you. Yes sir. Amen. It's it's the spirit of God that raises up that son and daughter of God on the inside. And it's his life operating through us that's overcoming. How many overcoming? Amen. Well, you got to have battles to overcome, right? But I counsel thee to buy me gold that's been tried in the fire. This has been proven. That's right. That's what David said when he went to battle. I do I can't wear this armor. I need to take with me what I know has been proven. And God has proven over and over his word. It can't fail. Let let me read on. I counsel thee to buy me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with Isav that thou mayest see. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasen. Be zealous, therefore, and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. And if any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word. As you're being seated, will you um turn with me in one more a couple more places in the scripture here? And um I want to go to 1 Corinthians 11. 1 Corinthians 11 and verse 29. 1 Corinthians 11:29. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. And for this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Now when we look here even in this passage of scripture and I'll give you my title in a moment but when you look at this passage of scripture we recognize that here just a few weeks ago we we took the communion and and when doing that it's it's a symbol and a testament that we are testifying that through and by the new birth through and by that of where the Holy Spirit has come and brought brought a complete transformation in my life and I am partaking of this word. This is what I'm living by. I'm living by the word of God. There's a fellowship that I have. We are taking that as a symbol and it's a testimony. Jesus said, "Do this in remembrance of me." And so there's a testimony that that that comes with that. this these scriptures that that we read uh none of the scriptures are to be uh um taken in a manner uh to bring torment uh to bring uncertainty because I want to say this to you that with the basis of where I'm working with here this morning is God's desire is always to bring settleness is to bring rest is to bring certainty this is why that he'll move right down through his word and sometimes when you even uh thoughts and things in our mind and you know you you learn this as you grow in the Lord and and uh you have to apply it and that is you'll hear uh things mentioned through your mind and it will be clothed in your own voice as far as if you spoke out loud and recorded yourself and this is where that the enemy many times will turn around and try to cause you to believe that that's your own thought that's your own desire because it'll be spoken, clothed within your voice, within your mind. Or he might use some something else. Or it might be that of a portion of a scripture, a portion of a quote. And and um let me just say it to you like this. The way that you're able to discern or to know the difference, God himself will be the one that will open that to you and I. But I want you to understand this right here. Satan when he takes a hold of things, it's always to break confidence. It's to bring fear. The Bible said perfect love cast out fear because fear hath torment. And so the Bible also tells us that we have not been given the spirit of fear, but of power, of love, and of a sound mind. So the so the reality that of of the word is is how that God will come along through his word and you know it might be Satan is twisting things this way and the Holy Spirit will come and he'll make things so real and so clear to your life that you recognize and you can see it because that he alone who is the word has taken a hold of his own word because he is the interpreter of his own word. When Satan got a hold of that promise that God had given in Eden and his whole objective was is to to bring about that fall and when he took a hold of that there was an anointing that came with that. Are you with me? It was and that anointing that came with it was an anointing of unbelief. Right. That's right. It was an anointing that was causing her to probe for more of knowledge. Now, we need knowledge. We need understanding. But when knowledge has come, we that by the word of God, it's not a knowledge that leads us from the word. Nor is should it be a if a knowledge that puffs us up, but it ought to be a knowledge where we can see where if I'm falling short or it's where God wants to lead us deeper in in our walk with him, then the spirit of God who's unfolding that to us is the one who comes to quicken it in our lives and then make it alive through us. So it's not us living by our intellect. We receive the word. How does it pass through our mind? Right? And it is the word, God's thoughts that has life in it. And when we receive that word into ourselves, as the word goes down, then the word becomes an action in our lives. Now, when we read this here in the scripture, God's desire, as I'm coming back to this, is always that we in our life would walk and be able to walk with a certainty. And I don't mean a a something that's false or something that's hyped up, but I mean to wear that it's our life it we're we're we're not afraid to be thoroughly checked through the word. We we want our lives to be examined. I you know to me I know uh you know the Roman Catholic Church teaches you're going to you know come into purgatory and we'll pray you out of purgatory. Well, the reality is to the believer, you know, I don't need nobody when I've gone on. Right now is the real purgatory. This is where the Holy Spirit is coming to purge out our lives is making a people ready for the rapture. It's it's a catching away. So within this to think how Paul would would deliver this in 1 Corinthians 11, it's very much just like what we read out of Revelations 3. A condition that was among the church of confusion in this last days, but of heightened religious formalities. Now I'm going to tell you there is something more worse than a spirit of alcohol, smoking, prostitution, and everything else. The worst spirit there is is a religious spirit. Because a religious spirit, you can't tell it nothing. You can't lead it. And let me just tell you where that religious spirit comes in. The Bible tells us that when the the unclean spirit is gone out of the man. You know where I'm talking out of the book of Matthew. Brother Bram says, "Notice he wasn't cast out. He went out willfully." How did that happen? through the preaching of the word and a life beginning just to agree with the word of God. So the word remember Jesus said the word th uh uh thy word uh sanctify them through thy thy truth uh thy word father for thy word is truth. So it is the truth the preaching of the word that will actually cast out devils. It'll break the atmosphere of gloom and and confusion and amnesia. There's nothing as powerful as the word of God being delivered by God himself. Amen. Amen. And so when we when we see this in in the condition that that that that we're that we're living in, we know that the the prophet when I was talking about that religious spirit, brother Bam tells us, he says, "Notice that spirit, it goes out and it walks in dry places and then it comes back to the house and finds that this house is garnished. It's all cleaned up on the inside. Everything is nice, but it's empty." Ah, there you go. There you go. And with it, it says, "I will return back to my house, and it takes with it seven other devils." The Bible said, "So that the estate of that man is worse than the first." Is that right? We're living in an age and a time where we find sin is compiling. And the prophet will take that scripture and tie it in to the age that we're living in to where that down through seven church ages and how that unclean spirit there is walked. But here in this last time, we just read it in Revelations 3, it comes in the form of a religious spirit. That's good. And that religious spirit, it let me just tell you what religion is. The very word means a covering. All right. And this is why when the scripture said in Revelations 3, thou art naked and does don't know it because there is nothing that one man can give another man to actually clothe his soul. It there's only one garment that is can can be given that will absolutely clothe you and I as we ought to be clothed and that is the garment of the word. It is the garment of the Holy Spirit. There's only one thing that'll change your nature, and that is the spirit of the living God. Is that right? The Bible says in Revelations 19, "Let us be glad and rejoice for the marriage of the lamb has come. And his wife, the lamb's wife, no, not the lion's wife, the lamb's wife, one that is meek and a submissive heart and willing to yield to the word. She hath made herself ready. We see not waiting. Well, God, I'm just waiting on you to do this and I'm just waiting on you to do this. But it's taking God at his word. And when we see that there is a lacking, it's acting upon that word. That's why the prophet said in marriage of the lamb, "Oh, brother Brandham, if you'll only pray for me that God will deliver me of this spirit and uh this gambling, this alcohol, this this and that. If you only do that, I'll serve him." Brother Ram said, "You've got something to do." Amen. There is a fight. Are you hearing me? Let me tell you, when God got a hold of my life, a fight that I had with music. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I would be out in the truck during lunch break. I would turn it over to the stations that I listen to out of Cleveland, sitting right out there on the bay in Sunduski. I'd turn it over. No, no, I I can't. I don't want to go that way. I had given all my music away. I had given it away. Gave my earring. Gave everything away. But here I was sitting there and I would turn it back. No, I I can't. I'm not not going back to that. And then, you know, here it was. I turn it back. Why? There was still something in there, a desire for it. But let me just say this to you. You've got to wrestle it out. And what I mean by wrestling it out, it's not your human strength. It's saying, "God, I give it to you." Amen. This is an individual affair. It's an individual walk with God. And I'm going to tell you what he did. He took it from me. It didn't just happen on one day or the next day. I don't know how many days that that that went on. Or maybe it was even weeks. But I know there came a change. What are you saying? The fight is worth it. Eternal life is a fight. Yes. The Bible said the Lord the kingdom of heaven uh the it suffereth violence and the violent take it by force. This is not an hour to be passive. It's an hour to be violent. What do you mean by violent? I'm not talking about stirring things up. I'm talking about where you need to come to a place that you get angry with the devil and don't give him any place in your life where you come to a spot like Jacob. Enough is enough is enough. I'm tired of being Jacob. Do you realize what brings you and I to that place? Do you realize what deals with our life to bring us to that place? That's what I'm speaking on this morning. The spirit of discernment. That's so good. Because we're living in an age of such blendedness. We're living in an age where sin is is celebrating. We're living in the age, the Bible tells us in the book of Isaiah, where they would celebrate, Paul picks it up in Romans, where good is called evil and evil is called good. That's right. Why is that? and spirits. It's not men in their reasoning. It's spirits. That's true. But God is faithful as he has been down through every age to send his word and the spirit of discernment has come because as we read here in this last scripture of 1 Corinthians 11, not discerning the Lord's body. Now, who is the Lord's body? What is the Lord's body? Well, the Lord's body is the word. It is him. The Bible said in 1 Corinthians 12, "For by one spirit ye are baptized into one body, and that body is the word." This is why that when the scripture says, I believe in 1 John chapter 5, that there are three that bear record in heaven. The father, the word, and the holy ghost. And these three are one. Right? This is why Romans 8 said, "The spirit beareth witness with our spirit that we are the sons of God." Hallelujah. And the prophet when he was asked the question, is it possible for a person to actually know that they are a son and daughter of God? And the prophet said absolutely. And he takes us right to that scripture of Romans 8. Thy spirit beareth witness with the word. Let me tell you what that means. It means when our life there has come a change on the inside and it is a receiving of the word of God. Not just doctrines, not just teaching, but let me just put it to you plain like this. Where there's nothing that our soul in God's word could not punctuate with an amen. Amen. Even when things are brought to our knowledge that we have not known before, but when the spirit of God breaks away ignorance around our lives and we say, "Oh Lord, I I didn't realize that that you know, I knew something might have been a little wrong." But when he comes and notice as he makes himself known, what do you do? You quickly leave it. Right? Where do you leave it at? Because you might be sitting right in the house of God. quickly what it is. You dismiss it out of your heart. It's like in your home where you take down a picture and say this picture, it's no longer going to be here. It's taking where you're allowing the spirit of God to take those things out of your life. So the discerning of the Lord's body, discerning what is his body? Well, it's him. He said, "Upon this rock, I'll build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail." So it's it's that which he himself builds his church upon the spiritual revelation of who he is. Wow. That's so good. This is his body. His body is him in action. Yes, sir. Are you with me? You want to know what he's thinking in the heavens? Look at what he's doing through the earth. Oh yes. Right. Thy will be done in earth even as it is in heaven. Brother Brandon said, "The hand moves in heaven, it'll move on earth." It's a reflection of what's going on. Right. Where did Moses catch the inspiration of the tabernacle of God that God might dwell among him? He was caught up. Yes. Right. Into heaven. He went up on the mountain. Everybody with me? Amen. And God reveals to him these things. So what happens now? what was in the heavens in the invisible realm becomes now h it captures the heart of God's people and now an assembling of what was in God's mind begins to take place so the people are not walking by their own thinking or building a building of their own establishment this is why in the book of revelations where God calls out and says they are false apostles. And he says that their assembling is not after me. It's after Satan. It doesn't mean that they don't mean that they got books of I don't know if the guy's name was Alexander Crowley or whatever he is and and devils and oh my they got this, you know, sign and that. No, no, no. The devil's a slicker. [Music] Come on, friends. We're not talking about witchcraft. All right. Amen. We're talking about the devil who's a slicker. The one who came into the garden there more subtle. [Applause] Paul said that he was he he said he transforms himself into angels of light. In other words, bringing a greater understanding. Let me tell you something. If anything brings to you an understanding that takes you out of the word of God and away from the life of Jesus Christ, it is a lying spirit. And God permits lying spirits. He did in the time of Ahab and Micah. Elijah had already prophesied in the time of Elijah's silence. God said, "What can I what can I what can happen in order to cause Ahab to go down there that the word of Elijah might be fulfilled?" And here came up a lying spirit. Right. That's true. Amen. Son, I'll take the job. This guy was confident, man. Yes, he was. I'll go into I'll get in the mouths of their prophets and I'll speak to them a word. Oh, it had them all stirred up. You talking about emotional? Come on now. You know I'm preaching. Zedekiah grabbed the horns and running around and my goodness, they had such a time. But listen, Micah was not walking there and moved by an anointing. Are you hearing me now? He was looking at the word. And when they told him, "You got to say what the rest are saying. You got to say what the rest are saying." But God showed in the end time, not only would he have a true messenger, but God would have people in the end time. It didn't matter if your whole family's against you. It didn't matter who's against you. You're going to stand on thus saith the Lord. Come on, somebody. Amen. You might have to stand alone. Let me tell you, you'll never win your family. You'll never win anybody by being a compromiser. Come on. It's got to stand for the truth. It stand for the word of God. And you can stand for God's word with love in your heart. Come on. Well, now this this you know that lion spirit just coming along and and to lead them. What was that lion spirit doing? It led them to the slaughter. And the lion spirit that is in the mouth of false prophets. And let me just tell you, a false teacher, the prophet said, has just enough truth. The biggest lie that was ever told had 99% truth in it. Yeah. One word. One word. Missing one word and you miss the rapture. The Bible said in Revelation, "Whosoever addeth one word or taketh one word away, his part will be taken from the book of life." Is that right? And so these lying spirits, they gathered them. They rallied them. Let me tell you, under this pale horse anointing, right? It's a gathering. It's a mixture. Blending cultures. It's blending, blending, blending, blending, blend. Everything's a mixture. Mixture of religions and mixture. This look friends, you don't have to look very far. If you watched all the things that was taking place that even where the pope, look at all the dignitaries. Come on now. Look at all them, right? Look at all the things that was was going on. and and and and all this right here. And look, you look at I was telling my wife last night, I said, "You know what's incredible? Here is here is a situation where it's not even a nation or a world leader, but they regard him as that." That's good. That's so good. You know why? That's the spirit that was spoken in the word of God. Are you hearing me? Amen. All of that, it has it has to come under that. But let me just say this. in the midst of this hour, you and I friends, you know why? You know why people are there? You know why people are caught up? Do you realize why even those as they went you know and let me just let me let me say something here and I don't want you to get me wrong. What all that that even when Franklin Graham said that oh my after the White House prayer breakfast and Easter thing, oh my, there's going to be such a man such a revival. Now let me just say this to you. We know that's not true. Now let me just say this. I would rather have seen that there than seen that LGBTQYZ stuff and Biden putting that on Easter. Preach with me, somebody. I'm not elevating Trump or nobody else. But I am trying to show show you and I we can see that. Thank God for the spirit of discernment that we're not looking for a revival to come to America. And you know what? We're going to live in the presence of Jesus Christ until the change of our bodies. And until he comes, I don't mind paying a little bit less taxes. Say that wasn't very spiritual. No, but it is also the Bible said you don't know how to use your money. Now, don't worry. I you know I'm not I'm not going anywhere with this. You you'll find one thing about brother Samuel. I'm not here to try to put things together and pound this together and pound that together cuz the prophet of God never did that. He never gave us a word and said, "Well, this is going to happen. This is going to happen and here we are. We've seen that. We've seen predictions made. We've seen all that." And that's a trap of the devil. We are not called to make predictions. We are called when we see these things going on, lift up your head. Your redemption draweth nigh. And let me tell you, it isn't up to you or I to try to make sense out of modern events. They are made clear by prophecy. Hallelujah. That's so true. And not by trying to shuffle a quote here and shuffle this here and shuffle this here. I want a picture to look like a picture. And I don't want to have to wear your glasses to look at it. There you go. That's right. That was free. Amen. Cuz I know in Acts of the Holy Spirit, the prophet talks about a pope coming out of America. We'll see, right? I'm not doubting it. I'm just what I'm trying to tell you is you know what? It's like with everything else. I you you know what I'm resting on? I'm resting on the rapture. I'm not resting on my interpretation. I'm resting in the word and what he's doing in my life. Amen. That's where my joy is at. Cuz you know why the Bible, oh my, the prophet tells us, he said the same God that gave Polycarp and the rest of them what they needed in the hour they were standing in, he said that same God will give the supreme grace for the supreme hour. Don't worry about rapturing faith. It'll be there. Hallelujah. Don't worry about it. It'll be there. Don't worry about the ram, Abraham. It'll be there. Hallelujah. Just keep walking with him. You've got a clear vision. You've been called out of the valley into the higher heights. You've been called to Mount Mariah. You've been called to ascend. [Applause] Matthew 16 and verse one. The Pharisees and the Sadducees came and tempting desired him that he would show them a sign from heaven. You see, they they weren't convinced. And yet in all their backroom conclave type things, all their smoke signals, they knew. Nicodemus exposed them. Nicodemus exposed them. We all know you're a man come from God. You know what stumbled him? the man part. You know what has always stumbled people? The man part. But God has never done anything outside of the agency of man. That is so good. Is that right? Amen. Because in order to redeem us, he had to become a man, a son of man, right? He had to come down and that blood cell that would actually pay the price for our sin because there was no other blood that was innocent. Are you hearing me? This blood was the was was not created of of a sexual mixture. It was the creative blood of God. God had provided what would be able to take care of the sin question. God had provided what would be able to put away our sins. That his life might come to you and I and make known to you. You're free. I paid the price for you. You are always my son and my daughter. And the spirit of God comes to your life and makes you aware as a son and daughter of God what rightfully belongs to you. Praise God. Preacher. Yes, sir. He answered them and said, "When it is evening, you'll say it'll be fair weather, for the sky is red, and in the morning it'll be foul weather today, for the sky is red and lowering." Oh, you hypocrites. You can discern the face of the sky, but you cannot discern the signs of the times. A wicked and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall no sign be given unto them, but the sign of the prophet Jonas, Jonah, and he left them and departed. What was that sign of the prophet Jonah? Resurrection. God sent Jonah. Oh my. Come on now. God sent Jonah to a place he didn't even want to go to. As a matter of fact, brother Brian, that place was so wicked, nine of them. Brother Brandham picks it up in a man running from the presence of God. He said, "The reason that Jonah was did what he did is because he thought they'll not receive this message." His thinking caused him to take a different ship. Are you hearing me? But let me just tell you, he was right in the plan of God. Because God provided a special fish. Remember brother Brown talking out there and he's between meetings and here this science fair is going on and here this they're displaying a well or you know I don't know if it there's you know an actual display or what it was but they were trying to show and disprove of how that you know well there's no way that Jonah could have been swallowed up. Let me tell you what science science let me just say this now science can can be used to prove God's word is true. But when when when it comes under the wrong inspiration, it wants to disprove. You know why? Because if you can disprove God's word, it that's what Satan wants to do to try to drive away an accountability of the hour. He wants to drive that away from you and bring that it's all right. God don't care. God loves you anyhow. God, what's he trying to do? Discredit the word of God. Because the with the objective is that he wants to separate you from what God intended for you to have. And that is a true new birth. [Music] Are you hearing me? That's why this is why this is why the trinity doctrine it is there to try to separate the reality. Great is the mystery of godliness that God became one of us. God the whole way that now his life might come back in you and I. And they were there that that well. Oh, it can't be swallowed. It can't man can't do this. And brother Brandham just picks up. Watch this. What's wisdom? So, wait a minute. The Bible said it was a special fish the Lord had prepared. Let me just say this to you. We are no different here than any other humanity. But God has prepared a people in this hour. He already knew the bed of time that you would be planted in. Hallelujah. And he has prepared your womb, the seed to receive that seed of himself. Amen. Glor Abraham's seed came in a harlot. It produced a wild man. A man that can never be tamed. But when Abraham's seed came to the right bedding ground, it brought forth a promised son of God. Hallelujah. The Holy Spirit falling just upon your spirit, it can produce a wild man never able to be subject to the word of God. But if it ever gets to that inside man, it'll produce a son and daughter of God. [Applause] Hallelujah. It'll produce one whom some who others said there's no way possible that it can come forth. You're everything's dead. But God specializes in raising the dead to life. Hallelujah. You're not the son of a bond woman. You say, "What is the bond woman?" A denomination. And unclean, but you're the son. Come on. I'm quoting the scriptures. Galatians. You're the son of a free woman. This word is not manhandled. This word, what has brought a birth in your life has not been a man-made system. Because when that happens, you'll look like the man who's preaching. Your life will match their doctrine instead of the word. That's why God allows all the isms. All the little trickling things that have come around the message to pass away. How can it pass away? Cuz it's not the genuine life of the word. Amen. But can't discern the sign of the times. Amen. What was the sign of the times? God dwelling in flesh. You know what? God dwelling in flesh. It was the announcement. The acceptable year is upon us. That's when he took the book. It was in the hands of the priest. The priest had always had it. The priest had always, you know, they had read from it. But when he took it and he said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me." The lamb has got the book in his hand. And he's beginning to reveal these things. Hallelujah. Amen. He begins to speak. He hath sent me. He didn't send a doctrine. He sent me the person. Amen. Right. To bang up the brokenhearted. Amen. Hallelujah. To heal the sick. To mend those, to minister to those that were bruised and give recovering of sight to the blind. You say, "Who did that?" The Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Who is it that's in our midst? It's him. Amen. Let me say this. Maybe even for you that are kind of around the fringes, you enjoy you enjoy coming here in the presence of God. But let me just let me just say this to you. the presence that you feel and what makes you desire and delight and even set aside your work schedule to be in the house of God. It's because that God himself wants to make this atmosphere more than just something that's at 15:30 Lake Breeze Road. He wants this atmosphere of his life to come live inside of you. Hallelujah. And if this atmosphere, as the children of God come in this atmosphere and the joy of the Lord begins to strike and hearts are just being tuned in with God, if that'll do that here, it'll do the same thing in your life in a personal level. It'll bring a joy in your life that the world never gave and the world can't take it away. We must discern the times. Amen. Discern the sign. I am. It's an everlasting sign. Amen. It's a super sign. It's an end time seed sign. Amen. What is it? It's Christ tabernacling in his body. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, the Bible tells us in Zechariah 14:6, "It shall come to pass in that day that the light shall not be clear nor dark." Yeah. Just mixture just what it is. Brother Bram says just enough light at that time just to kind of see savior, right? Enough light to join a church. That that that's the kind of light it's like walking in a dark place and all of a sudden you catch a little bit of light and a little bit of light shines this thing on on a building where you can get into safety. Right? Yeah. But what you realize is is just coming to a church is not a place of safety. That's right. If the word is going forth, the spirit of God is there to make that word live, then that's one of the wonderful places that you can be because right there is God himself, the author of the creation of God that's able to bring an absolute transformation in your life. So, you're in the right place to be molded into a son and daughter of God. But you don't just want to stop at a church because there was there in the parable one that showed up at the wedding feast and didn't have on a wedding garment. That's right. And when Jesus spoke to him, he said, "Friend," Brother Ram said he called him friend because he was a church member. He had acquaintances with this man. That's so good. This this this man, you know, how'd you get in here? Well, he he knew you came in some other way. Cuz if you'd come in by the door, who is the door? Jesus said, "I'm the door to the sheep bowl." Amen. Right. And anybody who comes any other way is a thief or robber. Right now, that man didn't realize he had been robbed. He had been led by a lying spirit. To tell him just hold off. It's all right. You're a good guy. You're a good maybe a good girl. You're a good one, man. You're so wonderful. I mean, everything teas are dotted. You are an excellent upstanding community member. Can't even put a finger on your life. But no matter all your works, that's right. It'll never substitute No, it won't. For the baptism of the Holy Ghost, there was one who the Lord Jesus when he stood in his presence, the rich young ruler, and he asked him, "What must I do to have eternal life?" He knew he was lacking something in his life. Don't you appreciate the spirit of discernment that would even alert you and I to a lacking. Father God, I'm so thank God for that. Amen. Because let me tell you, brother Brandon said, "It ain't going to be the drunkard who's disappointed at the judgment. It ain't going to be the prostitute. Ain't going to He said because they already know where they're going." But he said, "What's going to be the greatest disappointment at the judgment is that man that thought he was right dwelling in church." And let me bring it on down, friends, right here around the greatest truth of this hour. You will never get any more truth than the person of truth himself in this hour, Jesus Christ. That's what this message is. This message is not a collection of doctrines. This message is the person of Jesus Christ. It's the spirit of truth, the spirit of discernment that is sent to the church of the living God to break back the clouds. Gallelujah. But it shall be one day, verse seven, which shall be known to the Lord, not day nor night, but it shall come to pass that at the evening time, it shall be light. Hallelujah. The spirit of discernment, this is why when you see it, look, look, look with churches. And I'm not here picking on churches, but I'm here preaching the word. Amen. And you know, let me tell you, the only true source of discernment, as we looked at on Thursday night, is the word of God. Hebrews 4:12. And it is not the word of God through a man's filter. Right? Amen. But it's the word of God that is through the filter of God's word. Because coming through the filter of God's word, it it'll produce a holy man's taste. It'll take away guilt. It'll take away desires. It'll cleans up our life. And you know what? on the other side here. You've got what you have is is a is a holy man. You have a daughter of God. What are they doing? The only thing they live for to draw from is the source of life. That is so true. That is so true. And only the word can bring discernment. Amen. As I said earlier, it's amazing how Satan, remember all these quotes I read a few weeks ago where where where you find different ones, brother, I'm dealing with nervousness and sometimes those coming into the time of life and oh, Satan's told you cross the line. Satan told you this and and it's got you all tore up. He said you never crossed the line, right? Yeah. Come on now. The Holy Ghost is for you. Right? Or had some that were so they they you know in in their mind even like Sister Bruce here she was in a condition and where she was at. What happened there? The spirit of discernment separated truth from error. What did it bring? Stability in her life. You see this is why it's so much power such power in the in the word of God the message of the hour. Because you're not coming before a man. No. It's not a man telling you things. It is Melzdc that's in our midst. And when we talk about Melzdc, Hebrews 7, he never had no beginning of days nor ending of life, neither father nor mother. Who could that be but God himself? Is that right? That's why the prophet said after that time in the Old Testament, he said we never hear no more of him because he became Jesus Christ. God became flesh. Amen. Amen. That's why we don't believe in eternal sunship because the body had to die. But the spirit of life, that quickening power raised it up. And after it's all said and done, after the ruling part is over and after the millennium is over, he said, "Then shall he have delivered the the the kingdom to the father." You say, "What's going to take place? Is Jesus going to come down? No. Oh, but it'll break forth even in a greater reality that it's been me the whole time. Almighty God, in that time, Paul said in Timothy, shall he reveal who is the only wise and potentate? [Applause] The only wise and true immortal God. Brother and sister, we have not have a secondhanded revelation. This is a visit by the death of the Holy Spirit himself. It's discerning who's in our midst. This is the time to be yolked to the word of God. Amen. That is so good. Thank you, Lord. spirit of discernment in these last days calling out against the cursed things. The same spirit of discernment, notice, brother Ram said, the same one who does it on the platform, that same spirit of discernment looks out through these eyes and he sees the condition of time. He sees the churches and they just letting everybody do everything and everything falls under the canopy as well, God loves you. Well, if that's what you call love, that he would let me live in sin and he would let me dwell and live with desires in my life and live a life that has no victory. I don't call that love. No sir. Then we need to understand what is real love. Now this is the age of self love. Everything now the gospel has been tailored as it was in the fall of the church in the thyron age. Little by little that innocent white white horse rider begin to ride coming into that first age. Then it moves over to the red horse rider begins to gain power. That's right. See innocent things become powerful in your life. That's right. Amen. Do you realize the very thing that Saul failed to destroy the Amalachites, the very thing that ended his life was a young one. That's right. That's good. That's why the prophet said, "Don't spare the baby Amalachites cuz they grow up to be big ones." The very thing that he failed to put out of his life is the very thing that consumed him. That's right. Amen. You see, in this hour we're living in, we're living in a time, like I read in Zechariah 14, for as far as the world and way things are, it's a gray time. It's a grayish time. I don't like gray skies. That's I was glad when I I was a little bit apprehensive about going to Edmonton because last time I went to Edmonton, everything was gray. I left out here in September. I was I had more months of sunlight. The last time I went up there, it was gray. Oh, but it was sunny this time and beautiful. I thank God every day, believe me. But you know, when the gray and the condition and all of those things the way that it is, it's a mixture, right? It's a time there of uh of of of the uncertainty. But God has made it clear within this hour that he would bring to us in this time a real true light. Because let me just say this to you. For the most part, it's not the black and white that get us. Are you hearing me? So good. It ain't the black and white. It's the gray areas. If you've got problems with the black and white, then what you have problems with is where your relationship is with God. All right? That's right. If if it's reasoning you out to things of the word of God, then that that's let me just tell you, listen listen friends, it's a reality in this in this day and age, I am holding on for each and every person that they would each and every one would be so on fire and filled with the Holy Ghost. And being on fire and full with the Holy Ghost don't mean that you're doing cartwheels and everything else. It means you've got a ferveny for God. And you care about what God thinks. Not about what your boss thinks. Not about what your neighbor thinks. Not about what somebody else thinks. You care about what God thinks. Hallelujah. And I'll tell you, you stand there on that day, it won't matter anybody else is there. That's right. That's why today is the day of salvation. Amen. But this in this this day, it's the gray things. This is why the things that even in our life, this is why the spirit of God, as we're feeding on the word and giving ourselves to the word, the Holy Spirit will come, we can witness of this. And he will alert us to things and say, "Uh-uh. Uh-uh. That's right. Uhuh." And you just can't put your finger on it. And he just said, "Uh-uh. Uh-uh. That's so true." Now, you got a choice. You can look around and say, "Well, so and so does it." But you better be careful because you might follow so and so right out of the rapture. That's right. God never called you to follow a man. Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ." So what are you following is the word. That's why the prophet said, "And come follow me." He said, "You want to make sure who that man you're following, see who he's following." And let me tell you something that this church of the last days, the prophet seen it in a vision sitting right outside of that JC. C Penneyy's department store. I sat right in the parking lot where that vision came. It ain't some fabulous super duper place, but God visited him in a vision. And he stood and preached the masterpiece and didn't know what the interpretation was until he was preaching it. Hallelujah. You know what that shows me? that while this word is being preached, there is a people that can see themselves in line with God's word. And it also shows me that while the word is being preached, that for the elect that maybe you get your eyes off here and you start wondering over here, that same word will say get back in step. What is it? God watching over his word. Amen. The spirit of discernment. Amen. Amen. Because that church of America was following a witch. That's right. You know what a witch is? It's sorceries. This is why Paul came amongst the Galatians and said, "Oh foolish Galatians, who have bewitched you, that you should not obey the truth." Right? Right. Let me tell you, anything that's holding you back from complete obedience to the truth is a bewitching spirit. It's called a seducing spirit. Or as the prophet preached it, an enticing spirit. Amen. An enticing spirits, the prophet said, it'll lead people instead of them submitting to the real word of God, they'll go on fast for 40 days. They'll speak with tongues. They'll do this. They'll do that. religious, right? But it's an enticing spirit to do what? Lead them from the truth of the word of God. What is the truth of the word of God? Christ in you. And Satan will use smoke screens. He'll use distractions. Why? He's wanting to lead it away from the real truth. Are you hearing me? This is why we do not base our life upon sensations. We don't base our experience upon gifts. Amen. Come on friends. We base it on the word of God. Amen. Is that right? Is our heart in subjection to the word of God? So now we find two different things. We find a spiritual birth. One church of a spiritual birth and the other of an intellectual membership. One is based on spiritual discernment and another on education and intellectual conception. Right? Now notice the Bible tells us here in Isaiah 28:5 and Isaiah 28:5, "In that day shall the Lord of hosts be for a crown of glory." Oh, I love that. He is the vindication of your life as a son and daughter of God. Are you hearing me? And for a diadem of beauty. What what's more beautiful than the character of Christ? That's the beauty of the church, right? Unto the residue of the people, and for a spirit of judgment to them that siteth in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate. Let me tell you, there's no greater place to bring your enemy than to the gate. It was the gate that Boaz traveled to. And he settled the disputes. Right? Where where the one who was a nearer kinsman and the prophet tells us that nearer kinsman was a devil. Our soul, our nature was kin to him. But he said, "I can't do it." You know, I'm quoting scripture. I can't do it less I mar my inheritance. If the devil would become a devil to take away the devil, it wouldn't mar his experience. But God himself became one of us. He who knew no sin became sin that we might be made the very righteousness of God in Christ. He went to the gate. And he said it won't mar my experience. These lives like this where nobody else wants them. Listen friends, let's just be honest. Our life was in a fix. The devil didn't even want us. Our lives were so messed up, he tore our picture off of his refrigerator in hell. He said, "Good Lord, I don't even want them down here." But God said, "I'll take them." Their pictures always been on my refrigerator. It's always been in my album. This is why I came. They were on my mind the whole time. This is why I came. And let me tell you something. You're more than a picture. You're a living, manifested, eternal, expressed attribute of God. You're no longer a word in a page. You're an expressed son and daughter of God that came from the loins of God's mind in the loins of Jesus and now are expressed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But this is how they aired. The Bible said they aired in verse seven through wine and through strong drink or are out of the way. That's good. Yes, sir. You know what it does? Gets them all loose. Take somebody that's all uptight and you get them you get them start drinking. You get people that could be a stick in the mud. Come on friends. know I I know some of us we all come from different backgrounds and things but don't you know what I'm talking about you even maybe if whether you not you ever were uh had you know fell under that or not you know you've been around people I've had people call me on the phone and I knew they were drunk I'm talking been associated with a message and had called me that's good I'll tell you what happened one time to an individual they were high from smoking pot and they were they they they called me and said, "Brother Samuel, I don't know what happened and how this I said,"Well, let's pray right now and we're going to ask the Holy Spirit because your desire is to be free and and this is you stumbled into this and we're going to pray and I'm going to ask the Holy Spirit to break that over your life right now so you can get home." Hallelujah. Let me tell you what the Holy Spirit did. The Holy Spirit broke that buzz or whatever you want to call it. Hallelujah. That's so good. Now, it's a witness to her. She's not serving the Lord here right now, but it's a witness to her she can never get away from. She may not be sitting here right now, but you know what? God hadn't forgotten. You say, "Brother Samuel, what are you doing?" I'm holding on. Amen. The scripture said, "What must I do to be saved?" It said, "What must I?" Brother Brham said, "He never asked, "What must my house do? What must I do?" That's good. That's good. Brother Bram said, "We're so busy telling them what not to do. Just tell them what to do." Amen. Come on now. Believe. Because when you believe, there's a there's a sweep of the Holy Spirit that even will turn and begin to lift you above the things of the world. What are you doing, brother Sam? I'm holding. I'm holding. I not It's not just from my household and my my natural family and different ones. I'm holding for everyone in the household of God. I'm holding for every life. I'm holding for every heart. Come on, friends. I'm holding on for everyone. I will not I will not give up. [Applause] Amen. Sometimes you have to just commit things in the hands of God and let God work it out. That's right. Right. Let God work it out. God knows how to work everything out. Yes, he does. Right. So this strong drink and wine and it's got them all out of the way and man they're just you know you take people like I said they they all of a sudden man they can be the oh they're not very talkative get a little something in them right you can take a man might be about this high you get you get something in him what he gets in him makes him think he's twice his height Uh-huh. Is that right? It'll it all of a sudden it'll cause him where he kept his thoughts to himself, he'll start he'll start talking. You keep on getting a little bit more keep on getting a little bit more into him. What's he doing? He's losing sight of himself and his surroundings. Now, let me just say this. There is a good part when we apply this spiritually and there's a bad part. Amen. The bad part of it is is where that a life can become so intoxicated with the things of life. The scripture tells us that drunken with the aares of the world and we just become oblivious to what's going on around us and even where our life is with God. And there's a good part about it to where a person can get so drunk on God, it'll actually cause them to lose offenses in their heart against their brother. That's so good. That is so true. It'll actually cause them to treat those that would be regarded and they would have a right to say enemy. He'll actually cause them to treat them with such love and respect. What will do that? Just drinking the right kind of thing. But if you get to sipping the wrong kind of thing, you be careful because it can actually cause you to build bitterness and you actually get drunk on bitterness and waiting for somebody else to die. That's so good. That's so good. But let me just tell you, you don't want bitterness. There there there's one who took bitterness for you. That's right. We might have a right. I'm not saying we don't have a right. But let me just say like this. Lord, you took it for me. If there's anybody cuz he never offended nobody. I mean, he never did nothing wrong. Hello. He never did nothing wrong. Right. He knew no sin. Right. And here he was being spit on, mocked, ridiculed, everything else. And they offered him the bitter the bitter cup. And he took it. You know why? So you and I don't have to drink it. We don't have to live with our life filled with poison. It might be poison from when you were a little girl or a little boy. Put that cup down. Stop drinking that cup and drink the cup of salvation. Drink the cup of the Lord. Hallelujah. It'll release you from those complexes. It'll release you from those holds and that torment that wants to hold over your life. He's offered you a cup that no other man could offer you. It is the cup of his own life, of his own fellowship. He has extended to you in the betroal. Amen. Lord, that's good preaching. Yes, sir. Lordise, it's a discerning of the body. Hallelujah. how it's an we're living in a time where these things taking place. But Brandon says where it's abomination to God for a woman to put on the garment that pertains to a man. Right? It's a truth. He says now brother Ram's going through all this this the discerning the body of the Lord. That'd be a good one to listen to along with discernment of spirit. I gave that to you on Thursday night. And listen friends, here's why. I've got loved ones, okay, that at one time they never would have cut their hair under the church of God under holiness. But over the years, you know what's been said? They've Oh, well, Paul, this is what Paul meant. Let me tell you what Paul meant. He meant what he wrote. And you want to let me just tell you something. You want to know God? Why God regards? and he'll lay that down with the woman and the sacredness because let me tell you something, God never chose the man to be a type of the church. He chose the woman. You are a type of his virtuous, spotless bride. And you know what long hair means? This is scripture. First Corinthians 11, it speaks they have power on their head because of the angels. And the prophet said, "What that long hair shows is they have come under that angel's message. They are under the authority of the word. That's what long hair is. It's a veil. Paul wrote of it. Well, you say, "What is long hair?" Cuz maybe, you know, some have problems cuz their their hair don't grow real long. Long hair is uncut hair. Well, I'm just trimming the dead ends. I don't mean to offend you, but that's dumb. Your hair don't grow from down here down. It grows from here. Amen. And what what listen that's just how it is. Well, I'm going to trim this and trim. But this is what I'm trying to say. You know, there comes to a place to just just let that be aside. Say, God, I recognize by the discernment of the word that that's an abomination. God, let me tell you something. God veils his people by the word. Hallelujah. How does he veil you? By the garment of the word. You are sealed. You are clothed. Anybody ever go in a bank? Anybody ever go in a bank? Come on. I know y'all going banks. Have you Everybody got a loan? Uhhuh. I know you said, "I went and bought eggs. I got a loan." But every time you ever went and got a loan, Brother Ryan, when you went and got a loan, did they show you the gold? No. No. They don't even put out stacks of money on their desks, do they? No. It's hidden. And that's how God does with the gold. The gold is hidden beneath the garment of his word. Deity is clothed with the garment of his word. It's clothed with the righteousness. This is why Paul said that the women first Timothy 3 should be adorned in modest apparel. Modest doesn't mean what the newest fashion is. Modest, the very word. I'm not making this up. It's free flowing garments. Right? Because it can be long skirts that'll go clear to the ankle, but it'll show every curve of the body. Oh, I'm preaching now. But see, the spirit of discernment. Now, listen, listen, listen. This is why the the prophet over and over as they would say to him, "How can you tear women up? How can you do?" He wasn't tearing women up. He's trying, you know, he's trying to do head them off before the judgment. Because where did those women get that? The brother Brandon tells us, he said, "Jaclyn Kenny with that waterhead haircut." He said, "Now I look across the Pentecostals and I see these waterhead haircuts in here." He said, "But if she had sat in my meetings and heard my preaching, she maybe wouldn't do that." [Applause] He said, "But you've heard the word and you'll give an account for it." Brother Samuel, I can't help it. Yes, you can. There's a blood. The spirit of truth, the spirit of discernment says, "Yes, you can. Greater is he that's in you. There is a blood to take care of your situation. The spirit of discernment looks beyond all of the doubts, all of the darkness. And let me say this to you as men. It'll cause you to be real men. We're living in an age and a time of demasculization of men where men men are stuck in front of video game machines and their wives out working. We're down in the basement. Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. Listen, this was not something that was prepared. This dropped at moments before I left my house. But here we are in a time and you know what happens with it? It causes now why is depression and anxiety on the rise is because the true value of who God intended you as young men as young ladies who he intended you to be and Satan wants to come in through innocency and strip it away. It's a devaluing of what God inquired for you to be. Amen. Wonder where it's at in this hour. Let me just say this to you. The same God that broke the darkness over your life is the same God that can do it for your son. Do it for your daughter. It won't be words that'll talk it out of them. But let me tell you something. You know what makes a difference in these services? You know what's made a difference in your life is when you seen Jesus Christ that he's alive and well. Listen, don't try to convince them. Just live it. Say, "God, let my life be so rich. Let the spirit of discernment so permeate through my life that what will it happen that how the life that's being lived that when you get around them? Conviction. And it's not a conviction that'll run somebody in a corner because there's an atmosphere around you that they love to be around you. It's a mystery. They can't understand it. What do I do? Keep shining the light. Hallelujah. Amen. It's the spirit of discernment that will break back the seals. The spirit of discernment that'll break back the confusion. Amen. Tell you, God's called you and I to be sons and daughters of God. Amen. Brother Bram says, you know, he says a woman dresses herself like that, she's going to be guilty of adultery at that day of judgment. It's like somebody, you know, somebody said about brother Bram's visions. I And I'm just, you know, this look, this is this is my church. I'm pastor here. So, it's kind of like being at my table. If I want the water on this end, water's coming on this end. But I'm just going to preach here. I don't under I to me it it, you know, I just say it like this. God has not called us to try to go through and try to figure out the message. No. No. If it's been revealed to you, preach it. [Applause] And it ain't going to prove it out just by, well, this and that and this and that and this and that. But you know what? You got to you got to have a real meeting with God to where you recognize this is not man's ideas. This is eagle food from the throne of almighty God. That's what it has to become to you. And I'm going to tell you, if it's nothing but dos and don'ts, if that doesn't get changed, you're headed for tribulation. And when the rapture comes, don't expect a text on telegram from me. I'm not saying that to scare you, friend, but we're living in a time of reality. The Bible said there'll be two in a bed, one taken, one left. Two grinding at the mill, one taken, one left. It shows you the closeness. Where where is this going to happen, Lord? Wheresoever the carcass is there where the eagles be gathered together. Where is the closeness going to happen? Right around where the revealed word is at. That's why right now you want to receive that of the spirit of discernment bringing it down into your life and say, "I'm going to take my side with the word." I don't care what it costs me. I'm laying everything aside. You know what you are? Maybe your makeup or your clothes or your your your you know your your your dreams of being this and doing that and doing this. Maybe when you get to looking at it, you realize it ain't nothing but popcorn and peanuts. And you realize the train's coming in, the next flight's coming. Hallelujah. Amen. I don't got time. You know, when we were in between flights, I know this is carnal, but it'll help you. We were in between flights. We pulled I wanted to be home. So, we flew all night from Edmonton, flew into Atlanta, man, I was 50 minutes. I thought, "Dear Lord, we missed customs in in Edmonton, man. I've got to get Man, I'll be down there be time for coffee. They'll be open at that time." And I cuz I don't drink coffee on an airplane. But uh I'll tell you that on different reasons. But anyhow uh you know when I when I'm I get in there, we ain't having time for nothing. We barely got to the next plane. My wife ran ahead of me. That's why I'll take her. Dad, she still got that softball sprint down. I didn't have time to get a coffee. I didn't have time, brother Brian. I knew I didn't have time to do nothing. Let me tell you, if you can really see it in this hour, listen, lay aside everything else. It's a time to lay aside every weight and every sin that doesn't need and beset you. And let's run this race. Amen. I'm not saying that your dreams or your wants are peanuts and popcorn, but anything that delights you and taking you away from the flashing red lights of his coming, throw it down. Throw it down. It's not worth it. It's not worth missing the rapture. It's not worth [Applause] because it ain't just coming to this church that'll put you in a rapture. You've got to get in Jesus Christ. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. What is the kingdom of God? It's Christ in you. Amen. The Holy Ghost. Amen. If you've repented of your sins and been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, then let God and ask him to sanctify your life. Amen. And say, "God, clean me up. Take me all the way. I want to be united with you. I don't want to be a flirtter. I don't want to flirt with you, Lord. I don't just I don't want you to be a side boyfriend. I don't want you to be a pick me up when others drop me and dump me. I I want Lord, you're going to be the main man. Amen. Hallelujah. That's so good. That's so good. Let me tell you, he's more than anything else. He's a friend that'll stick us closer than a brother through ups and downs, through though as times change in our life. Even from when we go from, you know, we go through and times in our life of coldness, he don't divorce us. He don't look at us and say, "You sorry thing." Remember in the Hebrew series and message of grace, let me bring these two together. The prophet said, "When I married my wife," he said, "It's grace that done it for her. Grace made meaty brown." He said, "If she never washes the dishes, never cleans the clothes, lets the house go, whatever, she still is my wife." Because that's what grace did for her. But because she has accepted that grace, she shows her appreciation with the dishes that's washed, the clothes, and on and on. I know some of the sisters now say, "Thank God for wrinkle-free shirts. I know I do when I travel. Let me bring it down here. There's just no way we're going to." Brother Bram says, "You know, to that woman, he says, you might be pure as a lily to your husband or boyfriend." Now, it comes back to my point. When a person said that about one of the visions of brother Brandham when brother Brown said it'll get to a spot that women will not have well anything else and be completely naked and are having just nothing but just a a little something to cover the front. Now let me tell you something. We've got stores filled with this stuff now. I don't know if I'm going to get the name right or not. Lululemon and whatever more it is. But everywhere you walk, listen, I'm not condemning women. I'm telling you this right here. Walking around with all of that aerobic clothing on. Yeah. Come on now. And all these things that's got on, it shows every aspect of the body. It's nakedness. Come on. You got quiet on me, but it's true. Right. Brother said, "It would be this way in the last days. It would nearly drive the sons of God out of their mind." Amen. That's so good. That's right. Right. But thank God for the Holy Ghost, right? Right now, cuz there there there's help for a man. There's help for a man. Well, I can't help it. There. Oh, no. No. There is help. There is grace to overcome. There is grace to put that lust devil under your foot. Thank God. Are you hearing me? And this thing right here, you got to remember this is serpent's meat. Are you hearing me? You got to you got to keep covered by the blood of Jesus Christ. Keep in the presence of God. You know, when you keep in the presence of God, it not only is a repellent against lust and sin and everything else, it's a repellent against offenses. Cuz why is that? You get in the presence of true value. And I ain't talking about a hardware store. I'm talking about eternal life. [Applause] Hallelujah. Yeah. And here the woman can be pure as a lily. Hey, listen. You meet good meet good women. Good, good, good individuals. But the scripture said, "Whosoever lookth upon a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her in his heart already, right? So you might not have done anything wrong actually, but when you dressed yourself like that, you presented yourself to a man, he's going to have to answer for committing adultery, and you are the blame. And the church is permitting that, not discerning the Lord's body. What's the Lord's body? The word. I tell you right now, as a sister, if you've got to wrestle with your skirt when you sit down, it's too short. It ought not be a wrestling match. You have a wrestling match with the angel of the Lord. Right now, either you got a problem with your dryer where you've been looking at other things. Come on now. Either it's shrinking or it's a problem with other things. Oh, brother Samuel, that that don't mean a dress is address. But let me tell you, it should not be showing. Look at these styles. Look at these styles and where they come from. Look at even the rais. Look, these are not things that brother Samuel's making up. You look it up. Just I tell you what, y'all, you know, you all use chat GPT and everything else. Dare you ask chat GPT what's modesty, right? It'll take it right in here. Woo. That's right. Well, we don't need artificial intelligence. We have the mind of Christ and we know what he wants done with the word. We're not prostrating oursel before a tablet or before a phone. We are prostrating oursel before a God who has ears to hear. He has a mouth to speak and he's living in a many membered body. I'm not packing him around and sat him down and worshiping. He's packing me. Amen. He takes me from place to place. And where the camp gets set up and the pillar of fire drops down, that's where we begin to worship. We begin to have fellowship around the things of God. It's a spirit of discernment. Lord, Ram says, "Let me read this in closing. Y'all are like discerning like I know better than Well, I I'm listen. I I if he takes a hold of something here, that's that's what I depend on. But notice, Brother Bram says this. I want to close with this here this morning. We need discernment. That's right. We need the discerning by the word. Amen. The word's right. Take the word. God's words always right. We can't discern by what people think, what intellectuals tells us, what psychiatrists tell us. We got to go by what God says. Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. Not discerning the Lord's body. Many are weakly and sick. Many are asleep, dead, spiritually dead. The last plague that hit Egypt was death. The last plague that hits the church is spiritual death. Amen. What we need today is a spiritual awakening. A spiritual awakening to discernment. You see what this evening light has done? It's brought discernment. To our lives, you know, it's incredible. Has it come across our pathway? we you couldn't even really maybe even put your finger on. I I was born and raised in the message, but I'm talking to some of the rest of you because I I didn't even understand what was going on when I was sitting here. But, you know, things come across your pathway and you can't even you can't even put your finger on it. There's just something different. I mean, for me, I knew there was something different. I just couldn't put my finger on it. You know, you you kind of look at things and you're looking at things like look at how this believed the Baptist and how this and how that and you know, you're looking at that. I I mean, you're just kind of looking, but until God comes by, right, and makes himself known to you. I know there was a difference, right? I know there was a difference in the way that my parents lived. I knew there was a difference from where with with with so many others that were good people. I had people that, man, gave me jobs. Good people. good people. But when the word itself begins to deal with your life and begins to stir something in your heart and won't let you remain where you're at and you can't even put your finger on it. It's just like something erupts out of you like it did Peter. Thou hast the words of eternal life. Where did that come from? Down in there. It was there the whole time. It recognized it. What was it? The spirit of truth, the testimony of a true witness, the spirit of discernment by the word brought that out of your life. And what did it do? You found that field. You found in and that treasure and you were willing to sell everything else. You found that pearl of great price. You're willing to forell everything else. Why? This means more to me than everything. I want him. Amen. I want him. Amen. I want him. That's what means more to you than anything else. And let me just say this, it's him. It's got to be him. He's more I believe in feelings. I believe in all the but it's got to be him. He's what you want. Amen. Because when you have him, it don't matter if you have good feelings or bad feelings. You've got him. And then as you begin to think on him and he comes by, you'll get good feelings. Oh yeah. He begins to whisper over you and say, "You're always the apple of my eye." Woo boy. Oh, bless. We don't go by feelings. Speak for yourself in those moments that begins to just ruffle these feather down on the inside. Oh, how I love to hear his voice. And you know why I can have confidence when he says that? Because the spirit of truth will also tell me. That's right. When I'm wrong. He can say, "Samuel, that's a little bit too short. Samuel, that's a little bit. And what is he doing? He's guiding me. Right. Right. You see, he didn't save me and walk away from me. No. Amen. He's not one that's disinterested in his creation. The prophet said he's right in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks. He's not an onlooker. He is right now governing in the affairs of men. All right. There is nothing that can take place without God permitting it. No wonder the prophet when he preaches God of this evil age, he says, "So what's going on? Has God lost control?" Ah, he said, "But in my true opinion, what's taking place is the Holy Spirit, there's two spirits here. The Holy Spirit is calling a bride by vindicating his word. And there's an unholy spirit, Satan, calling an intellectual bride through science. And it's to disprove the word of God. Let me say this to you. All the way down through the ages, what what what the spirit has wanted to do because it cannot get at that life. It's wanted to destroy the vessel that it's worked through. Amen. It tries to discredit the vessel. It did that to Abel. He died on his altar. Is that right? All the way through. It's tried to discredit every one of them that God's worked through. And that same spirit has tried to do the same thing with the messenger of this day. Sure. He stood right He stood right in Chicago and said, "Bring your Bible and stand right here." If I've said something wrong about the Godhead, come here and disprove it. And brother Brandham says they knew better because the angel of the Lord was standing there. Let me say this to you. The angel of the Lord has never left. He accompanies the message. Hallelujah. Amen. Become established on the rock of Jesus Christ. Don't stumble over it. Don't fall over it. Don't let it come down on you, but just say, "Lord, consume me." I just Let's Let's close here this morning on this and we'll just stop there. Just here this morning as we look at it and evaluate it, the spirit of discernment. Friend, if there's ever an hour and a time that we need discernment in our own lives, it's right now. It's right now. If there's ever a time that you need to be honest with yourself, it's right now. And to be honest before God. Now you you look you know in your own life if you've drifted if there's anything within your life that's not lined up with God if there's things that you went off oh that's just brother Samuel I've not I've not preached anything but what hadn't come from the message and the scriptures if I've said something that you find is not in the scriptures you owe it to me to come and sit down with me I don't argue with nobody. But I know where I'm standing. I'm not preaching from a maybe or or a perhaps. You couldn't have confidence. And let me tell you where that come from. It didn't come from any Browning genetics. Because on the way here, I had I held my wife's hands and I said, "The Lord's changing what I'm going to speak and I'm not exactly sure where I'm going." But you know what? when he comes. And what I'm saying to you is it's his word that brings certainty in your life. You want to live an overcoming life, come beneath the blood. Amen. You want to live a victorious life, come beneath the blood. Amen. Well, I'll just put Don't put it off to another day. You may not have another day. You may not have another opportunity. You can walk right out of here right now and Satan can tell you it'll be for another day. You may not have another day. Well, I'll wait till another time. Today is the day of salvation. Well, I believe the message of the hour, but remember the prophet tells us in the message token, just to come around where it's at is to make yourself worse. The message is come under the blood. Amen. I'm a good person. I'm I'm not saying you're not a good person, but what I'm asking you, are you one with God? Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Is your life in line with God's word? Well, I know all about I'm not asking you to know all about the message. Turn that enticing spirit down and receive the spirit of truth. Don't go upon all of your knowledge on words and and I've prayed for this one and I've spoke tongues here and I've done that. Don't base. That's an enticing spirit. That wants to distract you from what God wants for you. But right here is a moment in his presence. And you know all it takes is a moment. That's right. It takes a moment where you say, "You know what? I'm throwing these peanuts down. I'm throwing this popcorn down. I'm throwing this down." Maybe you've sat and you've made excuse. Well, I'm going to wait till God takes this from me. I'm gonna wait till God takes this from me. He wants to take it from you. That's right. Amen. If you'll just let him come in, you'll just let him come in. He'll take it from you. You say, "How will he do it?" Just like he did the music from me. Or you might pick it back up and then you put it back down. Pick it back up. But don't then you're not defeated just because you picked it back up. Maybe you put it on or maybe you tried them on or maybe you listen to this or what. You're not defeated. take it back off and say, "In the name of Jesus Christ, I lay this thing down. I lay it down in the name of Jesus Christ." Whatever besetting sin that's hindered you, lay it down in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. He's a mighty conqueror. Let me tell you, he's above pornography. He's above lust. Let me tell you, he's high and lifted up. He ain't just barely above it. He's high and lifted up. Amen. It might have been you got a little cold on God and I told you you got to stay in God's presence. But there's something that aren you to rise up and say, "Lord, I want to go deeper. Lord, I want more of you." Let the Holy Spirit, let him sort it out and discern it out right in our life. But within every one of us, Lord, I want to soar in that spirit of discernment because you know what happens when you get under this this eagle anointing? Let the devil sweat it out a minute. When you get under this eagle anointing, how many of you like maps? Now, I don't like them 2D maps, but they're saying I'm talking about Apple maps or it can be Google. We'll take we'll take the second best if the first is not available. But you know something about these maps? You pull up direction to somewhere, it gives you the option to look from from above. And when you look from above, you know what you can do? You can zoom back out. Oh, that's a busy way coming in. That's a busy way coming in. Oh, this way. You know what that is? That's only in the natural science. Tapping into that, that's what God has done through the eagle anointing in this last day. You're not just looking at something from an earthly view. We've left the man anointing. We've left the ox anointing feet on the ground. Man was on the ground. We left Hallelujah. The lion feet on the ground. All was the spirit of God working through. But now comes the flying eagle. What are you doing? You're seeing the end. Hallelujah. Why? Cuz you can see clear back to the mind of God. I always was a son and daughter of God. And the enemy says, "Do this or do that." And you say, "That ain't going to lead me closer to God." No. What's giving you that viewpoint? The eagle. You love him. Hallelujah. Musicians come. Brother Brian, you probably going to take it for me. It's dryness. It's just the devil wanting to try to get to that. But let me tell you, don't let it slip you by this morning. Right. Amen. If you need if you need more of God, he's here. Don't let it slip you by. Don't be ashamed. Oh, brother Sam, I'm ashamed. Well, don't Why Why be ashamed of him? Don't be ashamed of him. He's not ashamed of you. He wasn't ashamed to come down here and and give a word like this to you and I. He wasn't ashamed. Let me just tell you something. I ain't a bit ashamed. It's his word. It's his grace to you and me. Amen. I said to you and me. Amen. If it wasn't for the spirit of discernment, where would we be? We would be caught up in the rest of that pale house gathering. But God has sent a word to you and I. Come out of her. My people. And let me just say this to you here this morning. He's here. The Holy Ghost is here. The spirit of truth is here. The spirit of discernment. He's here. Why don't you just make yourself available? Just open. Maybe you've gotten cold. Make yourself available. Say, "God, restore to me that ferveny." Amen. That discernment. Things that you once used to bother you don't seem to bother you no more to do it. And now all of a sudden, so you just start getting in his presence. And all of a sudden, it may not be exactly called out, but it just starts something just ain't settling right. You know what that is? That's the spirit of discernment, the love of God. You see, this is why that the real reality, friends, the message of the hour is not dos and don'ts. We preach the word of God, but it's it's greater than dos and don'ts because you can do all the right things and not do all the wrong things, but that's conformity. Say, God, transform me. Right. Amen. Change my nature, Lord. Change my nature. That's what you're opening up. That's why That's why when the things, like I said, Brother Samuel, I was I was turning it here and then I turn it back and turn it here, turn it back. But you know what I'm looking for? God, I want you. You know what? It wasn't something that I was struggling with, per se. That kept going on, kept going on. And you know what? Every time, let me tell you something. You know, every time that took place like that, the devil wanted to try to discourage me and say, "You know what? There ain't nothing took place with you. It's just like all your other youth camp visitations. There ain't nothing happened to you." But Samuel, what happened during that time? Let me tell you what happened. It was more than the resolution of Samuel Browning. It was God. Amen. And this very time right now, it didn't feel like a certain special time. But let me tell you, it was it was God that would give that fortitude and that strength and say, "I don't want that. I don't want that. I don't want to go back to that." It's the same God working in you. You're not defeated. Oh, brother Sam, I I I've fallen back into this. I've fallen back into this. Let me It's the spirit of discernment that's letting you know who you are. And he's giving you discernment on how to lay the things of the world down. As a matter of fact, he's given you authority right here this morning. Lay aside. Lay it aside. Lay it aside. Let him let him. You love him? Amen. Let's act upon this word, friends. Amen. Let's let's take this word. Amen. You want prayer here this morning? The altar is open. You want prayer. You want to you want to come and stand here and say, I want to dedicate my life. I want to rededicate my life. I don't care if this whole place is filled out. Oh, brother Sam, you ain't it ain't a place at the altar we need. We need our heart to be an altar. Amen. And it's more than us. I realize it's more than us just coming to a physical location. But sometimes the longest walk you'll ever have to take is the walk out of your seat to the altar. Sure. But make sure it's an altar in your heart. God, I'm tired of playing. I'm I'm tired of just walking in the that gray areas. Maybe the black and white you're struggling with. Say, Lord, I I just I give it to you, Lord. Amen. Now, realize you don't have to come out of your seat. But I want you I want us to take full opportunity of this. I think the King of glory is here right now. The waters are troubled. Hallelujah. I want to take opportunity of this. Not at all what I had planned to minister this morning. Not at all. But this is why I couldn't get peace even yesterday and throughout the time. But he knows. And let me tell you, he cares. He cares for you. He loves you. You say, "H, how do I know?" Because he said so. He came down from glory for you. And he sent his spirit. That's him. That ain't somebody else. That's right. It ain't like me sending, you know, the little little Aaron here and sending him back to the to brother Gomez say, "Go tell brother Gomez this." No, no. If I got something to tell brother Gomez, I'll go myself. That's how God did. Amen. God didn't send somebody else. He came himself to where you're at. Amen. He didn't send somebody down in the garden, somebody else. He came himself. Adam. Adam, where are you? And what happened? his presence. I said, "Bob, fellowship is broke. We're naked. We're naked." And he said, "Who told you you were naked?" Oh, God already knew it. He was just wanting Adam to come forth. And when Adam came forth, he was standing there clothed in fig [Music] leaves. He could have had big old leaves, but he had fig leaves. You know why? Your clothing says something. How many know what I'm talking about? Oh, yeah. When Judah went up with the sheep, Tamar knew that Judah was coming and she put on garments, right? Took off the garments of widowhood and put on garments that would make him think she was a harlot. Clothing speaks. What you're wearing speaks Listen, the Holy Ghost, the blood speaks better things. Amen. Hallelujah. Why fig leaves? Because figs is the only thing you can have multiple seeds in one. They were clothed with [Music] religion. But God in his mercy, he took an innocent woman, a lamb, and he took animal skins and threw it in behind the bush. Said, "Put these on." Hallelujah. and come out. God wanted fellowship. And he said, "I will make a way back." He was showing them it would have to be animal blood. Man is the height of the animal kingdom. It would have to be an innocent one that was slain. God gave them the types down through the scriptures and in a heer, that of an ox, that of the, you know, of the sheep, all of that innocent, the turtle dove, the innocent. But it was all speaking of the coming of the perfect lamb of God. And when he came, he identified himself as a lamb. And in the heavens, here came the dove to come down with the [Music] lamb. Think about it. Lord, I want to be clothed in your righteousness. Hallelujah. I don't want to be clothed in my own works. Amen. I don't want to be clothed with I I want that discernment of the spirit. Maybe in your life you just say, you know, my I I need that that filing down like they do on the contacts of electrodes. Sometimes electrodes even on my even on my microphone sometimes I have to take an alcohol wipe and just take away the corrosion off the contacts and put it back together. Sometimes the Holy Spirit comes by to just take away the corrosion that's been built up, cares of life, disappointments, and he takes away that corrosion. You know why? To restore the vitality of his life in flowing through [Music] you. How many say Lord have your way? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. No wonder our heads are [Music] bowed. You want to be remembered before the Lord in prayer and Lord remember me. If you want to come to the altar, you're always more than welcome to come. Friends, the altar is never closed. And I'm not trying to pull you nowhere. I I want you to understand that. But I want you to take the opportunity that you have in God's presence. If you need prayer, I'd be glad to pray with you. That's no sign of weakness. That's humility. Heavenly Father, [Music] Dear God, you have so merciful to us, Lord. in an hour, in an age, in a time that we live. Lord God, where it's like an anesthetic, a numbing is setting over, Lord God, it wants to just numb, numb the people, Lord God, where sensitivity is lost. Yet this age, what's incredible is it's an age where everybody is hyper sensitive. but all about the wrong things. It's all about self. But that Lord God, that's a distraction. Father, this great spirit of truth, great Elohim, our mazdc. Oh God, we can do nothing without you, Lord. Only you Lord can break back Lord God. Break away these spirits Lord of conformity, laxness, Lord. Lord Jesus, I pray, oh God. [Music] Lord Jesus, as your prophet said in over and over, I'm we're not against people, but Lord, the organizations. Why? Why? Because it comes between you and your people. It offers them another way. And there is no other way. It offers us them offers them a way where they can be religious and satisfy that part about them. Cain was religious. He came to worship. But Lord Jesus, you offered him the opportunity and he turned it down. But Abel, he received a revelation from you. And Abel walked with that revelation, that revelation of the atonement. And it became through that revelation, he obtained a witness that he was righteous. Lord God, the spirit of God, your spirit, the spirit of truth, it'll not come outside of the word. It'll come right inside the word. This is why as you said the father will send the comforter in my name. Lord I pray right here this morning. Dear God where the enemy Lord has wanted to bind and then want to slip up Lord God with fear upon hearts and lives and beginning to look at Lord as though their selfability to do things. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ Satan you're a liar. Amen. You that would want to bring confusion and distort the real focus and the vision and try to hinder and deaden and try to silence the call of the voice of Almighty God. I rebuke you and I say to this darkness give way in the name of Jesus Christ. Let there be light for the glory of God. Let the light shine. this sun that has risen, let it illuminate, Lord that life. Granted, Lord, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray God for hearts and lives that Lord, where hands are lifted up with hearts that Lord, like a cup that's open before you, Lord, as a vessel, I empty out, Lord, I pour out my self-will and I open to you, Lord. Fill my cup, Lord. Fill my life with you, Lord. Fill me, Lord. Amen. I'm tired of being me. I want to be one with you, Lord. I surrender. I surrender, Lord. I accept what you've done for me, Lord. I lay down all my fruits, all my works, Lord. Lord God, they didn't do that to be wrong. Cain didn't do what he did to be wrong. They haven't done things to be wrong, but God in a moment is where you break back the clouds and the veil to let them see. It's not about what they could do, but accepting what you've done for them, Lord. Oh father, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord God, may you fill every heart, Lord. Fill every life, Lord. I pray, Lord, lives that are gathered here this morning, Lord, refill us with your presence, Lord. Hallelujah. Your desire is not that we would be lukewarm, but either hot or cold. We want to be hot, Lord. We want to be on fire for you. Amen. Lord God, where that fire of the living God is living on the inside of us. Oh, it's not that we would act like somebody else. That's not it. It's where there's a fire on the inside where sin has been consumed. The desire of sin has passed from our life and it's a living reality of the living God on the inside. It's a fire that windy days cannot blow out like the candlesticks. It's a light that's not like the stars or the sun. If it's a nice day like today, my it's wonderful. If it's cloudy, terrible day. But Lord God, that shikina light which was the first light to ever strike the earth, the shikina light, that's that portion of that pillar of fire, that portion of the Godhead that belongs to us as sons and daughters of God. Grant it, Lord. I pray right here this morning. Lord, as hearts are surrendered and submitted to you, Lord, from young to old, Lord God, Father, our heart's desire, we want to leave out of this building this morning. Amen. Closer to you, Lord, Jesus. Hallelujah. More with a greater a discernment. That spirit of discernment has been so rekindled in our lives, Lord, to it's not looking at other people, but we're able to apply the greatest discernment, and that's to our own self. Help us, Lord, I pray. Grant it, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the glory of Almighty God. And Lord, as your presence is here, we will forget not your benefits, Lord. May you heal those that are sick in their body, Lord. May you move upon lives this morning Lord in a special way. I pray in Jesus precious name. Amen. Hallelujah. Could we just worship him here? Hallelujah. Oh my. Don't let it pass you by. was the best [Music] thing. Oh, falling in love. Falling in love. Oh, with Jes. Hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. Oh my. My our Lord Jesus. Oh, he's here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In his arms. I feel protected. In his arms. Never connected. It is our protected. There's no place I'd [Music] Falling in love Jesus. Fall in love with Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus was the best thing I [Music] made. In his arms I feel protected. It is all never [Music] is it is for our [Music] protective sound. [Applause] [Music] Falling, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I [Music] ever fall in love. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus was blessing my name. All that I spend higher my release my glory takes the joy. The more that I can humble myself. Lord every day I love you. [Music] The more that I surrender my glory takes control more than I can humble myself. Glory lifts me up. Every day I feel the [Music] Lord gets and it gets easier to understand the storing down or wondering. I'm standing on solid [Music] ground to my future. And the voice I hear is yours. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Lord, I surrender. I surrender. Oh my. Why don't you lay that aside? Lay aside every weight. Every besetting sin, lay it down. Hallelujah. Doubt your doubts. Cast off the unbeliever. Oh, the more he lives every day. Oh Lord, I love you [Music] more of [Applause] yesterday. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now. Oh yes. Thank you, Lord. to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours. Every day I Lord, I love you more. Oh, the more that I more and more and more. Oh, the more the more he takes control and the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you [Music] more. Yes. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up every day. Oh Lord, I love you more. [Music] Are you washed by the water? Oh, washed by the water of the word. Oh, are you washed? Washed by the water. Oh, washed by the water of the word. Oh, are you washed by the water? Oh, by the water of the word. Oh, you are by the water. Oh, wash by the waters of the world. Do you know how it feels not to have one guilty feeling? Not to [Music] wonder. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh, this is what he does. Tomorrow and know the reason why. [Music] just to go down in the water for my hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. It's no impossible. How many with me on that? Hallelujah. When you're washed by the water of the word. Oh, are you walk by the water? Oh, by the water. Oh, you wash me by the water. Oh, thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. The water of the world. It's like me. It's like me. We all life today. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, glory for glory to the Lord. You just started your existence. [Music] There never was no sin. Oh God looks your way. He no longer sees a sinner. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh that's what he does. He's not by anything but by the blood. Yes sir. by the water of the world. Oh, you are by the water. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory. Oh, you are. Oh, by the water. Oh, I'm washed by the water of the word. Yes, I'm wash by the water by the water of the word. Oh, you wash yourself. I am washed by the water of the word. I tell you, we've got witnesses throughout this building. Hallelujah. Of what the washing of the water will do. His word became blood for you and I. That blood was shed in order to wash you and I in. And it is a blood that brings a perfect loosening from sin. It takes the fear and the torment and desires out of your life. We've got a right to be happy because of what he has done for us. That's where the joy comes in. The joy of the Lord is not out there. It's in here. That's my strength. I know what he did for me. I know where he took me from. I know he changed my life. I didn't quit anything. He came in. He's the one that quit it. Don't look at yourself. Look to him. [Applause] Hallelujah. Are you washed by the water of the word? What do I have to do? Just stand in it. Stand in it. Stand in it. Let it wash you. Hallelujah. There's no cleansing and a septic bath like the bleach of God's blood. Let me tell you what, when sin is confessed, what it does, it hits that blood and that blood begins to go in there like bleach does and it takes and begins to separate the proteins and everything like bleach does, but it separates the sin. And what it is doing is it's pulling it away from where it once ruled over your life. You thought that was you. It was not you. It was the spirit of that old nature you were under. And the blood of Jesus Christ has brought the discernment in your life that I am a son and daughter of God. And you have repented of your sins. And the blood was right there to cleanse you. You know what it does? It lifts things out of your life. How many witnesses right here? There's in signs all through this building of what the blood of Jesus Christ will do. It lifts not only the sin, but it lifts the guilt. It lifts the desire. And you know what it does? It sends it back on the one where it started in the beginning. The devil's got a lot to answer for. But while he while all that's being piled on him, I don't mind enjoying the blessings of the Lord. Hallelujah. I don't mind enjoying that. And I tell you, don't let anything stand in your way. Amen. From full liberty, because what God has spoke here this morning, it belongs to you. Yes. Amen. Oh, sure. I I love getting in his presence. Yeah. I get excited. But I just want to tell you, excitement is not what you stand on. Stand on his word. And don't worry. That's why when you stand on his word, there might be times when you feel down. It don't change who you are. Then there'll be times when you're soaring up here. That didn't change who you were. You were there the whole time. And you know what God shows you during those times? Don't despise the valleys. You know what God proves to in the valleys? He proves to you who you are. He lets you know that there's something greater holding you. [Music] You might be standing here this morning say, "But Samuel, I've just really made a commitment. I've just surrendered to God. But you couldn't get away from God even before you made that surrender. You know why? You belong to him. This word will not let you get away. It's the word that's laying claim on your life. It's not the spirit of Satan. It's not Lady Osia. He don't have a claim on my life. My life is claimed by Christ. I am my beloved and he is mine. His banner over me is love. And he had brought me to his banqueting table. Amen. Where the oil and the new wine is. Oh my. It's a feast. And you know where it's at? He's prepared this feast in the presence of my enemies. Right. Every day. This guy don't feel like going, but this guy on the inside says, "Get your tie on, buddy." This guy says, "I resign." The guy on the inside says, "Get your mic on and get out there." Hallelujah. Greater is he that is in me. You say, "Why did God let this happen?" He's proven to you there's something greater on the inside. Glory to God. And the spirit of discernment reveals that to you. It's not you holding on to God. It's God holding you. Hallelujah. Oh, the devil don't like no around here. You know [Music] it. Come on, [Music] Paul. Don't like no praising God around here. Oh well. The devil don't like no shouting around here. Hallelujah. Oh, the devil don't like no shouting around here. Oh, but I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to shout with all my life. I don't care what the devil don't like around here. Hallelujah. Oh, the devil don't like no singing around here. Oh, that devil don't like no singing around here. Oh, I don't care what the devil doesn't like. I'm going to sing with all my mind. I don't care what the devil don't like around you. Oh, the devil don't like me praising God. Oh, yes. Oh, we've got a right to praise. Oh, the devil doesn't like me praising God around here. Hallelujah. Oh, but I don't care what the devil doesn't like. I'm going to praise my God tonight. Oh, I don't care what the devil like around here. Well, listen to this now. Oh, the devil doesn't want us free around here. Oh my. Oh, the devil don't want you free around here. I got news for you tonight. We don't care what you don't like. We've been set free by the power of God tonight. We don't care what the devil. Oh yes. Oh, the devil doesn't like me worshiping God around here. Oh, that devil don't want just worshiping God around here. Oh, but we don't care what the devil doesn't like. We're going to worship our God tonight. We don't care what the devil like around here. Oh yes. Well, the devil doesn't like me praising God around here. Oh, that devil doesn't like me praising God around here. Well, well, we don't care what the devil does tonight. We're going to worship with all of our might. We don't care what the devil don't. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, the devil doesn't like no liberty around here. Oh, that devil doesn't like no liberty around here. Oh, that's right. He don't like liberty. But I don't care what the devil's about. I'm going to walk in liberty here. Oh yes. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, the devil doesn't like me having joy around here. I got him. I got him. Oh, that devil doesn't want me Holy Ghost around here. Oh, no, he don't. No, he don't. I don't care what the devil doesn't. I'm going to have the Holy Ghost. Oh yeah. Oh, the devil doesn't want to be having joy around here. Oh, the devil don't want us having joy around here. Oh, but I don't care what Satan does about. I'm going to be happy. Oh, yes, I will. The devil don't allow me having joy around here. Oh yes. Oh, the devil doesn't want me being happy around here. Oh, that devil don't want me happy around here. Oh, but I don't care what the devil does tonight. I'm going to be happy with all my life. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, sing once again. The devil doesn't like us praising God around here. Oh, around here. Oh, that devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, but I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to worship and praise God tonight. Devil don't like me praising God around here. Oh, [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. It is well with my soul. God bless you. Remember this coming Thursday, no service because of the meetings we have coming up Saturday 6:30, Sunday morning and then Sunday Sunday night, Sunday evening. Brother Jeremy Shriner be the first time he's been here. Wonderful brother, wonderful ministry. Let's be in prayer. Amen. And uh I know there's a lot of other there's other meetings and things that's going on and I thank God for all of them. And I know we can't get to everything, but let's be in prayer. I believe God has something special for us. Hallelujah. Don't you love him? Amen. Amen. When [Music] peace when peace when peace like a a river attendeth my way. [Music] In sorrows like sea below road, this is what it's all about. Whatever my Lord, thou hast taught me to say. It is. It is well with. It is well with my soul. [Music] Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] with my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] should. Oh, that's right. Don't try. Oh, yeah. Oh my. Hallelujah. What a testimony. What a request. Yes, Father. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Christ regarding my name. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Woo. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] My sin. Oh, the bliss of this. Oh, [Music] my s not [Music] impart the whole. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. He was to the cross. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, [Music] Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, my soul. Oh my [Music] well with my soul. with my soul. It is well. is well with my soul. Sing that. Lord haste the day. Oh Jesus. And Lord haste the day when my [Applause] faith will be sil. Lord. Yes Lord. Grand Father as the [Music] [Music] whole [Music] shal Yes sir. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] My soul is well my [Music] soul tears for me Oh yes for thy come on. Oh my. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh the [Music] sky [Music] is the rapture. The rapture. The rapture. Oh [Music] Bless my soul. Oh hallelujah. It is [Music] well with my soul. It is well. is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for your mercy. Thank you, Father, for your mercies, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, God. Lord Jesus, go with us, Lord. Yes. go before us. Lord God, be our protection behind us and be the influence within us. Lord, watch over us, I pray, Lord, as we go our separate ways. Be with us, Lord, in this coming week. Hallelujah. Oh God, as our hearts have been made to burn, Lord God, as you would open the word to our hearts, thank you Lord for the spirit of discernment, spirit of truth. Thank you, the word of God. Thank you, Father. Bless your name, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. looking into your love. When I gaze into your love, can all things that surround become shadows in the light [Music] of the joy of reaching your heart. When my will comes and go in your all things that surround shadows in [Music] the I worship Heat. Heat. [Music] reason I is is to worship. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up here. [Music] is to worship you. I worship [Music] you. I worship you. The reason What I is to worship you. Oh, I worship you. [Applause] [Music] The reason I live is to work. [Music] We
