################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - True Communion - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    True Communion - Samuel Browning
Speaker:  Samuel Browning
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Communion Service
Duration: 2h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBR0zUTDbE8
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
41:40 - Ministry
1:59:39  - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Sing that chorus. Oh, I shall forever lift my eyes to [Music] Calary. Oh, to the cross where my Jesus died for me. Where he died for me. I'm all the grace that my falling soul. Yes, he loved beyond all my faults and he saw my need. Oh, let's just sing that verse this morning. Oh amazing grace, it shall all be my song of praise. Oh yes, for it was grace that bought my liberty. Oh yes. And I do not know just why he came to me. So Oh, I'm so glad that he moved [Music] me. Heat up [Music] here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] for you and that grace that God [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] Aren't you glad he looked beyond your fault and he saw your need? Praise God. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Aren't you so glad about that this morning? Amen. Amen. I remember someone else I remember someone sang that song one time. They said, "He looked beyond my fault and saw my seed." I just think that I I was like, "Well, I like that even better, too, you know." Amen. I'm so glad that he looked beyond our faults. Amen. We were who were guilty and lost. Amen. But yet, still he came down and saved us. Amen. Set us free. Aren't you glad about that? Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God to this morning, isn't it? Brothers and sisters alike, Precious Faith. Amen. We got so much to thank the Lord for, don't we? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We just have a few prayer requests this morning. You have to forgive me. I didn't have time to read these. So, forgive me. I I Amen. I'll just try to read as best I can. But how many knows that God's able to meet these needs? Amen. I believe that with all my heart. I believe God's our God's a healer. Our God's a savior. He's a deliverer. Amen. We just believe that with all our hearts this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is from Brother Bill. Says to please pray for Mina and Jerry and the rest of the family uh because of the storm because of storms happening in Tennessee. Amen. Just pray that God would just be with them. Amen. God just protect them, keep them safe. Excuse me. This is a prayers for a Sunday school class and that the Lord will lead us and teach us to encourage about the goodness of God. Amen. So remember the Sunday school class. Certainly appreciate what they do up there in the Sunday school. Amen. God richly bless them. This is from Sister Naomi. Says, "Prayers for my children and grandchildren and also lost souls. The Lord knows." Amen. God certainly knows all about it. Amen. Praise God. This is from Sister Stephanie. Says to please uh continue to pray for my friend Heather. Pray for my family and for uh Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord. God bless sister Stephanie. Amen. God just meet that need. Amen. I I sort of forgot this. Today was a it's a happy birthday to brother William Mary and Brandon, God's prophet. Amen. And I forget how how old would he be today? 116. 116. Wow. He would have been 116 today. That's that's something. Of course, we know he's he's in a younger body now. He's he's about like my age. So, that's that's pretty that's pretty cool, isn't it? It's pretty awesome. Praise the Lord. We're so thankful for the prophet of the God on this last stage. Amen. Thank for his sacrifice. Amen. My thankful for this message. Amen. This is a testimony. Um, this is thanking the Lord for keeping uh, Brother Jerry and their families safe through the tornado on Saturday. God cares. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, thank for that. And there was a few trees down in the yard and hit their porch, but by God's grace, they're doing okay. So, we thank the Lord for that this morning. Amen. Praise God. Amen. So, thank for God's goodness to us and he's just and Amen. And he's just going to continue to be good to us. Amen. We so love the Lord. Amen. How many has a need you like to know? Lifted hand. We're all standing needy of him. Amen. I'd like to ask brother Hon. Amen. Brother Hannah Jr. come lead us in prayer. Appreciate you, buddy. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we just come before you. Just so grateful for another opportunity for freedom to worship and praise in your house. Father, all we've given, Father, is our our unclean seed, Father. But as your prophet said, the original seed, the original lamb came down and and purged our purged our souls and made him clean. Father, we just pray for each one of these requests. God, there's so many unspoken, but you know, God, we pray for brother Samuel in the back as he's preparing to minister your word. Father, that you just allow him to get himself out of the way, Father, and anoint his lips, Father. We pray the congregation, Father, that you just anoint our hearts, Father. Allow our eyes to see and our ears to hear, Father. And we thank you for the testimony of Brother Ron Spencer, Father, as his brain scan came back clean after 5 years, Father. We pray, Father. Father, this service is in your hands. We bless the tithes and offerings in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. God bless you, brother. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. We have your seats boss comes take the ti and offer them in and yes I was I remember I was going to I was going to try to mention it on Thursday just thankful that brother Ron Spencer he had a he had a brain scan that happened on Monday or Tuesday I believe it was Monday and cuz he had cancer in his brain for 5 years and he had a clean brain scan amen thank you for that we thank God for that let's continue to pray for our brother. Amen. Let's sing that song this morning. Amen. How many sing for the blood of Jesus? Amen. Let's sing a song at Calvary. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for Calvary this morning? Amen. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. All years I spent in vanity and I would caring not. My Lord was crucified by knowing not it was for me. He [Applause] died. We thank you Lord for mercy. There was great and grace was. Thank you Lord for there was life to me. Oh there my soul. Oh, by God's word I rest my sin. I learn and I tr I swear till my guilty soul in glor to calary. Hallelujah. Oh mercy there was great and grace. Oh my [Music] [Music] go give it. Oh, now I'll give it to Jesus. Everything now. Now I b on him as my king. Now my rape sad was mercy. There was great. Oh, aren't you glad about that? There was [Music] multiple liberty I got. All the love. Oh, and all the love that drew salvation to land. And all the grace that brought it down to men and all the mighty God that God made at Calvary. I'm so thankful that his mercy [Music] [Music] great my birth libert burning. Let's see that verse just one more time. I know the love of that true salvation land. I'm glad it was grace brought it down to me and the mighty God that my God was at. I'm just so thankful that I was [Music] amen there was great and oh was born in there was to fly and there my [Music] soul sing one more time. There was mercy. There was grace. Thank you, Jesus. And there was my bird [Music] so I So glad for Calvary this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, we thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I may sing for Calvary. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's sing. Amen. Amen. He set me free. He set me free. Let's Let's sing that this morning, man. Aren't you glad he set you free? Amen. Praise God. Well, once I go burden present I d no freom from my sorrow I felt oh Jesus came and listen to me and glory to God he set me free will he set me free yes he set me free oh be broken by my prison for me and my glory found by Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. Well, now I am finding higher each day. All the darkness I drifted away. Oh my feet are planted. All my glory and glory to God all the world. He set me free. He set you free. Well, he broke the body. Oh my go Jesus. And glory be to God. Oh yeah. Well, goodbye to sin and all the things that come around. Oh, not on this world shall turn me around. Oh, will day I'm working and I'm praying too and glory to God. Treasure gold through the world. He set me free. Aren't you watching the [Music] world? Glory to God. He set me free. Well, now I might be higher each day. All the darkness of night has drifted away. Oh my go set me free. Yes, you set me free. Oh well [Music] the glory. Thank you Lord. [Music] Yes. Churchy say you will goodbye. Oh good [Music] s not this world is going to turn me around with baby I'm worthy I pray glory glory to God. Oh yeah he set me free. Yes. He set me free Jesus. Oh, thank you Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. Well yes. He set me free. Oh well. Jesus set me free. Oh yeah. [Music] Oh my Jesus to see glory. Oh again. Oh he set me. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. Aren't you glad you're free this morning? Glory will glory to God. No music, no music, just the voices that he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh well, he has broke the bonds of my prison for me. Oh well, I'm glory. Oh, glory be to God. Yes, he without the music just wants to get the chorus. Oh, will he set me free? Arch it back. Oh, he has broke the bonds. Oh, I am glory bound. My Jesus is see. Oh, and glory be to God's church. He set me free. Oh, praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you're free this morning? Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for setting us free, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. Amen. Aren't you glad you're free this morning? Amen. Amen. No longer Amen. No longer bound, but set free. Amen. By the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Sister Roseanne has a special for us this morning. Amen. Certainly appreciate her this morning. Let's just sing that once again. Well, he set me free. Oh yeah. I'm so glad he broke the bonds. Well, I'm glory now. Well, glory to God. Set me free. Well, now I'm glory bound, my Jesus to see. And glory to God set me free. [Music] God bless you everyone. [Music] [Music] Amen. Those of you who know me know that I haven't quite made myself lately. But I think you also know that I absolutely love the Lord. I love this message with all my heart. And whatever I have to go through in order for God to make himself more real to me, then so be it. It's not always easy. But I thank the Lord for people, brothers and sisters I think that have noticed, took notice of me and prayed for me. And I just want to say I'm so grateful and thank you for praying. If I've crossed your mind or if you just thought of me, thank you so much. This is just love letter back to the Lord. Remember the time when brother Brandham didn't know how to pray and he he wrote a letter. Sometimes you just don't know what to say, but Lord, I love you so much and thank you so much. Just worship with me. [Music] Lovely are your dwelling places. Thirsty, I come after you. [Music] Jesus, my joy, my reward. Your love's restoring my [Music] soul. Now I'm yours and you are mine. And from my heart this song will rise. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. And my heart will follow holy to [Music] you Jesus. There is none beside you. [Music] Might ruler of the earth. Nations will come and bow. [Music] over all names. I sing your praisees and all that I can say to you is I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. [Music] I [Music] will [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I love you. [Music] I do my [Applause] [Music] heart to [Music] you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Lord, I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I [Music] love to [Music] you and my heart will fall. [Music] Holy to [Music] you and my heart will follow you. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Beautiful song. Amen. Amen. We appreciate that, sister. It's wonderful. It's beautiful. Amen. How many loves the Lord this morning? We thank him for the grace of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. My We just don't have words to say how great he is. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. missing. Amen. Also, just want to mention real quick, it's good to have uh Sister Heidi, Sister Lily's mother with us this morning. God bless you, sister. So, all the visitors this morning want to say, "God bless you." Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song. Thank you, Jesus, for the blood applied. And let's sing this before brother Samuel comes. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Sing the first verse. Oh, I was a wretch. I remember who I was. Oh, I was lost and I was blind. Oh, I was running out of time for sin. separated. The preach was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way, yes, across the great divide. You left behind head and stone just to build it here inside. Oh, and there at the cross. Yes, you paid the debt I aren't glad. He broke my chains. He freed my soul. And for the first time, I had hope. So I want to thank you Jesus for the blood of life. I want to thank you Jesus. It has wash me why. I want to thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You have brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Oh, I like this verse right here. Oh, you took my place. You laid inside my tomb of sin. Oh my. You were buried for three days. And then you walked right out again. And now death pass will sing. Oh yes. And life pass away. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. I want to thank you Jesus for the blood of life. I want to thank you Jesus. Wash me while I thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious. Oh, let's just sing that verse once again. You took my place. Oh, he took my place. He lay inside my tomb of sin. Lord, you were buried for three days. And there you walked right out again. And now death has no sing. Aren't you glad that life has no end? For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. I want to thank you, Jesus, for the blood of God. I just want to Hallelujah. Oh, I want to thank you, Jesus. You have saved me. He saved your life. He brought me from the darkness into glorious love. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of love. Love. that calls the sons and daughters. We are ransom by our follow through [Music] the stronger than the wonder working power is love that all the sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our father through [Music] love. So I want to thank you Jesus for the blood of how I thank for the blood. Thank you Jesus. past wash me. I want to thank you, Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into the glorious light. So I want to thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into [Music] gloryless. Oh, gloryy to his [Music] name. All gloryy to his name to my heart. There to my heart was the love of God. Oh, gloryy to his name. Sing glory to his name. Once again we sing gloryy, glory to his wonderful name. Oh glory. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus. Glory to your name, Lord. There to my heart was the blood of God. Glory to his name. And oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious sun. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord for your blood. Lord Jesus, thank you for your blood Lord. We thank you Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. Worthy is the lamb. Amen. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, [Music] Lord. Oh, yes, Lord. Let's sing the first verse. Thank you, Lord. Oh, thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame in love. You came and you gave amazing grace. Thank you. Thank you for this love, Lord. Oh, thank you for the [Music] name. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and your own praise. Sing it worthy is the lamb. Seated on seated on the throne. Oh, we crown you now with many crowns and you reign [Music] victorious. High and lifted up high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, treasure of heaven. Oh, the treasure of heaven. Oh, crucified. Worthy is, oh, sing and worthy is the name. Worthy is the lamb. Thank you for Oh, thank you for the cross, Lord. Aren't you the cross? Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the price that you already paid. Oh, bury all my sin and change. and love you can. And Lord, you gave amazing grace. Thank God. Amen. Thank you for this hour, Lord. Glory. We thank you for the name. Oh, hallelujah. for those filter sins. So washing in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your [Music] forest. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Victorius God treasure of heaven. Heaven brings worthy is the lamb. Worthy is Lord. Oh worthy is the [Music] lamb. Oh worthy is the lamb. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Praise the Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Amen. Maybe we could just stand and Amen. just one more time give him thanks and enter into prayer. Thankful for what he has done for us, what he's doing for us, how he's provided for us. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Heavenly Father, truly Lord, from our hearts, Lord, coming through the very corridors of our mouth is worthy as the lamb. Our lives, Lord, are trophies of your grace, Lord. Lord Jesus, worthy is the lamb. Oh God, our hearts, our lives, Lord, are it's an insign in this hour. the living God living behind flesh. Oh God, testifying of the victory, testifying, Lord, that in every situation, in every life, that you're the mighty conqueror. No matter where our lives were at, no matter what situation behind Lord, you coming and moving in behind our lives. Yeah. You prove you're the mighty conqueror. And Lord Jesus, no matter Lord, if we never had any seemingly mark against us, maybe we our lives would have seemed Lord as though maybe perhaps Lord a finger couldn't be placed on it. But Lord, we were still guilty. Lord Jesus, under that first birth, hallelujah. But oh God, You came, Lord, that Father, you might raise your own life inside of us, Lord. That that life, oh God, that that first nature, our first birth, we came here, Lord, into this world as Job would write of it. David would express of it. We came here, Lord, with that worldly nature, Lord. But oh God, how that you move down and you begin to brood upon our hearts, Lord, to bring forth what you knew lay beneath this darkness, Lord. Oh God, you wrote even in Genesis 1, the story of our lives, Lord. Oh God, we're thankful, Lord. The only thing that we can say from our hearts is thank you for the grace of God. Yes. For grace hath taught my heart to fear. Grace hath brought me safe this far. Grace of God has changed my life. And the grace of God will lead me safely home. Thank you, Lord, for your grace, Lord. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Oh Jesus, we love you, Lord. We love you, Lord. We love you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I pray heavenly father. Bless your name, Lord. May you just, Lord, in this moment that we have to come together to take communion, footwashing. Lord, I pray that God, you'll just so bless each and every one of us as your children. May Lord as the word is going forth this morning I'm asking that you would just guide and direct me Lord Lord help me to get out of the way let it just be Lord we want to hear from you that's what we we need to hear from you so Lord I just want to give myself and this congregation together may we be delivered together into your hands Lord have your way Lord we pray in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. If we could let's turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 10 and um I want to mention those of you that had ordered uh books. um the church age books and the seals. What we have down on those of you that had marked what you wanted ordered uh back there in the um the office next to mine there my wife and they can they can help you uh get the books. They'll be there to hand them out and then there are extras that we have but I I want to just try to get on get those on the list right now. get that passed out and then anyone that would want one then, you know, just uh email, text or make a comment, they can write it down and then we can get it from there. So, we did I did try to get some extras. And so, also um the the little yellow booklets, the resume of the church ages um that was supposed to be sent and there's just there's extra things that I bought that was beyond um because uh just seeing the need for witnessing uh here and that resume or that little yellow book is a very good book uh to if you're witnessing to someone um to give that to them. It really gives a good overview of everything through the ages. As well as we have um the baptism, water baptism, u the pamphlets, I have them in English and we have them in Spanish. So they're right out there on that other table because we you only got so many tables to sit things. So um so you know, just don't don't take it and tuck it away. But you know, look, you you when you put one maybe in your Bible and then if you come across someone and you say, "Hey, I have to give this away." Hey, we we we will keep getting more. We're we're we're looking for that last one. Amen. And so we just so so good to be together, isn't it? The Lord's so good to us. Amen. 1 Corinthians chapter 10 and verse 15, we'll read just a few verses of scripture. Paul said, "I I speak as to wise men, and judge ye what I say. The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ? For we being many are one bread and one body. For we are all partakers of that one bread. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word. As you're being seated, I'd like to speak this morning a little on a thought on true communion. You know, when brother Brandham was even there in 1965 and he one of the last times he speaks the communion message, he um was there at the little building or the building where brother Perry Green and them had at the time which was the Jewish synagogue um or what had been a previously a Jewish synagogue and brother Brown never got a chance to preach in uh the Tucson Tabernacle. But he's going through that in the communion and there were things that he was addressing even then and some of these statements these are things that we no doubt have come across and u have heard and and that is that when the one the brother that was there was mentioning to brother Brandham he said well when we um the communion should just be just taking the word you know just coming and hearing the word and yet that is there's there's There's a truth as far as that we are communing by taking the word. But yet we know that with this that when communion such as what we'll do here in just a little bit as well as with footwashing and the other symbol that God gave the church is water baptism. Each one of these speak of an inward work of grace that has already taken place in a person's life. So a person just doesn't get you know baptized because they you know just just to go through an act but it's a declaration when God has dealt with a person's heart and there has come conviction in their life and they have repented of their sins to repent means to confess our wrong and turn from the way we're going and we're turning to the things of the Lord because with that that speaks of an inward work of what God is doing inwardly in a person's life. It's the same thing when it would come to of communion. Communion itself that we will take here in a little bit is a symbol of what is actually that we daily and we live by the word of God. It is a declaration that we're living by the word of God that my life uh and and the word is one. It's Christ's own life living in me. So it is a symbol and a declaration that the Lord Jesus left and he said this do in remembrance of me and when you do this you do show forth the Lord's death till he come. You we in showing that is declaring that we are one with him and it's a daily walk with him and same thing when it comes to with footwashing. Footwashing is an act of humility. And there's nowhere that we and we can ever get with God outside of humility. And I think every one of us would have the desire to say, "Lord, I want to be closer to you." And there's only one way to get closer to God, and that's humility. And the humility is that which is according to the word of God. God will always come where there is a a humble heart that is inviting to him. And so I when I deal with this thought here this morning on true communion, it may take me just let me lay in a few little bit here to get to this place. But brother Ram says when we when we have taken the Lord our sacrifice into us as a matter of spiritual birth into us and his body, we live by him by the word. We should also symbolize it because it's a commandment. So, we understand that we're not coming here today to take communion. Well, I I you know, I'm going to take it because I I hope I'm going to be there. But communions, that's not our approach. You know, when when Paul he says if we if we don't take it, uh we we don't we don't have any part with him. But yet he also says very clearly is that if our life is not tallying up with the word of God then don't take it. But you know what this is the thing of it is it's just it comes to a place of a showdown. But I I believe with all my heart that every every moment of our life should be at a place of a showdown. I think I think it's very clearly as you can see the unsteadiness and and I'm not one you know to go and try to uh figure out prophecy. God will just make it known. But we can see the instability of times that we're living in of the world and where man, you know, is very sure of himself, but yet there's only one thing that's sure and that's the word of God. Everything else is sinking sands and and there's a lot of things that can be disappointing. There's a lot of things that you can read and see and hear in the news and everything else. But I'll tell you, like the Lord Jesus said, when you begin to see all these things coming around, lift up your head for your redemption's drawing nigh. I believe it's an hour to be very very serious, very consecrated to live closer to God than we've ever lived before to ensure in our lives that our lives walking pleasing because we we we we don't know at that moment or that time of the rapture we don't know that we don't know that we even within our own lives the the longevity of our time but we want to know one thing is that Lord when it comes to my time whether it is the time of the rapture or it is that moment maybe my life is taken from here I want to I want it I want it to be a rest within me that everything that my life has been lived for the glory of God. Amen. Now remember when we're looking at this. So it's it's here this symbolizing when we take here of the communion it's the taking in of of it's symbolizing we've taken the Lord our sacrifice into us as a matter of spiritual birth into us and his body and we live by him by the word. Now Paul would speak of this because when you look at the word communion, the word communion means fellowship. And so fellowship itself can happen uh on many different levels and many different degrees. But Paul would write of this fellowship that he's speaking of here is God is faithful by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his son Jesus Christ our Lord. That's so good. So in the midst of our lives and Paul's writing to the Corinthians, he's writing to every believer that would be down through the ages. It is by almighty God who is faithful. Faithful to what? He's faithful to his word. And so it's being faithful to his word. You and I have been called unto not a church, but we've been called unto the fellowship of his son Jesus Christ our Lord, where all things are reconciled under the blood. We are called into a complete fellowship with him. And so Paul would write of this in Ephesians 3:8 and say, "Unto me who am less than the least of all saints is this grace given that I should preach among the Gentiles the uncarchable riches of Christ and to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery." Now Paul uses this word fellowship and fellowship, yes, is communion, but it also means a participation in something. It also means you have a part or an allotment in that. And so the fellowship of the mystery that mystery that Paul is speaking of here which he says which from the beginning of the world hath been hidden God who created all things by Jesus Christ to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God. That's good. So that fellowship. So now we've called unto the fellowship uh as he's as he wrote there in Corinthians uh unto the fellowship of his son Jesus Christ our Lord to where we can have a real fellowship entering back into a relationship with God and through and by the blood that was shed and now the life of that blood has called you and I and brought us and it's him now dwelling in our lives and there's a fellowship and Paul said there's a fellow fellowship in the mystery. In other words, you have a part. I have a part. There is a there is a part that God when God begins to make himself known to you that there's something as the spirit of God, it just begins to rise up that this is what I've been searching for. This is what I've been longing for. This it's like a glove that's fitting the hand perfectly. and and and what he's calling us to is that so that his life might be manifested through our lives. It's like when you have that of a marriage, you have a husband and wife. They don't stay in the same place uh as when they were here at the altar or even within their week of the honeymoon. They continue to grow closer and closer. They come into a place where they know one another even more. They learn one another's character in a deeper way. And that's the same way with this fellowship with a mystery. And I'm saying this mystery, the mystery itself is Christ in you. It's fellowshipping with that reality that God knew you before Adam, molecule, anything. He knew you. You were always a part of him. Is that right? Yeah. So this is fellowshipping. It's it's participating. It's receiving. Because let me say this in this earth and this world, we can work and we can take things in and we can pay bills. But there's only one source of strength that gives us the strength to minister healing in our lives, whether physical or even that of emotional and down into our soul. And that has to be the strength from the fellowship of the mystery. Because within this fellowship with the mystery of God, then there is a strength that's being released in our life to where God's thoughts are you in submitting and I submitting to it are overriding our own thoughts. Because remember your thoughts are not eternal. His thoughts are and you are one of his thoughts. Amen. Hallelujah. This is why the prophet said, "If you can see this, you'll see many other things." That's why he could say with the thoughts of God, they are eternal. And he said they have an eternal quality and you can never get away from that. That's so good. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. So this is where John could write and say that which we have seen and heard declare we unto you that ye also may have fellowship with us. And truly our fellowship is with the father and with his son Jesus Christ. That's not it's not writing of two different people but remember God is one. Is that right? God himself, the spirit, he here he condescends in word. And now then through and by word now coming into flesh and redemption that that same life, his own life, his spirit, his word might come and dwell in a many membered body. And so John, notice the bidding call here. You see coming out of John's heart now, the very the the very one who's calling out. Let me just tell you this is the spirit of God of what John has experienced that's calling out for all of the fallen sons and daughters of God have come and have fellowship with us. John's not asking them to come join a church. He's not as calling them to a click. He's not calling them to a club but to a fellowship. And what is that fellowship? It's the fellowship that is with the father and his son Jesus Christ. That's what matters. That kind of fellowship. Oh, it brings peace. It brings strength. It brings grace to overlook all of the shortcomings. It this is what the strength of this fellowship does. So, we recognize that in and when we look at fellowship, there's a better fellowship. And I'm there's a better fellowship. and how that God would would draw a life and a heart and and a life would, you know, respond to the Lord Jesus and repent of their sins. And I tell you, if you haven't started, that's the place to start. The the first thing before you can ever get in on the boxing match or into the match itself, the way on there is John 3:16. Amen. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him believeth on him should not perish but might have eternal life. That'll get you on into the boxing ring. But that's just one step there is that that is through repentance. Recognizing our wrong and repenting and laying our lives down. Right. Amen. being baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. But there's a deepening of the fellowship. So when we write of this, let me just give you the quotation that brother Brandham refers to out of the Holy Ghost message. He says, "We are trying to bring people, our people into a better fellowship with Christ." That's our purpose. That's right. Now bear with me just a moment. Luther Luther the revelation dropped in Luther's heart because after Pentecost remember then after 30 years then here how that nickelan spirit came in that white horse rider and it begin to make its ride and then it moves over into the to the red horse rider and then then then through that time there and moves into the black horse rider there in Thyra and it's coming on down through and he makes his change into that of the pale horse rider. But let me go back first of all that when that death came in, the seed went in the ground. And you know how it is that right now we're experiencing life that has either went into the roots of your plants, right? Because you're starting to see buds come up. And then there's also that of seeds that maybe you'll purchase seeds to put in the ground. Those seeds had to come from another plant that had come to a place of maturity. So when you put that seed in the ground, it's the life in that seed that will reproduce or come fully back to the seed that you put in the ground. And so now Satan could not kill the life. The life went into the roots. But remember God said, "I will restore in Joel chapter 2." So now Luther receives the inspiration by the spirit of God that the just shall live by faith. It started out very wide. That's a wide open place because uh just to just to confess the Lord Jesus Christ as their savior. It started out with that. Were they was there a fellowship? There was. Then God anointed a man by the name of John Wesley who would be the messenger there to that Philadelphiaian age and God would give him the message of sanctification that there's a higher walk than just a justified a justified life because remember a person can believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and still have all of the habits of the world the drinking the smoking and everything else but remember the whole thing about it is when any attributes it It's really has to come down with dealing with unbelief. That's what God's after. God's not after to try to make us to where, well, I don't do this and I don't do that. You've got the wrong picture. The picture that God is trying to come to is fellowship. And that fellowship is in a deeper better way. And that is where he becomes the very seal and the preeminent one in your life. So now it comes from Wesley and a sanctified life and cleaning up, you know, from all of the habits and things like that. It narrows down. And then and then the Pentecost came with the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the gifts of the supernatural there in Isuza Street 1906. Is that right? But remember, God didn't stop there because that's not restoration. That was the third stage of baptism of the Holy Ghost, gifts of the spirit. But now when it comes time for where we're coming back to a place of a full union, then God himself in the changing ministry from the son of God, that which has been dispersed down through the church ages, it switches to the ministry of the son of man. In other words, it's the fullness of God, the fullness of the word of the attribute that is now stepped and become flesh. Are you with me now? This is very very important here. So within that changing it's the fullness of him of the word himself that comes among us to call us to true fellowship as husband and wife. You see this is why God does not consider flirting fellowship just playing around with something but he comes to call us into full fellowship and you know he's got everything provided for us. You know the Bible said, think about this. It's in a deeper fellowship. Justification brought them in a broad fellowship. Sanctification narrowed it down. It was a it was better fellowship. The baptism of the Holy Ghost came. It was a better fellowship. But all of that was coming with the purpose and laying the groundwork for that fellowship that would come between Christ and his bride in a union. That is so that is so good. It's God laying the groundwork like he did in the days of creation. And this is why the scripture would say that in Proverbs 4:18 that the path of the just is as a shining light that shineth more and more until the perfect day. In Hebrews 11:39:40, "And these all," speaking of all them down through the ages, all all that have lived down through the gentile church ages, these all having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise. Luther did not receive the rapture promise. Wesley did not receive the rapture promise. Pentecost did not receive the rapture promise. The rapture promise is for the bride of Jesus Christ. That's the rapture promise. Remember, he's coming back for a mature lady of the word. Is that right? So now God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect. Now you hear brother Brandham would refer to this over and over of the stages of a wheat plant. And when you consider this and you look at that stages of a wheat plant and seeing of how that you know when this come back up this was this was Luther the just shall live by faith now that does not look like the seed that went in the ground but it's a start it they're entering into fellowship but now here comes a better fellowship here comes the ministry of sanctifi sanctification Wesley with the tassel right so It's a place that's being formed for the seed to come, but yet there's no seed there. It this is starting to resemble. But now then you come to Pentecost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the rest the restoration of the gifts. But remember, uh, you know, most of us here in Ohio can see this in wheat fields and and I grew up walking through them, you know, there for a number of years. When that wheat is sticking up like that, you know it's not ready because it's not bowed in humility. Because when it's actually got something in it, some substance, it bends over like that. The top of it actually bends over. But now notice within this, it's looking more and we're getting more to that stage. And now within that time, it had to come to a complete ripening to where the shuck, what houses the seed, would actually pull away and expose that the seed is there. And this, my brother and sister, is what the coming of the message of the hour, the ministry of the son of man. That's what caused that Pentecostal shock to pull back. You're not going to tell us to do what the gifts. You're not going to do this. No, sir. No. You see, they resisted the word. Yet, they wanted the baptism of the spirit. But God was wanting to go deeper into a fellowship where these are no longer two but one. So it's not my will be done but thy will be done. Praise the Lord. And so all of this is all products of the life that was within the seed. Amen. It's all coming up. So every one of them that lived down through their time, they had fellowship with God according to what God had allotted in that hour. But none of them, none of them down through here could speak and declare the marriage of the lamb has come. Amen. In this hour though, you see, we're living in an hour where there's not promises being made, but promises are being fulfilled. Amen. This is why we're living in the end time. All that has been looked forward to now coming into manifestation. So it's a better how the better fellowship it comes back to a place to where the seed that went in the ground is before us. And that's the way it is with Christ in his bride. That's the way we're the seed of that life coming to a place to where this is why when when people try to say what are you who are you and what do you they're trying they're trying to identify you but you know what the greatest reality is to say I'm a Christian I'm a believer and you could say that from your heart by a divine witness that there's not one scripture that my soul will not punctuate amen to. Amen. There's not one scripture say, "Well, I'm okay with all of this, but I don't know, you know, know about that." No, it's got to come to where better fellowship, full fellowship, is when it becomes the amen in our soul. Hallelujah. This is why the prophet, now watch this, fellowship. He says, "The life that was in the husk, the stock, in the tassel, in the husk all gathers in the seed, and the life that was in the stock went, one went to make the other." This is why we we believe in justification. That's the start. Sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, the gifts, everything goes in. We don't lose anything. It's just more and more shineth brighter until that perfect day. It's a gathering up. Justification made a way for sanctification. Sanctification made a way for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And the baptism of the Holy Ghost made a way for the Holy Ghost himself to come right down in perfection back to the word again to manifest himself. Pentecost never produced that. I'm talking about Isuza Street. Right? Are you hearing me? Now, let me just let me just drop this very clear. When the Holy Ghost has come and that new birth into our life, remember your birth is not your adoption, right? But the birth itself when it comes into our life, it's that of that eternal day that has broke in our hearts. But we are not out of the seventh church age because God promised he'd have overcomers out of this age. Is that right? He promised he would have overcomers and and we overcome by his life. And the promise is that we would sat with him in his throne even as he has overcome and sat down with the father in his throne. Is that right? So in that same promise now, so then we understand that has all of the stages like we looked at here before every one of those stages when it's coming back to that seed time. it comes. That's the time for rapture. That's harvest time. That's rapture. And let me just say this to you. The rapture itself is not just an event we're looking forward to. It's an event that we are participating in right now. We are fellowshipping in the mystery of the coming of the Lord. He's catching us away from our own ideas, from our own thinking, from our own lives. We are fellowshipping in the mystery of the coming of the Lord. Fellowshipping in the mystery of the Holy Ghost. Christ in you, the hope of glory. It's catching us up. Catching us up, catching us up. Now, go with me in the scriptures to John chapter 17. And I want you to look at this here just for a moment in John chapter 17 and verse 20. You know, because the only grounds there's only only one grounds for fellowship and that's the word of God. So in John 17 and verse 20 and I want you to I want you to look at this. Jesus said, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word, that they all may be one as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us, that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them, that they may be one." So this glory that he imparts is that glory that we might be one. What is that glory? It's the revealing of the father. It's the revealing of God's thoughts to you. It's the revealing of God's life. That glory that that glory, notice he says, "And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one." Right? I in them, thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one, and that the world may know that thou hast sent me and hast loved me as thou hast loved me, or loved them as thou hast loved me. Look at this in verse 24. Father, I will that they also whom thou hast given me be with me where I am, that they may behold my glory which was given me. For thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. Oh my. He asked for one request. Think of it. He didn't ask. This wasn't the last rights of what meal he'd like to have. He the last request he asked for. Grant it that I can have their fellowship. Hallelujah. You know what this was? This is why the the revelation of the godhead is so powerful. This is not the second person of the trinity. Jesus is the tabernacle that almighty God dwelt in. Hallelujah. And Jesus was the mouthpiece where God himself, the word was expressing his desire. This was God's desire from before an atom or a molecule. He longed for fellowship. Amen. [Applause] Everything hidden in the mystery down through time. It would be one after his own kind. And he asked for this fellowship, this request, oh righteous father, the world hath not known thee, but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me. And I have declared unto them thy name and will declare it that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them and I in them. Oh brother and sister, what does this what does this fellowship do? It is the love of God coming in the very depths of our lives. That's so good. And it don't stop. There's no stopping part. You can't find an end to the love of God. Amen. It keeps reaching and moving and pulsating and drawing you deeper and deeper and deeper. Hallelujah. Oh my. Brother Brandon said in the oneness he said that's the only grounds of fellowship that God's ever laid down for himself in the church is the oneness of himself in the people. That's the only grounds of fellowship. The only way that you can have those grounds is by union to be united with him forever. Right? Now, the disciples walking with him when he was here in his earthly ministry and then that body of Jesus, they had fellowship. Yeah. But they didn't have perfect fellowship. That's good, right? There was a more perfect fellowship. that that fellowship where they were fellowshipping and recognizing never a man spake like this things that they were witnessing and what they were seeing doing. You see, they didn't know and understand what it was all about but they were attracted to it. And there were many that went along and were attracted to it as well. And when it came down to a real tight place in the road where he started making statements that that that actually would declare that there's something beyond the natural understanding of a man. When he made the statements that he did in John 6, there were many that walked away and said, "We're not following this anymore." But the elect, how many times you hear brother Ram say this over and over. it. Listen friends, brother Brown, when he's saying this, he's these are important statements to pay attention to. He said the elect could not explain it, but they believed it. Hallelujah. Because he said the understanding would come at a later time. They didn't understand that. But there was something that even though they're understanding things couldn't match up and I don't know about this and you're trying to say this and say that I don't understand all that but there's something in me that just says there's something real here. Oh hallelujah. That's why we don't know God by an intellectual conception. We know God as the God who dwells behind the flesh. We know him by revelation and revelation is greater. Listen, I believe we ought to study the word, but you can memorize every word. You can know the Hebrew and the Greek and miss what God desires. God never came to make Bible students. He came to restore fellowship. Hallelujah. That was his burning. That was his longing. Hallelujah. Lord. So, sure, we believe in getting in the word, but just tell that devil to get off your shoulder. Well, you don't understand this and you don't understand that. I may not understand this and I may not understand that, but I know in whom I have believed. I've seen what he's done in my life. And when I got need to know of it, he'll show me. I'm not a slave. I'm not a beggar. I'm a son and daughter of God. And he said, "Ask." He said, "Seek." He said, "Knock and it shall be open unto you." Hallelujah. Oh my. This this fellowship is like a is like a man and a woman who are friends and then they enter into a courtship and oh are wooing around their hearts and kind of getting to know one another as friends and then they're in that season. Now they're not going to be able to experience that of marriage in that season of courtship. It's not the season. It's not even the season for certain words to be expressed. That's right. Are you hearing me? But you see, courtship is necessary because in that courtship, another part of the fold is engagement. What is engagement? Engagement is a confirming that God has revealed to my heart that this is my mate. Yes. You see, this is why we can we don't just come around the word and come around the message. But as God deals with our heart, he's speaking to our life and it comes to a place to where we recognize that this message is not the ideas of a man. It's none other than Jesus Christ, the promised word revealed from word to flesh. And it becomes an absolute that we can set our heart in to know that the God who made the promise is the same God to bring that experience in my life. Hallelujah. So good. Praise God. Yes. Deeper. Then it goes into a better fellowship. Marriage, right? But it don't stop there. It goes into a better and a deeper fellowship where new life comes forth. Is that right? A deeper fellowship. A fellowship that's behind the veil. Not just a fellowship that's in the kitchen where we're eating and enjoying the foods or come into the living room enjoying the company and the fellowship of the but then into the bedroom where relationship takes place where new life comes forth. That's the fellowship. That's true communion behind the veil. That's what God told Moses. I will meet with thee and commune with thee above the mercy seat. You and I can never get there. But God came to where we were. And let me tell you, the mercy seat is not somewhere far off. It's the Holy Spirit coming and dealing with your life and you seeing that I was always part of the mystery that I'm part of the tabernacle of the living God and that in your soul when the spirit of God has come that now becomes a mercy seat. Hallelujah. [Applause] This is why you get convicted when you're wrong. Yes. Amen. Oh, this is why when things aren't going just right, why? Because the judgment seat of Christ has now come into the heart of the believer and our sins are taken daily. Brother Samuel, what about the throne where he's seated and he's there and represented as Paul said in Hebrews 9:24? He's there. He's my advocate. He's my propituation. But you're not two different separate people. The spirit in you is the life that's in the sacrifice. And you are tied in to the sacrifice. And this is why the prophet said when he spoke to Sister Bruce and she was looking at all her mistakes, he said, "Sister Bruce," he said, "we," he said, "God does not see us as sinners anymore. He only hears our voice coming through the blood." Amen. Let me tell you something powerful. The real new birth, it makes you more innocent than any newborn you could see s set sitting here. That's not my words. That's the words of the prophet of God in this hour. Hallelujah. Because it's the word coming bringing that fellowship. This is why the prophet would speak about you see the Lord. He would tell the church in invisible union, we want you to we want to give you and think of trying to lead you to deeper thoughts, higher objectives, not just to come and have fellowship with a group of people, but a deeper fellowship, to have a a fellowship. Because the purpose of God justifying you is that he might sanctify you. That's so good. And the purpose he sanctifies you is that he might fill you with his spirit. See, God's got a purpose in it all. And that's why that within within our lives, you see, you listen, friend, to to you and I as a believer, the only thing that we want is him. And that's all that's all we want. When God got a hold of your life like he got a hold of my life, all I wanted was him. And you know what? I can't get enough of him. I can't get enough of him. I didn't just stop on the line of, well, I got the Holy Ghost when I when that came in my life. I want more of him. Now, you have to fight for that every day of your life because your old stinking flesh is always going to get in the way, try to hinder you, try to pull you back. But greater is he that is in you than he that's in the world. Come on now. Oh my. Just go ahead and put your angel wings up. They're not welcome here. It's a partaking of his life. How how could we partake of his life if he had not come down and offered to us his life? That's right. The prophets had a taste of it. But they weren't able it would God never came down and abodeed on them. Remember that would be the difference when John was spoken to in his message on whom you see the spirit of God descend and abide. That's the difference. Not just a baptism, not just an anointing, but an indwelling. Amen. That was what? To restore that fellowship, that true communion. Notice what Jesus said in the partaking of his life. He says it like this. I am the living bread which came down from heaven. Boy, this got them stirred up. If any man eat of this bread, he shall live forever, and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world. And the Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, "How can this man give us his flesh to eat?" Then Jesus said unto them, except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you have no life in him. Now, they could have went back in the scriptures in the law and said, "Ah, that's a mistake." That's right. But you see what God God comes to fulfill. The law was only a shadow. Remember the elect, they couldn't explain all of this right here. But you weren't going to run them away. You think that You think the devil wasn't on their back trying to shoot them websites about stuff? Well, he said this wrong. He said, you know what this says? We can go write the scriptures in Leviticus on this. You shall not eat the blood of anything that's offered. I was all, but that was a type. You see, friends, it's not you and I figuring out the word of God. God never called us to be debaters. He called us to be the expressed word of Almighty God. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to God in the highest. Lord, who so eateth, look at this, who so eateth my flesh and drinkkeeth my blood hath eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day. For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. He that eateth my flesh and drinkkeeth my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him. And as the living father hath sent me, and I live by the father, so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me. This is the bread which came down from heaven, not as your fathers did eat mana and are dead. He that eateth of this bread shall live forever. So now the word now to for you and I to become a partaker of this fellowship, this life, it required God becoming one of us. It required the word to become flesh. It required with the word becoming flesh, then that that word would be offered up. It would be it would be surrendered and then the life that was within that blood cell would come back upon the worshipper that you and I might be a partaker of the word and the spirit. Watch this. Brother Bram says in commemoration of his death. This is how we come to take it. His body that we believe that we eat daily or we've just got through eating as our brother preached on taking the word of God. We believe it with all of our heart. So this is this is this is what we are doing. We are eating right now. We are eating upon the word of God as the word is coming forth. This is why that man shall not live by bread alone but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. We live our lives are lived by the living word of God. Is that right? So to know that within that he's saying in commemoration of his death and his body that we believe that we eat daily or just got through eating as our brother preached to us taking the word of God we believe it with all of our heart. I love this. We see it manifested. We see it given to us. We see it vindicated. We feel it in our lives. We must come to this with a deep conscience of what we're doing, not just because it's in order. So why did we come? Listen, communion, it should not be a dread. Communion is a time of worship for true believers. Amen. It's a time that and I know Satan just likes to pile on and beat people up left and right and and you know accuse them. Well, well, sure. We're not talking about being live any sort of way. Well, you know, God, no, we're but we're talking about a reality in our heart that there's a longing to please him daily. And we are living by the word of God. We're taking it in and then we see it moving in our lives. We see the vindication of it. You know how many times you know when you eat you're going to you're going getting ready to eat here in just a little bit and you'll go to eat whether you're eating whatever meal you're going to eat. You're not going to see the vindication of that right away in your body. But you give it until tomorrow your body will have broken down all of the nutrients that's in there and got it to where it needs to go. And that's the same way it is with eating the word of God. We eat the word of God and sometimes we we're not seeing it vindicated right away, but our faith, that's how we eat it. We eat it and say, "Thank you, Lord. You're eating it. You're taking in the word." Let me tell you, you'll never be good enough. You'll never overcome your unbelief. You'll never overcome things in your life without taking the word of God because the word of God has strength in it. Hallelujah. When they ate the word down there in Exodus 12 before leaving Egypt, let me tell you the strength that was in this communion. Their clothes didn't even wear out. Hallelujah. There was healing in the camp. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. I ask you, is there healing in this fellowship? There's healing in the fellowship of the mystery of God. There's healing in this fellowship. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So now we enter into that fellowship and Jesus I I wish I had time to read all of this, but I I just don't. But out of in John chapter 14 where Jesus is is laying down how we enter into this fellowship and he would say, "If you love me, keep my commandments." You see, that's where it all starts. I mean, you wouldn't want to marry nobody you don't love. Dear Lord, that's not that smart. See, you got you had if you love me, you'll keep my commandments. Right? And I will pray the father and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever. So here they were having fellowship, but they needed perfect fellowship. All right. Even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him. For he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. I Who's this? Who's this comforter? Who's this another comforter? Who's this spirit of truth? I will not leave you comfortless. Yes. The same one who was talking through the veil of the body of Jesus. He said, "I will not leave you comfortless. I won't leave you as orphans. I will come to you. How did he come to them?" He came to them in the form of the word by the spirit. And he's telling them, remember Judas asked the question on down. I I pray you'll forgive me. Just let me kind of move through it a little bit because I just for time, but you can read it later. But Judas is asking, "How are you going to manifest yourself to us and not to the world?" And Jesus said, "If a man love me in verse 23, he'll keep my words and my father will love him and we will come unto him and make our abode with him. And he that loveth me keepeth not my sayings. And the word which you hear is not mine, but the father's which sent me. and these things that I've spoken being present with you. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he'll teach you all things, bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. Do you catch what Jesus is saying? The words that I'm speaking to you, these ain't mine. This is the father's words. Hallelujah. Amen. It was God speaking through his son. All right. Is that right? God speaking through his word, conveying his thoughts, his desire. And this is why Jesus could say, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." Now, here in Genesis 14, here comes Abraham. And Abraham being a type of the believer, he comes back. Remember, Lot is taken captive. And I understand Lot is a type of the, you know, the lukewarm, the, you know, denominational believer. Luke, you know, Lot, Lot himself, when he saw the the two angels coming down to Sodom, he said, "Lords." But Abraham standing there in Genesis 18 when he saw him, there were three that came to him and he said, "My Lord." Abraham had a revelation of the Godhead. He knew who was present and who was coming. Amen. Right now, it was in Genesis 18 where Sarah receives her awakening. Right? Because she's standing in the presence of the works. She doesn't realize it. Abraham knows who's in their midst. That's why Abraham said, "Hey, go go go go go get something to eat. May make some good cornbread and beans and and get get this lamb all fried up and and fixed up. I mean, get the buttermilk out. Get everything. What should I do? Give the best. Get it out here. Why? We want to entertain him. Amen. Sarah did not understand what was going on. But God came there purposely in Genesis 18 not to dissolve Abraham's doubt, but he came there to dissolve Sarah's doubt. [Applause] That's what the revealing of the son of man and this message is about is to dissolve the doubt from the hearts of the believer me. How shall I have pleasure? How could I ever be a part of this? How could I? And right there, the word discerns and said, "Why did Sarah laugh in her heart?" Not out loud. The word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. She said, "I didn't laugh. She lied. She was caught. It's like a cover was taken off. But thank God that through the union of Abraham, he couldn't touch her." Is that right? But what happened? There became a dissolving of the doubt in her heart. And instead of there being doubt in her heart, what do we read chapters later? Even after the lapse down there at Gare, the Bible says that the Lord visited Sarah as he had promised. It went from doubt in her heart to laughter. [Applause] Isaac means laughter. Instead of doubting and being tossed this way, now there is laughter on the inside. That devil has lost. He's been conquered. Triumph has come. Hallelujah. He said he turned your mourning into dancing. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Glory. I feel good, man. I feel good. Hallelujah. Here's Abraham after after after going down there and whipping those kings. He comes back with all the spoils. Melzdc meets him on the plains. Now, as a Bible reader, you can go in Hebrews chapter 7. Like brother says, "Oh, this Melzdc, this who is this mysterious character. Oh, it's calls Bible students to puzzle." But it goes right down to the scripture. Isn't it incredible? It's laying right in the scripture the whole time. That's right. You know, all it took was the right would get a diamond chip on it. It could release what's already been sealed in there. And what it begins to pick up out of Hebrews 7 is is him who had no father nor mother, nor beginning of days, nor ending of life. So this Melzdc could have been none other than God himself. And he's coming down not by accident. He's coming down with a special appointment to Abram. Abraham's just won a great battle. And after the battle has been won, this is the first time, never been instituted yet, but the first time where he offers his child communion, bread and wine. He didn't get it from nowhere else. It was of his own substance. Hallelujah. Woo. He prepared him a table in the presence of his enemies. All of those other kings were there. The king of Lady Osia, the king of this, the king of that. I'll give you this. I'll give you that. I'll give you this. I'll make your life easier. But Abraham was locked in. [Applause] Hallelujah. You say, "What was happening?" It was not mind over matter. It was God's mind that was over the matter, the seed that laid in Abraham's life. And after the battle was over, he gave him bread and wine. God was showing what he was going to do to every son and daughter of God. Amen. After the battle was over. Not just after the battle of this life's journey is over. When at the marriage supper of the lamb, we we'll have the communion with him. He promised it. But after the battle is over in our own lives, the struggle against sin, the laying down of our own will, the laying down of our own life, like Jacob, Jacob had to wrestle it out. Is that right? Jacob had to wrestle out, but Jacob come to a place, let me tell you something. Jacob got a hold on the word and he wasn't going to let it go. My Lord, you might look at your life right now and you say, "Look at me." Don't let go of the word. If you love me, keep my commandments. Don't let go of the word because the word knows exactly where to touch you in your life. He didn't just bless Jacob in his spirit or his head. The Bible said he blessed him there. Where did he where is the there? It was that hidden mystery of Israel in Jacob the whole time. The blessing of God's life came down as a seal in Jacob's life. And you know what? He had a different walk. He wasn't going out there trying to act like walking different. He went out there walking different. Amen. Well, you could still see in chapters. You could steal. You read, you Bible readers know this. You go ahead and read in different chapters, you'll see in certain chapters where it says, "And Jacob did this. Why don't it say Israel?" Cuz sometimes the actions coming out weren't Israel actions. They were Jacob. The Bible said Jacob went and went and he bowed down to Esau after that. Why was he doing that after already what God had done in his life? But you see, God when when Mor and Jacob's life through the mystery of Israel that had been revealed and bring him to a place to learn, you don't have to bow to things in your life no longer. There's things about your family that you are a part of another family. You are part of my mind. You don't have to bow down. You are a son and daughter of God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I say thank you, Lord. I want you to think of this. Now, this is why Jesus here, he could say in John 3, let me just move through it here. In John 3, except a man be born again of the spirit, he can't enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh. That which is born of the spirit is spirit. Marvel that I said unto you, you must be born again. speaking of that perfect fellowship, that relationship. Because let me remind you when Melzdc is here before Abraham, he's in theophony form. It's the word. Remember it first was an attribute spirit, but then it became word. In Genesis 1 is where the logos, the word theophony going forth and it begin to brood and create and bring forth. Who does Abraham meet? He meets Melzdc. He meets the living God in theophony form. It didn't do nothing to nobody else around him. Let me go back to that. It didn't do nothing to nobody else around them. Everybody else just going about their about their time, right? It didn't mean nothing to them. You don't read anything in there about the rest of them like, "Wow, who is this guy?" It was in simplicity. They didn't recognize the coming of this message. And here it is. It's God making known to Abraham as he says right here, "Blessed be Abram of the most high God, possessor of heaven and earth." Wow. That's good. You see what he's making known to Abraham? You were always a part of God. You see, that's why this this message when it comes to break back all the clouds, it breaks back all the self-efforts and goodness that you could ever bestow. And what does it do? It brings the grace of God in plain view. Amen. And you know what? when you can we can that grace of God begins to break in our lives to realize I was always one of his. Amen. That's why I've been different. Now, you might have tried to fit into a lot of different things down through life. You might have tried to been different and thought you were different and everything else, but God always knew where you were at. Let me tell you something. Just as much as Levi was in the loins of Abraham here, the Bible said every time when brother Ram will deal with predestination, he'll take us right back there to where Levi paid tithe to Melzdc while in the loins of Abraham. In the loins of Abraham, you know why he was always a part. And here he was always a part all the way down through there. And how that you and I were always a part of God. Praise the Lord. I like how brother Ram says it. He says, "You were in your natural father. But you don't remember it. Right. You don't remember it. You don't remember being well, you know, I was there. I was walk You don't remember that. I was walking around, you know, in Big Aren. I was walking around. No, you don't remember that. As a matter of fact, let me bring it down to you. You don't even remember the day you were born. But you know you've been born, right? Are you hearing me? You may not be able to put your finger on and say, "I don't remember the birth, but I know I've been born. I see the results of it in my life. And you know what? Amnesia is breaking away from my life. I was always a part of God. That's why this word means something to you. This is why you were always a part of God. And in the end time, Melzdc came down [Music] Hallelujah. And he met you on the way back after the battle was won, after laying down your life. Lord, I surrender my life. I surrender my all. And you have a meeting with Mechazedc. [Music] And he gives to you the bread and wine. Hallelujah. What you have need of for the rest of your life. You love him this morning. Hallelujah. You were always a part of him. It was him that came to bring you into fellowship with him. This is why we can declare the marriage of the lamb is come. Hallelujah. It's a better fellowship. The marriage of the lamb has come and his bride, the lamb's wife, she had made herself ready. Amen. Glory be to God. I always like how it says it. It don't say the lion's wife. It says the lamb's wife. It comes through a sacrificial submissive heart. Then the authority of the lion comes through the lamb. Now there's authority, a life of authority that's lived above sin in your life, above unbelief. It's the grace of God by true communion. A better fellowship. That is so good. This is why that when let me just let me let me let me let me tie this point together here. This is why that in this in here in the scripture let me get to there's one scripture I want to I want to read here at the very at the very last part here. This is why the scripture says in 1 John 5 6 and n this is he that came by water and blood even Jesus Christ not by water only but by water and blood and it is the spirit that beareth witness because the spirit is truth for there are three that bear record in heaven the father the word which is the son and the holy ghost and these three are one and there are three that bear witness in the earth, the spirit, the water, and the blood. These three agree in one. If we receive the witness of man, the witness of God is greater. For this is the witness of God, which he had testified of his son. So the coming of the Holy Spirit by way of the message of the hour, Melzdc coming down to meet us, the son of man right here dwelling with us. It's the time of the seal of the Holy Ghost. That is so good. No other age had this seal. They had the Holy Ghost, but now is the sealing time, the capping hour. Because the seal is the person of Christ himself. They they had it in a portion, but now the seal, this is where it's no longer two, but one, it's Christ in you. It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. That's a better fellowship. I I say that that that's I I love the fellowship of coming around with brothers and sisters like Precious Faith, but you know what? That just that fellowship alone won't get me out of here. No, that's right. Oh, I love the truths of the message of the hour, but that fellowship alone won't get me out of here. I've got to become one with the knowledge of the truth. Got to become one with the person of truth himself of whom all of these mysteries have come. Let me just say this. When we have been united with him as the marriage of the lamb has come, we have been granted to be arrayed in the fine linen which is the righteousness of the saints. Let me tell you, you're not displaying your own righteousness. You're displaying his righteousness. Amen. He who knew no sin became sin that we might be made the very righteousness of God in Christ. We are his righteousness. We are his workmanship. And this is why that through the eating of this word and that that revelation that is it comes into our life and and the word oh my we can fellowship on that as we're taking in the word. There's things that my as the word it comes as a discerner it'll come and discern things and things that just slip past our a discernment if I can say it in that way maybe because we get a little doll or the cares of life but let me just tell you something friends what God has started in your life he'll finish it and this is why that when the living word of God is coming and we're taking in that word and listen I know there's parts of the lamb I really love preaching there's parts of the lamb lamb that I like preaching. And there's parts of the lamb that I really I I it's not that I'm against it. It's just it's not real comfortable to preach. But remember, when you're to eat this lamb is said in Exodus 12, you're to eat in the pertinance thereof in everything. That that that means all that means there's things that's going to come to us. It's hard. Boy, it's hard to swallow. But we know we must eat this book. Eat this word. If we don't eat it, we can't be a part of him. Right? But we take that word in and let me tell you, we don't have to we we don't have to figure out how is this going to happen in my life or how's this going to take place. Listen, this is why brother Brown would say in that same message, who is this Melzdc? He said, if you have not given yourself to fully feed on the word of God to where you can fly above the things of the world, will you do so? Now, you catch what he said? Fully feed. It's just feeding because within the word there is the strength and the nutrients that we have need of. No matter what it is in your life, if it's overcoming the things of the world, if it's look, you know, if it's healing in your life, whatever, we've been preaching on healing. Remember, there is strength in the word of God. I'm not against books and everything out there, but I'll tell you what, nothing can beat getting before God on our knees and taking taking going to God in prayer and eating on the word of God. Brother Samuel, sometimes I don't feel anything. But listen, you don't have to feel something. The thing the thing the thing it comes down to is is that do you believe it? And if you believe it, then receive it. And don't look at whether you're worthy or not. Listen to the words that the father is speaking concerning your life. Come on now. That's right. And let him do his work in your life. Every one of us here, I believe, want a deeper walk with God. I just was listening to it here here the other day where brother Bram said, "Oh God, matter of fact, just yesterday he said, "Lord, let every fiber of our being be filled for the rapture." Yes. Amen. I want every fiber field. Don't you? I want a I want a I I want a deeper fellowship. I want a a closer I I believe I I I believe I've got the Holy Ghost. I I know I believe what what he's done in my life, but I want more of him. I want more of him. I want more of Jesus to take over more of Samuel. Cuz I tell you, the biggest enemy I got and I don't got problems with other people. You know, the problem I got is with Samuel. My problems, your problems ain't other people. Your problem is the person we look at in the mirror. That is so true. And God allows those situation. Why do why do they have to do that? It just lets you know you need more of Jesus in your life. You need a deeper fellowship. Jesus said, "Take my yoke upon you and my burdens. They are light." Hallelujah. This yoke is not filled with splinters. Oh, it's filled with the love of God. But you see the whole key to everything in our life, every victory, every trial is just get deeper in Jesus. You see, how do I do that? Well, I'm going to, you know, I'm just going to take an hour today or two hours a day. You don't have to be radical. You just have to be a believer. It might require giving a little bit more time or realizing there's some time I could redeem. Instead of this much time on on YouTube, I can redeem some time. In other words, take back what the enemyy's tried to take from me. Take back what he's tried to ste. It's I'm here to redeem the time. And you know whose responsibility that comes to? You and I. And let me just tell you something. Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. When he comes to show those things up in our life, that's his love. Don't you love him? Oh, thank God for true communion. A true communion where he walks with me. He talks with me. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him? Lord. Amen. Amen. Why don't musician, why don't you come and um I'll just have maybe maybe Ben, why don't you just come and and uh play a song and just in maybe as every head is bowed before I would read from communion. And I'm going to also ask that you know I know we may have some visitors and different ones with us. And uh you know this is not a a closed communion but I want you to remember that you don't come to take communion that you might be saved or I want to make sure that I'm right with God. No that's communion itself is remember only an outward sign that everything is good with me and Jesus every day. every day. He's He's my life and I I want to I want to express it. I want to as an outward symbol, I want to express what he is to me in my life daily. So, as our head is bowed and maybe you got a request upon your heart, a need, you'd like to make it known to the Lord. Maybe you've got a need. Maybe it's for a besetting sin in your life. Maybe you've got a request that Lord, I want to be I want to be saved. Maybe there's someone here. You have not even turned your life over to the Lord, but you'd like to make that start this morning. I tell you, God's more than able. Don't Don't look at yourself. You might say, "Brother Samuel, you don't know all kinds of habits I got in my life." Let me tell you, you've heard my testimony. I could call different ones of this congregation up right now that they something caught a hold of their life and they turned themselves over to the Lord. They still had habits in their life. Still had some smoked other things. But let me tell you something. I think of Sister Joe Keithley for some years. And I'm not saying you got to go to years down the road, but I'll tell you, I never forget it. She hung right on. Yes, she was smoking them cigarettes, but they weren't She wasn't doing it out just to be in defiance. But you know what? She kept testifying, "God's my deliverer." Let me just tell you something. Her deliverance fully came. The seal of the living God fully come. Let me Don't worry about trying to clean your life up. You can't do it. Let the grace of God come to your life. Let the grace of God turn your heart around. Let let him begin to bring you into a place of fellowship. It may it may it may not be that of the fellowship that we're talking of this morning, but this is where and how we enter into that. This is how we come into it. I wonder is there one this morning, I know there were other hands raised before, but let me just speak specifically to that. Is there one this morning that would say, "Lord, I want to come home. I want to lay down my life. I want to repent. I don't ever want to take that away in this this kind of a service like this. Cuz there might be someone here maybe maybe you're sitting here this morning and you've kind of went wayward with God. You've kind of let your fellowship it's well it's almost become like cold. You really don't almost know what to say. You sit across the table from one another. But you say, "Lord, I want to renew that fellowship and not just back to where I was, but I want to go on, Lord. I want to go on." Anybody want to say that, "Lord, I want to go deeper, Lord." Oh, don't be ashamed, friends. He's not ashamed to speak to us here this morning. He's not looking down on us. If you say, "Oh, Lord, I've gotten a little cold. I need to be I need Lord, I want to be closer to you." Oh, that's just that's the rays. You know what's making that? It's the warming rays. of the son of righteousness. He's warming your heart by a love affair. Maybe right here this morning, say, "God, I want more of you, Lord. I want more." You can put your name in where I do. I want more of Jesus to take over more of Samuel. I want more of the Holy Ghost. I want more. Is that your desire this morning, Lord? I believe all through this building, Lord, I want more. Hallelujah. Now remember, we're going to go to him in prayer now. We're not beggars. We're not slaves. Hallelujah. He said, "Ask." Ask, Lord. And the word has brought an atmosphere of faith that we can ask for what we have need of. Let's pray. Father, in your great mercy, Lord, you have just moved down to speak to our hearts. once again, not just reminding us of who we were, where you brought us from, that we were always a part of you, but God is your spirit even going through the word, wooing to hearts and lives, calling hearts, Lord, to a place of surrender, calling us into a deeper fellowship. Lord, I've got confidence in you. I have absolute confidence in this word. You'll not lose one. Amen. I have confidence, Lord, that Father, you're the same God that put squirrels where there were no squirrels. You're the same God that caused two little boys to fall across Sister Hadtie's lap. You're the same God who turned a storm around. Yes, Lord Jesus, your word is all powerful. An atmosphere has been created, Lord. Now, Lord, we as your children by the grace of God, by the blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. Lord Jesus, there's many petitions among us. There's many desires. Now Lord, you see every need. Behind every hand, many things were spoken, things were said. But Lord, you've come to have a personal meeting now. Lord, we take every one of these requests. Everyone, Lord, that has been spoken out with hands. Lord, from the hearts, Lord, I want a closer walk with you. Lord, I want a deeper fellowship. Lord, I want to be like Enoch where I get so close to you to like Enoch. You just took him on home. He got closer to your house than he was to his own. Oh God, help us. May we get closer to your house than our own, Lord. Lord Jesus, we give ourselves to you. May the presence of Almighty God just have your way, Father, in the remaining part of this service. We commit it all, Lord, into your hands in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] I believe God I I believe God brings a real experience. Don't you? You say, "What? What's the experience?" The change. What's the evidence? You believe. And you keep believing and God keeps working in your life. You're not. Look at your life right now. You're not where you used to be. You might even look at your life and said, "Man, I had a real cold time in my life this many years back there." But that's a was, right? That's a has been. That's something that you look at right now and look back and say, "Wow, God in his mercy." And when I went through a cold time in my life, God didn't take the seal from you. God never took it from you. God never took the Holy Ghost from you. The seal was there the whole time. Glory. That's why you couldn't be content where you were. But by God's grace, aren't you thankful that you can stand there and look back and say, "I had a cold time there." There was a time where I where I then, you know, went astray in my mind. But you're able to stand and understand that by God's grace to you right now. Let me tell you something that ought to even prove to you the hold that God's got on your life. There's an anchor, my brother, within the veil, that hole. holds. Don't you love him this morning? Oh, I tell you, when we're coming to take this communion, when I take a hold of that bread, that body, that word that was broken open, that word that was broken open for you and I, that you and I might live, when I take of that wine, what do I think about? I think about God's grace. what he's done in my life, what he's doing in my life, how through all parts of the journey, only thing I can look back and see, it's been him the whole time. Because he's allowed you to see the times that you let go, he was the one that had a hold on you. It wasn't your strength that's kept you. It's his strength that has kept you. Oh, hallelujah. Glory be to God in the highest. Brother Samuel, this is different from any communion service I belong. Hey, communion service is not a morning. It's not a death. It's not a funeral. It ought to be a time of rejoicing. Come on, friends. We're not Roman Catholics. We are part of the original Catholics, the original universal church by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. We've got a right to worship. We've got a right to say, "Worthy is the lamb." Hallelujah. What he's done in my life, what he's doing in my life. Hallelujah. He that begun this good work in me will perform it. Hallelujah. One of these days, one of these moments will be the last bite I take. And that last bite will lead me into the change of the body. What are you doing? You're eating yourself into a body change. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh. Oh my. Maybe let's just sing a chorus of that. I'm crying. Say, oh my god. [Music] Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, let's just worship him. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to God. I'm Mechazedc. Hallelujah. Elohim. Glory my Lord. Oh, I lovely Lord Jesus. Almighty God. Hallelujah. Thou uncolle. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. Abraham ate that meal that Melzdc gave him before he got back home. Melzdc met him before he got back home. Hallelujah. We have met our Melzdc. The Lord Jesus. Not only has he come to us here, but he promised he would meet us in the air. Amen. Brother and sister, this message is the declaration. It's the token. It's the assurance. Everything's all right. The debt has been paid. There's no leans against the deed. The abstract of the Holy Ghost has come. Every deed, every lean has been stricken off. No matter father, mother, all the way down through your life, you can say, "Oh, my tree of life. Oh, how bad it was." But you're part of another tree. None of us have anything in this earth to brag on our family tree. But you were always a part of the tree of life. And that tree of life is Jesus Christ, the word. Hallelujah, Lord. He came and found you. He came and found you. He came and found me. Glory be to God. Oh, don't you love him? Amen. Maybe Brienne, if you can bring up 1 Corinthians 11, please [Music] verse 23. Paul said, "For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread." When he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." And after the same manner also he took the cup and when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do you as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are sick, a weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tear one for another. We're just going to bow our heads in a maybe in a manner of just just a silent prayer and just to pray for one another. And and I'm also going to ask that if there's any that would want to be dismissed at that this time, we'll just allow you to be dismissed at this time. We love you. God bless you and we'd love to see you back. But let's just pray for one another. Oh Jesus. Lord God, grant it. Lord, I pray for my brothers, for my sisters, Lord Jesus. God, if there's anything, Lord, that would not be right or pleasing, Lord. Oh God, please forgive us, Lord. Purge completely, Lord. I pray, Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your mercy and your grace, Lord. Lord, we're thankful, God, that Lord Jesus, as the song would say, blessed assurance. Jesus is mine. And oh, what a foretaste of glory divine. I'm an heir of salvation, purchased of God, born of his spirit, bought with his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Oh God, how we thank you for your mercy. I pray heavenly father that Lord that as you have watched over your word all the way down through time. May you bless your children Lord as we would come through this line Lord to take Lord of the communion Lord in the wine. And I pray that God as we come here we understand that we're not doing this Lord with a hope but Lord it's assurance. It's a declaration from our heart of what you've done in our lives and what you're doing. Lord, I pray that God that you would just Lord be with those Lord. Maybe those Lord any Lord that would have left Lord or would not be a partaker. May they be able Lord to come into a place to be able to stand with an assurance here. Lord I pray in some time Lord we know that God that you do all things well and Lord we love you. It's not our worry. It's not our concern. It's not our frustration. We just yield, Lord, our lives to you and invite that the grace of God would fulfill and finish all things, Lord, that's needed. May you bless your children now, Lord, we pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Brothers, if you'll, Brother Carlos, I believe you help out with us, too. We're going to um as the brothers are coming forward, Brother Richard and Brother Gomez, and then there's others will be dismissing you. Maybe as you can play.
