################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-06 - In Patience Possess Ye Your Souls - Brandyn Sinacola - Brandyn Sinacola.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-06
Title:   In Patience Possess Ye Your Souls - Brandyn Sinacola
Speaker: Brandyn Sinacola
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqmPaTlgOYo
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
30:54 - Ministry
1:27:35 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] in [Music] control. He's put that reassur way down in my [Music] soul. He's got it all in control. Amen. Let's sing a chorus once again. He's got it all in control. Amen. for He's got it all in control. Amen. Aren't you glad about that tonight? He's got it all in control. I'm glad he put that reassur down in my soul. He's got it all in control. Let's sing this. I put my life in his hands. Oh, I put my life in his hands. Yes, Lord. Oh, I put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I know it's in his plans. Oh yes, I put my life in his hands. Amen. Let's sing this tonight. My father knows. Amen. My father knows what I need. Oh, aren't you glad? Your Lord Jesus knows. Amen. My father knows what I need. So every trial I go through, he knows. He knows what's best for [Music] me. Oh yes. My father knows what I need. He's got it all in control. Yes. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. And he's put that reassur way down in my soul. Oh, I'm so thankful that he's got it all in control. Amen. Let's sing that part. Amen. My father knows what I need. Amen. Aren't you glad he does? My father knows what I need. Amen. Before we ever say a thing, he already knows about it. My father knows what I need. So every trial I go through, oh, he knows what's best for me. Yes, Lord. My father knows what I need. And let's all stand tonight. Let's sing that now. I put my life in his hands. Amen. I put my life in his hands, your soul. Oh, I put my life in your hands. So every road that I walk down, Lord, I know it's in your [Music] plan. Lord, I put my life in his hands. And one more time, he's got all control. Amen. Let's all sing it together tonight. He's got it all in control. Oh, yes, he does. He's got it all in control. [Music] He's put that reassur way down in my [Music] soul. He's got it all in control. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad that he's got it all in control tonight? Praise God. I tell you what, I'm so thankful that he's got everything in control. Amen. when we could have Amen. I mean, we have everything out of control when when it's in our hands. But if we put it in his hands, he's got everything all control. Aren't you glad about that? Amen. And I trust Amen. tonight that we just want to put our life in his hands. Amen. In the potter's hands tonight. Amen. Praise God. So thankful for his hands tonight. So thankful for him. And Amen. It's thankful. Just so good to be in the house of God. Amen. Praise God. Such a wonderful opportunity. Amen. that we have to be in the presence of the Lord. Look forward to what has what he has in store for us tonight. Amen. Certainly just want to pray for brother Brandon tonight that God just be with him and Amen. And whatever God's placed on his heart, we just want to receive it tonight. Amen. Amen. We just have just a few prayer requests tonight. But how many knows before we read these that our God is able to meet each and every need? He certainly is. There's nothing too hard for our Lord. What may seem impossible to us is not impossible to him. Amen. And so let's we'll just read these tonight. Amen. This is from uh brother uh brother Gomez says prayer for our niece Linda Dvilla. Linda Dvilla the Lord's will be done for her. Amen. So remember brother and sister Gomez's niece tonight that God just be with her. Uh Carmen Bosley, Sister Carmen Bosley's back is hurting and she can barely walk. Oh my. So remember our sister tonight in prayer that God just be with her and touch her. Sister Naomi says, "Please uh continue to keep my uh son in prayer." Amen. From Sister Naomi. So remember, Amen. that request in prayer tonight. This is from Sister Stephanie says to please remember my friend Heather for Gilbert Lanny to come back to the Lord. Amen. So remember, Amen that tonight that God would just be Amen. Just pray that God would deal with him. Amen. Deal with each and everyone. This is um Amen. This is a request says uh brother this is a request for brother Mike Gambir from Connecticut. He has been battling cancer. Uh and he had a seizure. He is praying for complete healing. So remember our brother. Amen. We may not know who that brother is, but God knows who that brother is. Amen. I just pray that God just be with him and touch him. He's more than able to do it. You believe that? Amen. Our God certainly is. This is from brother Aaron. Says, "Please pray for my daughter Addison. She needs a touch from the Lord." Thank you, brother Aaron. Remember, sister add prayer that God be with her tonight. Amen. Amen. How many has a need might lifted hand? Amen. Just know that with that need, Amen. that the God, the same God that created all the heavens, earth knows that and sees it. Amen. Brother Aaron want brother Aaron Little Beam, want you come, buddy. Take us for the Lord in prayer. God bless you, buddy. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we come before you with thanksgiving in our hearts for another opportunity to be in your house with freedom of worship and freedom of praise, Father. And I don't know what each and everyone is going through tonight, Father, but there's no trial big enough, too big for you, Father. And we pray for your hand upon this service, Father. And we pray that you're you just anoint the heart of Brother Brandon. and anoint his lips, Father, and anoint our eyes and ears, Father, that we we may hear and see, Father. We put this service into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Why don't you Why don't you turn around, shake hands with somebody tonight and greet them tonight in the name of Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. So good to be in the house of God. Amen. Let's sing a song. Lord, I'm so in love with you. Lord, I'm so in love with you. Amen. You can have your seats tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Let's sing that song tonight. Somebody just wants to fall in love with the Lord all over again. Amen. Amen. Help me sing a few more. Oh Lord, I'm so in love with you. Yes, Lord. You touch my heart with your grace. Yes, Lord. Lord, I'm so in love with you. No one else or no one else can take your place. And let's sing it again tonight. Lord, I'm so Lord, I'm so in love with you. Yes, Lord Jesus. You touch my heart with your grace. Lord, I'm so in love with you. I know no one else can take your place. This what he does for us through the fire. Lord, you're right beside me. Oh yes, it's in the desert. Yes, Lord Jesus. You see me through and on raingers. Oh Lord, you draw me near. Yes, Lord. And hold me closer, Lord, to you. And Lord, I'm so in love. Lord, I'm so in love with you. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. You touch my heart with your grace. Oh Lord, I'm so in love with you. I know one thing that nobody else can take your place. Sing through the fire. Oh, through the fire. Lord, you're right beside me. Lord, in the desert, Lord, you see, oh, what a faithful God we serve. Amen. water raging waters. Oh Lord, you draw me near and you hold me close. Lord, hold to you and Lord, I'm so in love with you. Oh, hallelujah. Lord, you touch my heart. Oh, it is amazing grace. Lord, I'm so we're so in love with you, Lord. No one else can take your place. Sing it through the fire just once again. Pull through the fire. Lord, you're right beside me. Lord, in the desert, Lord, you see me. Oh, yes you do, Lord Jesus. On raging waters. [Music] Lord, you draw me near and you hold me close, Lord, to you. And Lord, Lord, I'm so in love with you. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. You touch my heart with your own grace. And Lord, I'm so. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Nobody else can take your place. No one else can take your place. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. We're so in love with you, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. You're so good to us, Father. Oh, amen. How many just loves the Lord tonight? Amen. How many just appreciates him? Hallelujah. Let's sing that song I meant tonight. I don't know any better than Jesus. Amen. Amen. I don't know any better than our Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'll try to sing this song. I know I'm not as good as Uncle Brian this song. I know he does a good job. So, we'll try tonight by the grace of God. Amen. Amen. Help me sing if you know him. I don't know any better friend. Someone on whom I can depend to lighten my load, to comfort my soul and break every feed. Oh yes. No matter what comes, no matter what goes. When I have a problem, he always knows the answer to why that I love him so I don't know any better. Oh, sing it tonight. Well, I don't know any better than Jesus. How ever compare? He's better still. He's better than what this world had to offer. Better than whatever it ever will. Better than I could ever repay. I'm ever dead. And oh what joy he sends my way. I don't know any. Well, let's just sing our first verse once again. Well, I don't know any better friend. Someone on whom I can depend to lighten my load. Oh, he comforts my soul and he breaks every feather. No matter what comes, no matter what goes. When I have a problem, church, he always knows the answer to why that I love so I don't know any better. Oh yes. Well, I don't know any better than Jesus. Oh, however compare, church. He's better still. Better than what this world had to offer. Better than whatever he ever will. Better than I could ever repay. I never is dead. And oh what joy that he sends my way. I don't know any better. Oh, I like this verse right here. I don't know any better time to make Jesus yours like I made him mine. He'll cleanse you from sin. Lord, he'll be to them forever. Forget her. Swing open the doors of your heart wire and your invitation he'll come right inside and oh what peace they're in will find I don't know any better oh yes Lord well I don't know any better than Jesus oh he's the best thing that's ever happened to us compare he's better still oh Better than what this world had to offer, better than whatever it ever will, better than I could ever repay. Oh, I'm never joy he sends my way. I don't know any better. Oh, I don't know any better than Jesus. [Music] Oh, however compare that he's better still. Better than what this world had to offer. Better than whatever it ever will. Better than I. Oh, however his ever and what joy that he sends my way. I don't know any better. Oh, I don't know any [Applause] better. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. I don't know any better than Jesus tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Amen. I'm just glad you're a friend of God. How many glad knows that you're children of God? Amen. It's the best privilege, the best thing we could ever know. Amen. Help me sing if you know tonight. Amen. Well, who am I that you are mindful of me? Oh, how you hear me when I call. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, is it true that you are thinking of me? Oh, how you love me. Oh Lord, it's amazing. Oh, it's amazing that I can say that I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Oh yes, I am a friend of God. Do you call me friend? I am a friend of God. Oh, have you sing a friend of God? Oh, I am a friend of God. Oh yes, I am a friend of my God. He calls me friend. Think about this. Where am I? you would give your life for me. Oh, how you cleanse me. Oh, how you been cleanse us, Lord, for all my sins. Think about it now. Well, is it true that you sent this message for me, oh Lord, how you lift me. Amen. I'm so grateful. I'm so grateful and I'm so grateful that I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. And he calls me friend. Oh, halleluah. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of my God. He calls me friend. See, God almighty, God all mighty, the Lord of glory. For you have called me forever. and say, "God almighty, God Almighty, the Lord, the Lord of glory." Oh, he's called you friend. Let's sing this tonight. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, I am a child of God. How many is a child tonight? Isn't that awesome? Hallelujah. Praise God. I'm a child of God. Once again, I am a child of God. Hallelujah. Oh, I am a child of my God. I am his mercy. God Almighty, God Almighty. He's the Lord. The Lord of glory. You Lord. You call me your friend. God almighty. God. Oh hallelujah. Lord of glory. Lord you call me your bride. Oh let's sing now once again. I am the bride of Christ. Oh, I am the bride of Christ. Oh, I am the bride of Christ. I am his own. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I am the bride of Christ. Oh, I am the bride of Christ. Oh, I am the bride of He will take me home. Oh. Oh. I want God all mighty. He's my Lord. Oh, for he has. Oh yes, he has. Let's sing once again. God almighty. God mighty. He's the Lord. The Lord of glory. You Lord, you call me friend. Oh yes, Lord. For I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. He calls me friend. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Yes, he calls you friend. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for calling us your friend, Lord. for calling us unto your own, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, what a mighty God we serve tonight. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Let's sing that song. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Amen. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Let's sing as Brother Brandon comes tonight. Amen. How many hunger on the word of God? Amen. Let's worship the Lord just a little bit tonight. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, well, what a mighty God we serve. Well, angels bow before him and heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, well, what a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah, Lord. What a mighty God we serve. Oh well, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth him. What a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God I serve. Oh hallelujah. Oh thank you Jesus. Angels bow. over heaven and earth. Jesus is the God that I serve. Oh, sing it. What a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God. I search tonight. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth. Oh yeah. Jesus is the God I serve. Jesus is the God I serve. Oh my. Jesus is the God. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth they adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God. Oh hallelujah Lord. What a mighty God. Oh thank you Lord. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore [Applause] him. Well I get joy when I think about what he's done for me. I'll get joy when I think about what he's done for me. Oh, I'll get joy when I think about what he's done for me. Oh, what the Lord has done for me. Oh, I get joy. Oh, I get joy when I think about what he's done for me. I get joy when I think about what he's done. Oh, hallelujah. I get joy when I think about. Oh, what the [Music] Lord. Oh, hallelujah. I'll get joy when I think about Satan under my feet. I'll get joy when I think about Oh, I'll get joy when all put that devil on your feet tonight. Amen. Oh well, Satan is under my feet. Oh, how to live. I get joy when I think about how he set me free. Oh, how Oh, yes, Lord. I get joy when I think about how he set me free. Oh, what the Lord has. Oh, thank you, Lord. Once again, I get joy when I think about what he did for me. I get joy when I think about what he did for me. Oh, I get joy. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, what the Lord has, what he has done for me. Yo, let's just sing this now. Well, I get joy for when I think about how he has healed me. I get joy when I think about how he has healed me. Oh, I get joy when I think about Oh, what the Lord. Amen. Let's all stand tonight as brother Brandon comes. Well, I'll get joy when I think about the devil under my feet. I'll get joy when I think about the devil under my feet. Oh, I get joy when I think about the devil under my feet. Oh, well, Satan, let's put him on our feet tonight. Oh, once again, well, I get joy when I think about Satan under my feet. I get joy when I think about Oh, I get your Oh, well, Satan is under my feet. Oh, yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What day of the week is it? Cuz this does not feel like a Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. I love the way you guys worship. And I was waiting for one about that fast. So you guys just You got me. And I I was actually I was thinking we're going to need a fire extinguisher cuz these guys are just There you go, man. They're playing like starting fires. Amen. Well, God bless you tonight. I'm not going to try to follow that up. So, we'll just we'll just go into the word here. If you want to open your Bibles to Hebrews 12, uh greet you in the name of the Lord and behalf of Pastor Paul offain and the church back home. And it's good to be here with you all. and and uh I was just I was thinking today about brother Sam's um just his confidence to ask me down. I I don't think I've come here to preach uh once when he's been here and that's okay that I'm not I just mean that for me that that's real special because it's just his confidence in me and um and your confidence in me and your your compliments when you see me out and about and I just I really appreciate that. It really means a lot and Praise the Lord. You know, I was also thinking I'm I'm not my goodness, I'm not much of a of a preacher. Um don't know if I can call myself a preacher, but then I got to thinking and I thought I don't I don't really want to call myself a preacher. What I'd really want the Lord to do is use me to minister. And uh so I heard somebody say that one time and I thought, boy, there's there's, you know, you watch ministries come through and man, you just got to be careful not to compare yourself amongst yourselves, you know, but I just think, man, if I could if I could just be used of the Lord to minister tonight. So that's that's my heart and it's good to be here with you. So Hebrews 12 and verse one. Now I just, you know, we know we're all familiar with Hebrews chapter 11. That's the faith chapter. That's the the heroes of faith. And so this is just following it up. And he says, "Wherefore, seeing we are also our compass about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us. looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Let's just bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord. And Lord, we're just completely at your mercy tonight, Lord. just so grateful for the opportunity to be here. So grateful for this congregation and seeing the improvements to the building that you've that you've blessed them with is just joys my heart, Lord. And but knowing that that's just a reflection of the character of the people on the inside. And so it's a privilege tonight to speak to them. And I just ask you, Lord, to help me get out of the way completely, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats. My note my notes kind of fill all over the place. I don't really like notes. Um I tend to maybe lean on them too much anyway, but um I just I couldn't just couldn't feel settled with them. So I'm just praying you you pull and I'll follow and we'll just see where we go. There you go. Yes, sir. Now Romans Romans chapter 5. Just just picking up a little bit on this. um you know the the the faith chapter and the heroes of faith and you know when you read that it they they were they're being praised for their faith but everything that they had to go through to produce that faith for that faith to be written about is things that we wouldn't they're not so pleasant you know we can read oh Abraham had faith and he believed and praise God well he waited 25 years for that promise and he was told to sacrifice his son Right? And then, you know, Sarah and dried up and and different things and just just what they had to go through and and you know, Abraham's life wasn't perfect down into Egypt and I think two or three times maybe lied every time he went down and and you know, you just you just you just run through it. Samson's mention and they and it's then it says how much longer it would take to mention everybody and the the mouths of lions and the they were sauna and and we think well what what kind of chapter is this? I don't wait I thought we were heroes of faith. I don't know if I want to be a hero of faith if that's what I got to go through to get there. But but you know there's a there's a very important element here just just in these couple verses. We could probably take these verses and preach all night on them, but you know, verse two says, "Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith." Now, that's that's great. And we we talk about he's the author and finisher of our faith. And I'll talk about that more this evening, but I think there's an important key that we'll see tonight is looking unto Jesus. Looking unto Jesus. You have He's not just the author and finisher of your faith, but you have to look upon him. You have to keep your eyes upon him. I was reading today um uh some some I don't know what it is. It's a database of of Spurgeon sermons I guess um called the the preacher of preachers and and he was telling a story about how um they were judging this competition and these men were plowing in a field and and he the judge came and you know they just they weren't doing too well and so he said well what came to the first one and he said I'm gonna pick on you. I'm gonna come down here. Thanks for sitting in the front row tonight. God bless you. You don't got to sit back. I won't bite you. But he said, "What what were you looking at when you were plowing?" And the young man said, "Well, I was watching my hands. I was watching my hands and just making sure I had the good grip on it." And and he said, "Well, but you didn't plow straight. Look at your plow line." He said, "You you you didn't you didn't look at the right thing." And then he goes down to the next boy and he says, "Well, what did you look at?" And he said, "Did you do that cuz I picked on you?" And he said, "Well, I was looking. I was looking at at at my fur row. And he said, "Well, that's you you're you're looking too close to you." He said, "You're you're you're getting off. You're crooked. Your whole furl row is crooked." And then he came to the next boy and said, "You're you're you're the prized one tonight cuz you" And he says, and he says, "Well, what were you looking at?" And he says, "Well, between my two horses," he said, "There was a tree down there." And he said, "I kept watching that tree between them two horses." And he said, "You looked at the right thing." He said, "Look how straight your furrow is." And so we can we can desire everything from God that we that we hear. I you know I've been thinking a lot lately. We're we're blessed to have the message in and book and and tape and and those are great things and we're probably the first generation to have that in in in history. I mean there's few things Moses said here and there and you know we we we have those things written down but but we don't have it like like they didn't have it like we have it. But while that's a blessing, and I hope you understand me now and don't don't throw stones just yet, but it it it's it's it's a blessing, but it's almost got this other side to it. And I don't want to call it a curse, but I just want to call it it's it's something where we we we hear so much of this. We're such a blessed people that that we can we almost over complicate it because we have it, we see it, we can behold it, we can lay and this is what he said here and this is what he said here. But what we find down the road is well what he said here you know he was actually seeing something else. This is what was happening in the background. And so you have to know the background in order to know the reason why he said that. Does that make sense or am I rambling? And so but we can we can get that in our mind and and so when we get in our mind that that that that certain thing or or you know he said you know the take for example the third pool the third pool the spoken word. Well bless God. Now we have people going out and they're just speaking things and thus sayeth the Lord that aren't thus sayaith the Lord. Are you with me? And and you know the the third poll um there was a brother I was I was fellowshipping with and and he said you know we were talking about that tent vision and I said you know it's amazing. I said they were coming out of the tent healed. Not not sick. They were coming out healed but that was a that was a private thing that was over there. It wasn't a great show and typically we try to do things for for show. I mean, we best of intentions. Amen. And uh and and so he just he made this comment and he said, "Yeah, you know, you you look at the ministry today and he said, how many of God's people, you know, were were we're were we're were we're were we're were we're preaching the third pole. We're saying it's the third pole. We're thus sayeth the Lord. God told me." And and we talked a little bit about that last time as as Job's Job's friends. And the one said, "Well, I had a vision. I had a dream." Well, when you start looking at his dream, it's like, "Yeah, I don't know that that was from the Lord." Um, but and it proved not to be, but you know, it's it's when somebody says, "I feel led," or, "God told me," it's really hard to argue with that. You just got to kind of take your hands off of it and watch what happens. But you know, so so he said when when we come out and and different people in ministry dealing with people, if they they're coming out the other side of the tent, out the other side of that little room and they're hurt. They're not healed, they're hurt. And if it was the third pool, they would come out healed, not hurt, because the vision, they were healed. Are you with me? Amen. I I hope you're with me because some of you are looking at me real funny. So I'm just going to keep going. But but my whole point in this is is is we can have we can we're we're blessed with the message. We're blessed with with being able to read it and listen to it. We're blessed to we're blessed to be able to open our Bible. Men died that we could open our Bibles and we can read them ourselves and we can go to God and say, "God, I pray you'd speak to me. Open this scripture. Show me something in your word today." And how many times has it happened? But the the whole purpose, the whole point that I'm trying to get to is you can have this. You can have the message, but if you get your eyes off of Jesus Christ, you're going to plow a crooked furl. You have to keep your eyes on Christ. He's the author and finisher of our faith, but you have to keep your eyes on him. I love that cross right there. Yeah, that's that's you can keep that up. Romans 5:5, therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through the Lord Jesus Christ. So, I want you to catch something now as we as we just try to build my foundation. We're justified by faith. So, he's saying, you have faith, you're justified by it. We have peace with God. By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. So, this is all sounding really good so far. We can all say amen. Verse three. And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also. Why did he have to put that in there? We glory in tribulations also, knowing that tribulation workketh patience. So, I want you to catch something now because this is this is just something that I've been on and and you know, I'm I'm praying, Lord, give me fresh inspiration because this is just pulsing in my heart still and I've been on it maybe too long and so, you know, get Job off the ash heap, but I'm just I'm just got to be obedient to the Lord, too. But we we we we glory in tribulation. So, that the faith is there, but after the faith, there's tribulation. So, you know, there's just been a lot of people who have told, "Well, it's because you're going through this or you're not healed yet or whatever because you don't have faith." And I and I and I can't go along with that. May maybe the Lord will swing me around someday, but I just I can't go along with telling somebody you don't have faith. I can't go along with telling somebody you don't have the Holy Ghost. Only God knows if they have the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost is given, but it's also a growth into perfection. So we can have the Holy Ghost and we can be making, you know, kind of fumbling along and things, but but it's not without the Holy Ghost. So we got to be careful. But that's good, you know. So it it's just it's just to tell somebody that, but we find that they they have faith and yet there's there's this other side after you have faith that you have to go through tribulation. Yeah. So, and he says, "Knowing that tribulation workketh patience, and patience experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost, which is given unto us." But it's it's not until after you're you're you're you're getting patience in you. You're getting you have faith. You know, you look at the stature of a perfect man. Faith is the is the is the is the uh foundation stone. Well, then as we go up then then you add patience to it. You add all these things. So you have faith but you still have there's still character building. That's right. James chapter 1 and verse two. My brethren, count it all joy. Count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this that the trying of your faith workketh patience. And then but let patience have a perfect work that ye may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. So this is this is again you're going to fall you're going to have temptation when you become a Christian that isn't a life of flower and bed of ease. It's that's that's when you become a Christian when you get filled with the Holy Ghost. That that's when the battle starts. That's that's into the promised land. And what did they do in the promised land? They fought for every step that they took. And I tell you, as you as you grow in the Lord and as you get some experience behind you and and and things, you know, you you you you just start to say, you know what, you fight for every inch and sometimes you get knocked back, but some but then you you just get back up and you got to keep fighting because a righteous man will fall seven times. A righteous man will fall seven times, but he's going to get back up one more. But it's the one who works in mischief. He's going to stay down and he's going to just kind of well okay s sur whatever it will be will be and he quits fighting he just here lay down and take it. But a righteous man is going to get up one more time then he falls. But it's so it's the trying of your faith that works patience. Your faith has to be tried. Every every son that cometh to God is is tried. He's he's he's he's chastised because if you're not chastised then you're not a son. Amen. That's the scripture. And let me just I'm going to grab a scripture for you because I thought I could remember it. It's as short as Jesus wept. And now that I'm up here, I can't remember it. So, it's Luke. I know it's in Luke. I just I just want to get it because it's Jesus's words. Luke 21 verse 19. In your patience possess ye your soul. Yeah, that's good. Impatience possess you your soul. Well, what what do you have to go through in order to get patience? Well, James told us, these other writers told us it you have to go through tribulation for your patient to in order to get patience. Because you remember a character, character isn't a isn't something that's just handed to you. Character is a victory. And so, you have to go through things in order to get this character because patience is a virtue. You have to go through things in order to build patience. I meant to set a timer and I didn't. So, u we'll just do our best. So, suffering brings patience, works tribulation to bring patience, of course. Now, patience makes love and makes trust. This is brother Brandham talking. Now, faithful and patience go together. In fact, patience is the outcome of faithfulness. For it says in James 1:3, "The trying of your faith workketh patience." There is absolutely no other way in which to gain patience. It has to come by the trial of your faith. Romans 5:3. Tribulation workketh patience. How highly God regards his his outworking of our patience is seen in James 1:4. But let patience have a perfect work that ye may be perfect and entire, lacking nothing. How do you get there? Through the trying of your faith. Through patience. God's will is is for us is to be per is perfection and that perfection is patience waiting on God and waiting for God. This is the process of character development. That is so good. So we pray God develop my character. God let me have a godly character. But I don't know if we really realize hopefully you still pray that. I mean if you're a son of God you're going to get it anyway. But you know when we say that you know I mean I know we always say you you prayed for what? You prayed for patience, brother. Use wisdom. No, but but it it's it's it's it's the process of character development. When we say we want the character of God, there's a process to it. And and it's this. Now, um somebody sent me um I think it's I I you forgive me. I know it as ODS. I think it's our daily strength or or uh something along those lines. Brother Steven Coffee in that group did it. Hebrews uh 10:36. I just taken a a snippet from it. For ye have need of patience, that after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise. This is just this is just blowing my mind away because after you receive the promise of God, um um what's he what's he say? Yeah, you might receive the promise uh after you've done the will of God. After you've done the will of God, it's going to take some patience in order to get the promise. Right. The word patience that Paul uses in the book of Hebrews means endurance. Endurance means the ability to endure hard things over a long period of time. So I guess what's what's kind of led me to this thought is just watching people in their trials, going through trials myself, but watching people go through trials and and and by all means, God does miracles today just the same. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, not for one minute do I say God the days of miracles has passed, but I just I feel like and and you know, let me let me just give you a testimony. You might have seen it. Sharon Van W in our church going through cancer and different things. God healed her. It it it it came back and she just the other day got a had another MRI scan just looking at what treatment do we go forward with and God completely took it from her without the medical treatment. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, so you you know, you come too late to say God doesn't do miracles, but it wasn't an overnight healing. That was something that Sister Sharon had to endure. That was So, I'm watching people and I'm watching the length of trial sometimes and oh my goodness, it's just God, you know, you you you know, you just you just pray and you say, "If if God is with us, then then where is the God of Elijah? Where is the God that does the miracles? Why is this taking so long?" Well, I believe friends that we're we're so late in the day. We're so close to the coming of the Lord that it said that that unless time was shortened that no flesh would be saved. So that's I mean that's no flesh. That so you can't say well oh but brother that's the sons of God are in there. Well the time shortened for the sons of God. But if time was continued on then this is saying no one's saved. So God's having to short the time. And I just think, my goodness, you know, it's just the the the the the sexual things that we have to endure and and see and and everything. It's just gotten so bad. And and so I think, you know, the we're crying out, "God, come quickly, Lord Jesus." But but you know, so it's just the length of these things has just been been just turning over in my heart and wondering, well, why is that? But so endurance means the ability to do hard things over a long period of time. As a believer, you have the power of God behind you. If you stand in his word, you can endure the test of time in the harshest of circumstances. The Lord is faithful and always with you. When you have endured and you keep on going, you will receive the promise because remember, it's not him that starts, but him that finishes the race. So, keep pressing on in faith. Don't give up. Now, I came across just as I've, you know, going through that that that trial of of of sickness that I went through and things. I' I came across this quote and and I've been dying to read it. I got to read it the other night to a to a group and so I'm going to read it to you tonight. Revelations 3:10. This is this is Let me tell you where this is because I'm going to give you just a little homework. Um school's out for the summer. We don't do homework, but this is just good. It's it's you should do it. The Philadelphiaian Church Age um exposition of the church age book and it's under the eulogy and the promise. So, Revelations 3:10, because thou hast kept the word of my patience, this is this is Christ talking. Because thou has kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon the world to try them that dwell upon the earth. Now, now I know I'm reading, but really try to lock in because this is a key I I think to my message to you tonight. What does he mean by the word of patience? Hebrews 6:13-15. For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swore by himself, saying, "Surely blessing, I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee." And so after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. So Abraham is given this great promise. Okay? You see, the spirit is speaking about the word of God, which is given to us. To wait for the fulfillment of that word required patience even as it did in the case of Abraham. He endured as seeing him who is invisible. He was patient and then the word finally was fulfilled. So I just I just want to step back. I'm going to get ahead of myself, but I told you I don't like my notes anyway. It it's it's he endured as seeing he him who's invisible. He was patient and and and then the word was finally fulfilled. So when we pray, this this is why I'm saying we we we were blessed in this generation to have a prophet of God. And in that in those meetings, we have it on tape. We hear these things where somebody comes up and he he, you know, okay, well, it's, you know, he'll even say it's even obvious you you have crippled legs, you know, your crippled hand, but you know, and then he prays for me. Oh, there they go. They're taking off around the building and you're on a stretcher. just get up off the stretcher in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. So, you know, your name's this. You live here and this and that. And he says, and oh, there they go. They're up off their stretcher. Just just get your legs. You'll be okay. And there they go. And so, we're used to hearing that. And so, we think, well, bless God. I'm going to go get prayed for. I'm going to walk out of here well. And then when you don't walk out of here, well, you say, "Well, what was wrong? What happened? What was what was what was that?" And and so you you understand God did something great in this hour and it builds our faith to hear those things, but then we can come with a false expectation and we think we're standing on the word, but it's our own interpretation of the word. Now, I know I know that's going to not sit well with some of you too good, but just bear with me. We'll keep going. We'll get through this together. This is the way God teaches his people patience. Why? If he fulfilled, now listen, that's good. Now I'm going to preach to mature sons and daughters. If he fulfilled his word and physical manifestation, the very instant you prayed, you would never learn patience, but would become more impatient with life. Let me show you this truth even more fully set forth. Hebrews 11:17. By faith, Abraham, when he was tried, offered up Isaac, and he that had received uh and he that had received the promise, the word of God, offered up his only begotten son. There it is. Abraham was tried after he received the word of promise. Most think that as soon as we pray in Jesus' name over the good promises of God, that there could not be a trial. But here it says that Abraham was tried after he received the promise. Now, there's just a little feeling of resistance. I just want to make it clear that I'm I'm reading the words of the prophet. But here it was that Abraham was tried after he received the promise. Um, that is exactly correct. According to the psalmist referring to Joseph, Psalms 105:19, until the time that his word came, the word of the Lord tried him. God gives us exceeding great and precious promises. He has promised to fulfill them, and he will. Yes, he will. But from the time we pray until the time we get the answer, we must learn to receive patience into our souls. For only in patience do we possess life. May God help us to learn this lesson even as we know the people of the sixth age learn patience. Of the people of the Hebrews faith chapter learned patience. Uh uh we we read the history of the lives of these great Christians. What a contrast we see between their lives and ours. for they were so patient and quiet. And today we are all but overcome in overpatience and haste. And that's not completely our fault because we're living in a Satan's Eden in the leady and age where you can get it now. And so it's it's not just just to say, well, we know the promises of God. We heard what happened. This this generation is is could I could I word it this way? Is breeding us to be impatient. It's breeding us to to be hurry up and wait. Yes, sir. I'll testify. I I've been I've actually been sick for a while here, too. and um found out that I had pneumonia, got on a steroid and antibiotic, went, you know, a ways past that and went back to the doctor because I still wasn't feeling well and I'm on another antibiotic. So, every now and then if I cough, it's just lingering [Music] pneumonia. May God help us to learn this lesson even as we know the people. Okay. So, um, all right. He goes on to say to say to them, "Because ye have taken my word and lived it, and thereby become patient, I will keep you from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon the world to them that dwell upon the earth." Now, here again, we see the overlapping of the two ages. And this promise has to do with the end of the gentile period, which culminates in the great tribulation. You say, "Well, brother, are you saying we're going through tribulation? I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon the world to try them that dwell upon the earth. This verse is not a declaration that the true church will go into and through the tribulation. If it meant that, it would have said it. But it said, I will keep thee from the hour of temptation. This temptation is exactly like the temptation in Eden. It will be very inviting proposition held up in direct opposition to God's commanded word. And yet from the standpoint of human reasoning, it will be it will seem so very right, so enlightening and life-giving as to fool the world only the very elect will not be fooled. So your homework would be to pick it up from this and you'll see what's supposed to happen from now until the coming of the Lord. It's just a decent sized paragraph, but it's really good. So this just brought me to to realize why does God linger? Why do we go through such times of waiting on the Lord? There's a great purpose in God's mind. We will need patience in order for it. It it would deceive the very elect if it were possible. You need patience in order to not be deceived. Why isn't it possible? Because she's learned patience and thus God grants her to be kept from the hour of temptation. And and and I say, you know, when you read, if you would just read the rest of that that little eulogy there, because you'll see exactly with this new pope and different things happening. I mean, you you're looking, they're they're they're saying, well, we're going to cut funds and we're going to we're going to come up with the money to to to balance this budget. Well, right now, everyone's crying, hey, the budget's we're still the debt's still going up. We're at 36 trillion. And then you look at, you know, not saying it is. I'm not just, you know, could it be you get a man in there that's making all these deals? And so just a week ago or so, um, uh, the news said that Trump was actually encouraging Ukraine and Russia to go speak to the Pope who gave an invitation to come to the Vatican. And so you just I'm not saying it is, but you just say, could it be? I mean, we know we're closer than we've ever been. That's right. And so these things are just they're going to start firing off quicker than what we can what we know is happening. So it's just it's good to be to know where we're at. So I just I just want to talk just a little bit about faith. What time did you give it to me? I know I know you went a little long. You were a little long. So I got a little bit of length. I can go. I'm just teasing. I so as I've been listening to different things and and just just over time pull pulling notes together I came across something brother Lonnie Jenkins said and he said it hinders our faith looking for something that God didn't promise rather than resting in the word. He said we scar our own faith looking for something God didn't promise. We can come presuming or even be enthusiastic. Brother Brandham said these things rather than it being true faith. Enthusiasm has the opposite effect and hinders our faith when we don't get what we're looking for. So you come and you're or you you you know you come to somebody and you say, "Thus sayith the Lord, God spoke to me and this is going to happen to you and then it doesn't happen." That actually hinders faith. That doesn't encourage faith. That hinders faith. And you and then you know I just just gonna deal with this for a moment because I feel to you say, "Oh, that that was that was them. They didn't believe." No, you need to go back and check your prophecy. Yeah. Come on now. Because if you misspoke and it wasn't the Lord, then you should be repenting. Because we know that that brother Brandham said, if if somebody prophesies and it doesn't come to pass, there's an evil spirit working among you. And so we must be careful. We must be certain that God is speaking and it's not just our enthusiasm. You know, I I I have a great feeling for people. And so when I see somebody in a need, I just, you know, I in myself, I can feel faith rising. God, I want that person to be well. And if I'm not careful, I can go to that person and say, you know, God, God, God just laid you on my heart. This is the way to do it. God laid you on my heart. Can I pray for you? Sure. But if you say, "God, God said, you know, God told me this and this is going to happen to you. I just I believe it. I feel it with all my heart." You better be careful because if it doesn't come to pass, then you got you got two problems working there. You and the person's faith could be hindered by you. Yes, sir. And if you need if you need an example in the prophet's life, then if you go read the supernatural books, you'll find where he's calling out for miracles. He's calling the miracle lines. And the angel of the Lord rebukes him for it. And he tells the prophet, he says, "You're putting too much emphasis on miracles." Now, I want you to I want you to catch this. Yeah. The angel of the Lord, who was doing the healing through a prophet, telling him what to say, discerning the hearts of the people. And and you think, you know, I mean, brother Brandon was sincere as sincere could be. This is the listen, this is our messenger. This is the prophet of this day. And thank God for his transparency because he said I was I was doing wrong because I was saying if you want to see a miracle then then bring me your worst case. And the angel of the Lord corrected him and he said, "You're putting too much emphasis on a miracle if you if you keep going the way you are. If the people won't believe unless they see a miracle." Now, this is the angel of the Lord who said, "If you can get the people to believe, then nothing will stand in the way, not even cancer." And now he's saying, "Hey, you're doing this wrong. This isn't what I told you to do. You're going to you're going to call for miracles, and unless they see it, they're not going to believe you." So you're you're really the prophet was in in jeopardy of hindering his commission direct from the angel of the Lord. Amen. Are you with me? I I don't believe I'm preaching strange doctrine. So sorry I didn't catch that in time. So what do what do we do? What do we do when we when we pray for somebody? when you come up here and and you you you know you're following scripture, right? Let them lay let the call for the elders. Let them lay hands on the sick and they shall recover, right? Anoint anoint with oil the prayer of faith will save the will save the sick. We have all of these promises in God's word. So, what's the what's the what's the proper way to come to the front? Well, I'm I'm going to I'm going to just do say some other things. I'm already I'm already way out there. Let me say this so I don't forget it. But I believe that the way to come up and to to have those to to to um what's the right word? Um to carry out the word of God is to come up when you come up to be prayed for. You you you keep it in your mind. Keep the scripture in your mind. They'll lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. They lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. anoint with oil. Pastor, would you anoint me with oil? I I don't feel good. Not well, we'll get to that in a minute. Would you anoint me with oil? I don't feel good. The thing to do is to stand right there on those scriptures. To stand right there on the word of God, not just healing. Whatever you have need of finances, I my father owns a cattle on a thousand hills. You know, you you you we grab these scriptures. This is you're keeping your keep your eyes between the horses on the tree, the tree of Calvary. Keep your eyes on Calvary. But you come up and you say, you know, this is my need. And and you get you you get prayed for. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. You go away rejoicing. The prophet said, go away rejoicing. He he would tell you, he said, I I might not see that they were healed, but go away rejoicing. Just keep claiming the word. And you go away and you stand on the word of God. But you don't come up here saying, "I'm going to leave here right now healed." Yeah. There you go. But you stand on the word. You hold on to the word and let God work the timing out. There you go. Your responsibility isn't the timing. Yeah. Your responsibility is just to believe the word of God. And if you believe the word of God, there's two instances that I had that I'm not going to read the quotes, but but um it's it's the there was two women come through the prayer line. Is it okay to talk about the prayer lines? to to to to they came up and they got prayed for. They came the prophet laid the prophet talked to them. He he told them where they lived. He told them their names, right? They walked away from that platform not not with a with with not a physical manifestation of that healing. And you know the prophet said it was probably two or three weeks later she was washing her dishes, one of them, right? And as she was washing her dishes, she just felt something come over her and and I think it was the gorder, I can't remember. Fell off. There was a man come through. And you remember he said he was he was blind. I think I think it was John John Ryan, I think, was his name. He comes on the platform and and and the prophet tells him, you know, just not not the prophet. Now, let's back that up. Not the prophet, Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ through the prophet says, "This is this is your name. This is what you're here for." And he and he goes off the platform. He comes back on the platform and Brother Brandham says he says, "Didn't didn't I pray for you?" "Yeah, you prayed for me, but but I'm I I can't see yet." He said, "I'm I'm I'm I'm still blind. I can't see yet. I I thought you said I was well." And Brother Brandham says, "I thought you said you believed. There you go. Yeah. Well, what do I do? And and and and he says, I am going to get so messed up here. Let me just let me just find it because I got it at the bottom of my notes just in case. And now we're here. Um he says, "I do believe you. I have no reason not to believe you. You've you've you've told me all things in my life. I don't know what to do. There was a woman back there testifying of a goiter a few minutes ago and it's gone. Then if you and I said then if you believe me why are you questioning me? I'm telling you the word of God. He said what must I do? He said knowing he was a Catholic and had to have some physical thing that he could hold to just keep testifying. By his stripes I'm healed. He went away from that meeting still blind. Am I doing that, brother? Just keeping you awake on a Wednesday night. He went away Thursday. Hello. Where am I? So he went away still blind again. Brother Brandham said two or three weeks. That man was going coming in tearing up meetings. You know, thank God I'm healed. Thank God. And he goes and he sits in a barber chair one day and they're starting to make fun of him. Thank God. He says, "I thought you said you're healed. I praise God, I'm healed." And then all of a sudden, his eyes were open two or three weeks later after being in the presence of the angel of the Lord after after having the the prophet touch him. Are you with me? Two or three weeks, right? So, we can't come up here. We can't we can't sit in our seats. Let me get to this because this is this is something that God I am just go ahead God. So the scripture says they'll lay hands on the sick and they shall be shall recover. Do you know that's a Jewish tradition? The Jews had to have something like that. Lay hands on the sick. You know the scripture that well if you just come to my house and if you do that we're not Jews. We're Gentiles. We're called to something greater. Yeah. And and and that's that's a lot to say because the Jews, we know they're God's people, but you're Gentiles. You're God's bride. You're the bride of Jesus Christ. So, you have a different commission. You have a different you have a different anointing upon your faith that you don't have to wait to come up to the end of the service. You don't have to wait to have the pastor lay hands on you. And you certainly don't have to wait for a special meeting when they're going to call a prayer line or or or the certain minister is going to be there because you I mean that's great if you have faith in them. That's great. But you know you you know brother Hannah you can have your wife lay hands on you. That's right. And that's the fulfillment of the scripture. They'll lay hands on the sick. Why? Because you're a believer. Amen. And these signs shall follow them that believe. And so we're Gentiles. And so while Peter yet spake the words, they received the Holy Ghost. So while the word is going forth, if God will anoint your faith, you can have your healing while I'm preaching. You don't have to come up front and have you're called to something greater. You remember the Gentile was the one who said, "But but Lord, even the dogs get the crumbs from the table." The Gentile was the one that said, "I'm not worthy for you to come under my house. Just speak the word." That's what you're called to. So that's what you know, brother Brandham said. He said, "I long for the day." There's something about those steps. He said, "I long for the day to to see." He said, "I've only seen it one time." He said, "I long for the day to see the entire congregation healed at one spontaneous move of God." He says, "I've seen it one time." They were ly they were piling up CS. They were piling up stretchers. They were just everything. And he said, "I've seen it one time. I long to see it again." And so, so he's he's trying to build faith. And and you know, I long to see that. I long to see when everyone in the congregation, what's the key? Accepts the word doesn't have some preconceived idea of what it means. Doesn't have some preconceived idea that I I must go up and have lay hands on, but but you believe in your seat that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He He can pass by you tonight while you're in your sleep. He He's walking the aisles. The angels are on the outskirts watching there. We're in the presence of of heavenly beings tonight. There is no limitations to what you can have this evening. That's right. And you don't have to come up here to get it. That's right. You don't have to go through a prayer line to get it. That brother Brandham talks about the prayer lines and he says he says that he referring to laying on of hands. He said that's a Jewish tradition. the prayer lines. That's a tradition of of days gone by. Will we have prayer lines still? We will. Did Brother Brandham have prayer lines even though he said that he didn't want to? He did. Did he have altar calls? He did, but that wasn't the way it was supposed to be. Those are traditions that we look for as people as as human beings. But the the the thing to do is to believe the word of God. That's what we're called to. That's what that's what your your faith can be anointed to. So you say, "I'm I'm not there yet, Brother Brandon. I I I'm I'm failing. I'm just what what do I and we get worked up and No, no, no, no, no. Don't don't do that. Let me find you something here. Go all the way back up in my notes. Let me just read you. These are these are the prophet's words. Now, this is what I wanted to something I wanted to say. Let's say, praise the Lord. There's the cursedness of passing through the prayer line after after prayer line. When you accept your healing, don't you never go through another prayer line. You you let that settle it forever. See, every time you come back, it makes it that much harder. That much harder. That much harder. See, it breaks it. That's good. He actually says when you go through a prayer line and you come back now around, he said there's that cursedness of the prayer line. That's the prophet of God, not Brandon Cynakola. That's so I forgot what I was trying to find you. You know, Brother Brandham, he actually says, and I I've got it here, but I'm I am so lost in my notes. He says in in the trial, the message called the trial, he calls three three witnesses for for the unbelievers. And he says, he says, "Now I'm going to call to the stand, Mr. Impatient." And he says, "Oh, he's a he's a rascal." And it's that whole thing about about believing something that's not true in the word. And and that whole thing, that's that's where I got that from is the message of Mr. Impatient. He's a rascal. Um remember, and and I just I just love these words just jumped out to me. Remember, no longer how, no matter how much it lingers, yet it's got to happen. It's got to happen. He says in other places, sometimes God lingers. Sometimes God lingers. What's the purpose? Because you have to be you. Patience needs birthed in you. Patience needs to grow in you. You need to be perfected to the perfecting of the saints. How do you do it? Through patience, we learn how to possess these vessels. That's so good. Through patience, you learn how to possess your soul. Are you Are you with me tonight? If you give me just 15 minutes, we'll be done. Oh my Where do we Where do we grab from here? So, let me let me just encourage you. You come up and you get prayed for and you walk away and you don't notice anything different. Stand on the word of God. Amen. That doesn't mean you didn't get your healing. That's right. That means you've you've accepted the promise of God and now you have some endurance to go through before you receive the promise, before you receive the physical manifestation. Oh my goodness. Exodus 15 says God speaking for I am the Lord that health thee. Psalms 103, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits." Don't you dare forget his benefits. Yeah, there you go. They're promised to you. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities? Who healthth all thy diseases? Hallelujah. Who redeemth thy life from destruction. Who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies. who satisfyth thy mouth with good things, so thy youth is renewed like the eagles. Amen. So good. After he had patiently endured, he he he uh he obtained the promise. Can you do this the same thing this morning? Can you set your faith and say, "It's thus sayeth the Lord." And no matter what comes or what does, whether today is easy, tomorrow's hard, the next day they're teasing you, the next day they're making fun of you, the next day they say I'm crazy, I endure. Can you say amen? Endure is patience. You need patience to endure. After not before he endured, but after he endured, he obtained the promise. Amen. Oh my, there it is. You see, brother, that shakes all devils and everything else away. No matter how hard it comes, what it looks like, what anybody says, I want I I want to with patience, not fretting. Now, person can't have patience and fretting at the same time. You just got to set your sails right straight there. and walk right on. No matter what takes place, move right on. Listen, I'm going to say something. Look, faith, this is what I was wanting. Faith is unconscious. Amen. You believe it. That's good. You you we're we're constantly because we know, he says, if if you can just believe, if you have faith and you, well, God, if I can just believe, if I can just have faith, what do you do? You start fretting. Yeah. Because I know I got to have faith. Without faith, it's impossible to please God. So God, I got to I got to have faith. God, give me faith. God, give me faith. And you start fretting. What are you doing? You're actually hindering it. Faith is something that's unconscious. You got faith and you don't know it. That's right. A little further down, he was simply Jesus calming the storm. He was simply unconscious of fear or anything around him. That's right. Whether it was going to happen or whether it wasn't going to happen, he knowed it was going to happen because God said so. You know it's going to happen because God said so. God said, "I'm the Lord that heals all your diseases." God said, "I've never seen my children forsaken or begging for bread." That's right. So, you know it's going to happen. Yes, sir. He didn't say, "Oh, have I prayed through? Wonder if I fasted long enough. Wonder if I did this." He just walked right on unconscious. That's right. He believed that God w said was the truth. The true the the the words must be fulfilled and he knowed that his life was to fulfill them. That's right. Your life is to fulfill the word of God. Amen. You're placed on this earth to fulfill the word of God. You are the word of God. Hallelujah. Walk unconscious of criticism. Walk unconscious unto the world. Walk as you walk in Christ. Walk with him, not paying any attention. The right hand or the left, just keep moving on. If something comes up in the church, walk with God. Hallelujah. If sickness strikes you, walk with God. If the neighbor don't like you, walk with God. Just keep on walking with God. Walk with God. Doctor says you're going to die, walk with God. Yeah. Doctor says you can't. Well, walk with God. Just walk with God. That's all. For God has promised, I'll never leave you nor forsake you. Hallelujah. I'll be with you to the end of the world. And he took an oath by that covenant that he gave you. And he could and he would confirm it. Just walk with God. Then you'll have your ups and downs. That's right. Don't worry. That's good. You got to go through brier patches, over sharp rocks, over bluffs, down over the hillside, up through the mountains, over waters. But God, but walk with God. Yes, sir. There's so many hills to climb upward. You've heard that old song, but how little it'll seem when you get to the other end. So good. Amen. Hallelujah. That's good. Well, to be fair, I think you gave it to me at 7:22, so I think I've gone an hour. You're You're I just Thank you again. You're easy to preach to. I appreciate that. Musicians, if you want to come and if you want to stand to your feet, let me just try to just throw in a couple more things here. We're to run with patience. Patience is endurance. So, you could say, "We're to run with patience." We're to run with endurance. Patiently waiting for the fulfillment of prophecy. Brother Brandham said, "Faith waits with patience for the promised word to be fulfilled." Patience is mentioned many times in in in the in the message and in the scripture. Patience and longsuffering go hand in hand, right? Be patient with one another. Wait on one another. Be servants to one another. Don't be bigger than somebody else. Try to see how little you can be. Goodness, there was that that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. You say, "How can I wait any longer?" Just keep on waiting. When you've done all you can to stand, then stand. Just Just stand. How am I going to do it? Stand. He said it's the truth, and it's the truth. He said it'll happen. How? I don't know. But it'll happen. He said so. He promised it. If he promised it, it's got to happen. That's all. It can't waste. He don't waste words. That's good. Yeah. My there's just speaking of the young man named Garnet. He was preach brother Brandham's preaching a funeral and he and he let me just paraphrase this. He talks about this young man and and the young man said bound to uh I think a a wheelchair and he had um polio I think with is that the the iron lung he was in that tube and just just a what we would look at and say that what a what a miserable life what a bound life and but the young man said he said I wouldn't swap this for 10,000 lives like that looking at the other boys and hot rodding and drinking and gallivanting he said I wouldn't trade this because he knew the Lord. But God had to throw him in that stage. Brother Brandham said, that's to get out of him to serve the purpose. Look at his patience, his testimonies among you neighbors. Look what he was, what how his his little life was spoke to you uh many many of you that day of the judgment without that. That his life will testify right back against you. He was an example of what God wanted him. He served God's purpose. says, "As long as I live here, I suppose I'll always remember that gallant little soldier rocking on that bed in the iron lung between breasts, praising the Lord. He was an example to for me of his patience, never to complain, but the will of God be done. Thou h thou hast placed him before us, and now thou has taken him uh out of our presence." There's just a I mean, that's amazing. Yeah. How do we lay aside the weights that that the scripture said? You you follow that back and it it goes right back to casting all our cares upon him. Amen. Because he cares for you. Amen. At the end of the trials, you know, when when when God gives God gives that I'm the Lord that heals all your diseases. You can play something soft, brother. Go ahead. I'm the Lord that heals all your diseases. Right after that, they were they were in a trial. They came to bitter water. God provided, but they came to bitter water. They're three days out of the wilderness, murmuring, complaining, "This water's bitter. We got nothing to drink. We got nothing to eat." God says, "None of the plagues will come on you. I am the God that heals all your diseases." And then it says that they they threw the the tree. They threw a tree. They threw a cross into the bitter waters of life and they became sweet waters. Only God can do that. Amen. But they threw that in. And then the scripture says, "And they dwelt there, and there were 12 deep wells, many other places to drink from, and palm trees." So after this trial of bitter water, Yeah. God gave them shade from the trial. God turned what was bitter water into sweet. It may take it may take a long time. But if if and listen, I know I know it's hard. I know it's hard to endure. I know when we go through hard things that we don't understand that it it gets really difficult to hold on. It gets difficult to keep your eyes on the word of God. Sometimes God forbid it, but sometimes we can get angry at God because we know that God God h you have the power, but why did you let this go? Well, it could be a situation like this boy. If God would if he would have had health, he he might have been out there. He might have died in a car accident as a drunk, but God took him and put him in this position. And what a testimony he was. And at the end of his life, he said, "I wouldn't trade this for nothing." Why? Because he knew God. Because he knew God. So hard to find an end tonight. But if you just bow your hearts with me, we'll just we'll pray and then I'll turn it over to these brothers. But Hallelujah. I just I just wonder if you're weary tonight, if you're going through trial, if you're weary, if you just want to make lift your hand to the Lord. Amen. Hands up everywhere. My hands up, too. We all go through things and we get weary. Father, I pray Lord that tonight that this this group of your bride would just be able to come under those those trees in the shade away from the trial for a minute, drink the cool water, the cool sweet water that you provide in your word. And Lord, the trial might not go away when they leave here. It might meet them as soon as they walk out the door. But Lord, I pray for strength and I pray for understanding. I pray for balance. Lord, that's my heart is just balance. Somebody might accuse me of preaching the days of miracles has passed, but I I know my heart. I know you do miracles. We've seen them. Sister Sharon's just a recent example. There's probably other examples in this church recently, but but Lord, Sister Sharon had to go through that in order for there to be a testimony. And we know that you don't just throw us into into sickness. That's you don't bring sickness on us. That's that's Satan that does that. That's Satan that would bring sickness on us that makes that would maybe take take a loved one. But Lord, yet you you use it for your glory. and that sickness that took our loved one was just a vehicle to get them from this life over into your presence. And now if we could talk to them, they'd say, "Don't don't call me back. Don't grieve for me. I'm in a much better place." And so God, I just ask that you would bless this congregation there. There's no doubt in my mind that there are long, hard trials. The people testified of it with their uplifted hands. But I pray that those same uplifted hands would lift up just now and worship you. The God, the creator of the universe who even though these trials are going on, even though Job was called into a hard trial, yet you stood watching the entire time and Satan had boundaries. You gave Satan boundaries and you made sure that he didn't cross them. So even though sometimes we can't feel you, maybe you're standing behind us in the fire keeping the heat off of us. We don't feel you. We don't see you. But Lord, I just pray that tonight. Let let your people feel you. Let your people see you through the through the word, through one another. Lord, this has been a a real good group to preach to. They they've they've really pulled tonight and So Lord, I just I just pray God that I wouldn't have got in the way at any time, but that they would see Jesus, that they would see you in a more clear light, and that they would just fall more in love with you. Even in the hardships of life, they'd see that if we just cast our cares upon you, you said you'd care for that need in ourstead. We don't have to care about it because you care. Bless your people now. They're wonderful people. Just bless them, I pray. Bless the pastor as he ministers away. Keep the flock. Protect them. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not fail. Oh, teach me Lord and teach me to sing the chorus once again. Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me, Lord. Teach me, Lord, to wait. Yes, Lord. Let's make this a prayer tonight. Teach me, Lord, to when I'm down on my knees till in your own good time. You answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait. Oh, in prayer for an answer from you. And they that way upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an [Music] eagle. Oh, they shall run and not be weary. Yes. Yes, Lord. Help us, Lord. Oh, teach me, Lord. Teach me, Lord, to Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, teach me Lord to way. My hearts are of the lamb. Lord, help me humble my pride and to call on your name, Lord. Keep my faith. Renew us. Keep my eyes on me. Help me be on this earth what you want me to. Oh yes, granted Lord. So they that wait upon Lord shall renew their strength. For they shall mount up with wings as an [Music] eagle. Oh, they shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me, Lord. Yes, teach me, Lord. Lord to let's make that prayer. Sing a second verse once again. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord. While hearts are [Music] afflued. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, yes. Help me be on this earth. Lord, what you want me to be so that that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. Oh, they shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Oh, teach me Lord to. Oh, they shall run and not be weery. They shall walk and not faint. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me low to win. Let's sing through it all. Through it all. Amen. Let's sing this little chorus. Amen. For dismissed. Amen. How knows that through it all. Amen. We're going to learn. We're going to trust in Jesus. Amen. Amen. Oh, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all. Yes. I've learned to depend upon his word. Amen. Let's sing this now. For I've had many tears and sorrow. I've had questions for tomorrow. There have been times I didn't know right from wrong. Oh my. But in every situation, yes, God gave blessing consolation that my trials only come to make me strong. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, through it all. [Music] All through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I have learned to trust in God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, through it all. Oh, through it all. Oh, yes. I will learn to depend upon his word. Let's sing this verse now. I've been a lot of places and I've seen so many faces. Oh yes, there have been times I felt so alone alone. Oh my. But it was in that lonely hour. It was in that precious lonely hour that my Lord, my Jesus, let me know that I was his own. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Oh, through it all. Yes. through it all. Yes. I've learned to trust in Jesus. And I'll learn to trust in God. Oh, now through it [Music] all. Yes. Through it all. Oh yes. I were to depend upon his word. Oh, hallelujah. Let's just thank God tonight. So, I thank God for my mountains and I thank him for all the valleyies. Yes. Lord, I thank him for all the storms that he's brought me through. Yes. Hallelujah. Cuz if I never would have a problem, I just wouldn't know that my God could solve them. Oh my. I wouldn't even know what faith in the word of God would do. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, through it all. Yes. through it all. Yes, I have learned to trust in Jesus tonight. I have learned to trust in my God. And I can sing through it all. Oh, hallelujah. I'm out there to depend upon his word. Oh, let's just thank the Lord just one more time tonight. Let's thank him for the mountains. So, I thank God for my mountains and I want to thank him for my valleyies. Yes, Lord. Oh, I thank him for all the storms he's brought me through. Oh, cuz if I never would have a problem, I wouldn't know my God could solve it. I just wouldn't know what faith in his work can [Applause] do. And I can say that through it all, by your grace, Lord, through it all. Oh yes, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I have learned to trust in my God. Oh yes, through it all. Oh, through it all. Oh yes, I've learned to depend upon his word. And yes, I've learned to depend upon his word. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing this. By his word. Let's sing this before we go. Oh, I'll [Laughter] prevail. Oh yes. Oh, by his word I'll never fail. I'll never fail. [Music] By his word, oh by his [Music] word, how love. Oh, by his word I overcome the I will prevail. By his grace, by his grace, I'll prevail. I'll preail. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, it's by him. Oh, his amazing grace. Oh, I will never fail. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, by his [Music] grace. I shall over love. By his grace I will overcome and I will prevailing. By his love, yes, it's by his love. Oh, I'll prevail. Oh, I'll [Laughter] [Music] prevail. Oh, by his love I'll never fail. I'll never fail. Oh, it's by his love I'll overcome. I will overcome. Oh, by his love I'll overcome. Yes, I will. Amen. Just one more time. By his word, I'll prevail. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, it's by his word. Oh, I'll [Applause] [Music] pre Oh, by his word. I'll never I'll [Music] never [Music] for his word. I shall over [Music] love. Yes. By his own word, I overcome. I will prevail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. By his word, we're going to prevail. Amen. By his faith, we'll prevail. Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads just one more time for dismiss. Dear kind, gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we Lord, just so appreciate your word tonight, Lord Jesus, what you spoke to us, Lord, through your servant, Lord. And Lord, we know, Lord, we know it was you, Lord, because Lord, it was, Lord, the different things that were spoken tonight, Lord. We know that our pastor even spoke about these things, Lord Jesus, even on midweek, Lord. And we so thank you for that, Lord Jesus. That Lord, that Lord Jesus, that Lord, Lord, you have everything all in control, Lord Jesus. and let Lord Jesus Lord you know every need Lord that we everything that we have need of Lord you already know all about it Lord Jesus and we thank you Lord that you continue to steal Lord deal with our hearts Lord and continue to just teach us Lord Jesus and help us Lord Jesus Lord as that song said Lord I'm learning to lean upon you Lord Jesus Lord I just thank you tonight Lord for all the brothers and sisters I know for myself Lord that Lord you spoke to me tonight and I I just want to say thank you Lord Lord thank you is Not even enough, Lord. But I so thank you for your grace. Lord, I'm so thankful for your word, Lord Jesus. Your presence, Lord Jesus. Lord, for there's nothing like it, Lord Jesus. All my brothers and sisters, Lord, they can say the same, too, Lord. You spoke to our hearts tonight, Lord Jesus. And we so thank you for that. Heavenly Father, I just pray, Lord, you'd be with each and every one, Lord Jesus. Those, Lord Jesus, that may be still going through different things, maybe different battles, Lord Jesus. Lord, we know one thing. We know that, Lord, you're with us, Lord Jesus. And Lord, you said you'd be with us, Lord. Even in even in us, Lord, even till the end of time, Lord. That's a promise, Lord, that you made to us, Lord Jesus, in this hour, Lord. We see these things that are coming around, Lord Jesus. We see, Lord Jesus, prophecy is being fulfilled every each and every moment, Lord Jesus. You told us to look up and lift up our heads. Amen, Lord Jesus. And what thankful, Lord Jesus, for the grace, Lord, that you're still holding us, Lord Jesus. That you're still teaching us, Lord Jesus. Lord, I'm so thankful for that, Lord. Lord Jesus, may we just continue to have hearts, Lord, to receive and to learn from you, Lord. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord Jesus. Lord, we love you tonight, Lord. Pray you bless Brother Brandon. Lord Jesus, may you give our brother strength, Lord. Bless him and his ministry, his family, Lord, the church, Lord. We also want to say we thank you for the praise and support for Sister Sharon, Veron White, Lord, that you healed her from cancer. We so thank you for that tonight, Lord. What a mighty God we serve. What a healing God we serve, Lord. We thank you for that, Lord. God, we just pray, Lord, you continue to be with each and every one of our brothers and sisters, Lord, until we until you should bring us, Lord, until the time until we should meet again, Lord Jesus. May we not depart from your presence, Lord, for you won't depart from us, Lord. We love you. We thank you. We commit the rest of the evening to your hands in Jesus precious name. Amen. The saints said, "Amen." Amen. And so be it. Amen. Hallelujah. It's been good to be in the house of God tonight. Amen. Man, God bless you. All may be dismissed. We'll see you the Sunday, Lord willing. Amen. Amen. Sing through the fire. Through the [Music] fire. So many times I've questioned certain circumstances and things I could not understand. [Music] So many times and trials. Oh, my weakness, my vision. And that's when my frustration gets so out of hand. Oh, but it's I am reminded I've never been forsaken. Oh, I've never had to stand on one test so long. That's when I look back at all my victories. The spirit rises up in me and it's through the fire. My weakness is made sure. Oh, for he never promised that your cross would not get heavy and your heel would not be hard to love. Oh, he never offered. Oh, victories without a fighting. But he said would always come on time. Oh, so just remember where you're standing in your valley of decision and the adversary says give on him but just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through the fire again. So many times, oh, so many times I question the certain circumstances, things that I could not understand. So many times and trials my weakness blurs my vision. That's when my frustration gets so out [Applause] of but it's my I've never been forsaken. Oh, I never had the sense alone. That's when I look back at all my victories. The spirit rises up in me. And it's through the fire. My weakness is made strong. Oh, he never promised that my cross would not get heavy that he would not be hard to Oh, he never offered my victories without a fight, but he set always for So just remember where you're standing and your body of decision and the adversary says give on him but just hold on. I know my Lord's going to show up and he will take you through the fire again. [Music] Oh, I know within myself that I will surely perish. But if I trust the mighty hand of God, he will shield the flames again. Yes, he will again. at all. He never promised that my cross would not get heavy and my he would not be hard. Won't be hard to climb. No, no, no. He'd never offer my victories without fighting. But he said help would always come on time. So just remember where you're standing in your body of decision and your adversary says give you on him just hold on cuz I know my Lord's going to show up and he will take you through the fire again. So just hold on. My old show up and he will take you through the fire again. [Music]
