################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - We Are Redeemed 2 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-31
Title:   We Are Redeemed 2 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t599FmkTTn0
========================================

Oh, and if anybody asks you just who I am, oh, you can tell them that I am redeemed. Amen. How many's glad to say that this morning that you're redeemed? Amen. Oh, I am redeemed. I've been born with a price for my Lord Jesus has changed my whole life. Yes, Lord. And if anybody asks you just who I am, oh, you can tell them that I am redeemed. Oh, that sounds real good. Let's just sing that once again to the Lord. Oh, I am redeemed. This morning I've been bought with the price. Oh my Lord Jesus. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Yes he has. Amen. Thank you Jesus. And if anybody ask you oh just who I am. Oh, this morning you can tell them that I am redeemed. Let's all stand amen. Let's just sing it just once again. Just one more time. Oh, I am redeemed. Oh, I have been bought with a price. For Jesus has changed my whole life. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and if anybody asks you just who I am, oh, you can tell them that I am real. Oh, and if anybody asks you, oh, just who I am, who you can tell them that I am redeemed. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh yes. Aren't you glad that you're redeemed this morning? Amen. Aren't you glad that he's redeemed you? Amen. That he's called you, Amen, unto his own. Amen. Aren't you so glad about that this morning? Amen. I tell you what, Amen. We're certainly a privileged people this morning. Amen. Amen. God has given us another day to serve him. He's given us breath in our bodies. Amen. Amen. We just can't praise him and thank him enough. Amen. Oh, I tell you. Amen. So thankful for his mercy this morning and his goodness. Amen. Amen. Can we just have just a few prayer requests this morning, man? How many knows that with these needs that God's able to meet each and every single need? You believe that this morning? Amen. I believe that too with all my heart. Amen. Amen. I certainly do. Amen. Amen. This is a a special unspoken request. God knows. Amen. So God knows that request. He certainly does. He knows all about that. So thankful for that. This is from uh Sister Naomi says, "Prayers for my family." uh for continue excuse me for continue healing for my brother Marco. The Lord knows. Amen. So remember Marco and prayer that God just be with him this morning. Uh prayers for healing for sister Cruz, brother Crest, and brother Bobby Carper. Amen. So remember those needs this morning in prayer that God would touch them, be with them. Uh this is from Sister Stephanie says to please continue to pray for my friend Heather Kremans and for Gilbert Lanny to come back to the Lord. Also for my unsaved loved ones. God bless sister Stephanie. Amen. Praise the Lord. Pray that God will meet that need. Please remember brother Roco in prayer as he continues to battle illness. Thank you. Amen. Certainly miss our brother. Certainly appreciate him. Amen. Amen. Certainly love our brother. This is uh from sister Gomez says uh prayers for salvation of all our unsaved loved ones. Amen. I'm sure that's that's definitely the our heart's cry, heart's desire. Amen. Is that we want to see each and every heart come to him. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. This is from brother Richard says, "I need the Lord's help with a situation that's causing a lot of stress." Amen. Well, he is he is the high priest of our confession. Amen. He certainly is. He's able to meet that need. Amen. This is a prayer request for brother Rocco. He has COVID and is not doing well. His breathing is labored. Prayers that God may intervene for our brother. Amen. Yes. Absolutely. Pray for our brother this morning. God will continue to give him strength and touch him. This is uh prayers for brother, excuse me, prayers for brother Crest. He is in a lot of pain after his knee surgery. is in need of all of our prayers during his recovery. Oh my. Yes. Amen. Amen. Certainly appreciate brother Crest, Sister Crest. Amen. Don't we wonderful people and wonderful Amen. Just really appreciate them. We just pray God with you. Give them strength. Amen. During this time, my goodness, many different needs this morning. But just know that we serve a God that's able to meet each and every need. Amen. There's not a problem. There's nothing too great for our God that he can't take care of. You believe that this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. I'd like to ask brother Dave Crest Jr. if you don't mind taking these prayer requests. I mean, how many appreciates Brother Dave Crest Jr.? Hallelujah. Amen. If you have a need this morning, make it known by lifted hand. Amen. Let's just believe with our brother this morning. Amen. By God's grace, uh dad is doing well, but he is uh dealing a little more with the pain this on this knee than the the last one. So it's uh the recovery is not uh as as um smooth as the last one was but yeah if you could just remember him in in prayer but he's he just wanted to say to know he is doing well. So, amen. Let's just go before the Lord in prayer. And our dear heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you, Lord, once again for another Lord fine day to come, Lord, and just into your house, Lord, and to to worship you, Lord. And this, Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for the changes, Lord, that you have made in our life, Lord, in our continuing, Lord, to to make in our life, Lord. And just, Lord, that's what this is all about, Lord. in the service, Lord's not here just to to hear, Lord, just a a flowery sermon, Lord, or something that might just sound well, Lord. We're here, Lord, just Lord, to to draw closer to you, Lord, and just to be changed by you, Lord, and just have less of us, Lord, and then more of you, Lord, be on display, Lord. And Lord, not just here, but Lord, when we go out into the workplace and we go out, Lord, with our families, Lord, and just different ones, Lord, we want to be more like you and just have more of you on display, Lord, in each and every situation, Lord. And just, Lord, we thank you for this time you've set together. We just pray, Lord, you just, Lord, Satan would love to just bombard our minds with, Lord, just the busyiness of the week, Lord, and just what would be maybe laying before us, Lord. We just we just pray Lord just you would just Lord come down Lord and just have peace Lord and just Lord the peace that passes all understanding Lord we just be Lord take over Lord the service this morning Lord and we would just have a time of Lord fellowship Lord and communion Lord with you today Lord Lord we just want to draw closer to you Lord with each and every prayer request Lord you you know the the needs that were on the heart Lord even before Lord they interpret Lord just Lord once again want to remember brother Roco Lord we just know Lord just like all of us Lord he just he would love to be here Lord but Lord Satan just trying to to get him down Lord and we just we just pray Lord for strength and healing and and recovery Lord for our brother Lord just we love you Lord we just thank you Lord to be able to just just the confidence you give us Lord that when we bring these requests before you Lord we're bringing them Lord not to one that that can't do anything about it, Lord. But the one, Lord, with the nails scarred hands that says it's already done, Lord. So, we just thank you, Lord, for that confidence, Lord, and that reassurance, Lord. We just pray you just be with the rest of the service, Lord. And just each and every part of the service, Lord, may you be magnified and glorified, Lord, and just pray for the tithes and offerings, Lord, and just, Lord, for brother Paul, Lord, and the musicians, Lord, just create an atmosphere, Lord, that you would, Lord, just be able to come and abide in and dwell in. We love you, Lord. We thank you one more time. We just ask these things in your blessed name Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Christ. Amen. Amen. As brothers come to take the tithe offerings. Amen. You can have your seats. Amen. I usually let you all uh shake hands, but it's probably not the best time of the year to do that. It's probably not a good idea. Amen. But nonetheless, it's good to be in the house of God. Amen. It's good to be in the presence of the Lord with one another. Amen. We're c We're looking forward to what God's got in store for us today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing this little song this morning and I lost it. I don't know how that happened, but Amen. Lord, I'm so in love with you. I'm so in love with you. How many just wants to fall in love with the Lord all over again this morning? Amen. Is that what you want to come to do? Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Yes, Lord. Yeah. Let me sing this one. Lord, I'm so in love with you. You touch my heart with your grace. Lord, I'm so in love with you. No one else can take your praise. Let's sing that chorus once again. Oh Lord, I'm so I'm so in love with you. Lord, you touch my heart with your grace. Lord, I'm so in love with you. I know that no one else can take your place. Let's sing through the fire. Oh, through the fire. You're right beside me. Oh, thank you, Lord. In the desert, you see me through. And Lord, on rageing waters, I know you draw me near. And you hold me closer, Lord, to you. Lord, I'm so Lord, I'm so in love. love. Oh yes, Lord. We're so loved with you, Lord. You touch my heart with your grace. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, I'm so in love. [Music] So in love with you, Lord, nobody else can take your place. Let's sing that once again. Through the fire. Oh, through the fire. You're right there beside me. Even in my desert. Thank you, Lord. You see me through all raging waters. Thank you, Lord. You drone. Yes, Lord. Yes, you do, Lord. When you hold me closer, Lord, unto you. Oh Lord, I'm so. Oh yes, Lord. So in love with you, Lord, you touch my heart with your grace. Oh Lord, I'm so in love with you. Yes, Lord. Nobody else can take your Let's sing that once again. Through the fire just one more time. Through the fire. You're right beside me in the desert. Would you see me through all raging waters? Yes, Jesus. [Music] He draws you near and he holds you close. He holds you close to him. Amen. Aren't you glad about that? Oh Lord, I'm so in love. Poor Lord, you touch my heart. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, I'm so [Music] in love with you. I know no one can take your place. No one else. Hallelujah. I want you to glad about that this morning. God of my present, God of my future, you ride my story. You hold it all together. God of the God of my present, the God of my future. You're right. You ride my story. You hold it all together. You are the alpha. Oh yes. You're my omega. You're in the middle. You're in the middle. You hold it all. He is the alpha man. Lord, you are my alpha. You're the Omega. You're in the midst. You hold it. And I believe that I will see the goodness of my Lord. Oh yes. And I'm confident. Oh, as seasons change, I know your faithfulness remain. Let's sing. I believe once again, oh Lord, I believe that I will see the goodness of my Lord. Oh, and I'm confident. As seasons change, I know your faithfulness remains. Amen. Let's sing it once again. God of my present. God of my present. Yes. The God of your future. He's still writing your story. He writes my story. He holds it all together. He holds it. Once again, God of my present and God of my present. Hallelujah. The God of my future. Still writing it. He writes my story. This ain't over. He holds it. He's the alpha. He's my [Music] right in the middle. Hallelujah. Oh, he holds it all together. He is my ala. He's my mega. Oh yes. He's in the middle. So I believe [Applause] that I will see. Yes. The goodness of my Lord. Oh yes. And I'm confident as seasons change. I know his faithfulness [Music] remains. Oh, his faithfulness remains. One more time. His faithfulness, oh yes, his faithfulness remains. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that he's faithful this morning? Aren't you thankful for his goodness? Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I so appreciate him this morning. Do you appreciate the Lord? Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. Has he been the best thing that's ever happened to you? Amen. Praise God. He certainly is. Amen. Amen. You know, also too, I can want to say that Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. How many can say he's been good to you this morning? Amen. He healed your body when you were sick. He saved your soul when you were lost. filled you filled you with the Holy Ghost. We got a lot to thank God for. [Music] Oh yes. Oh, help us worship the Lord this morning. [Music] Oh well. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh yes. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. [Music] Oh, well, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh, singing. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh, you have done what this world could not do. We all sing it once again. Oh well, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, yes, Lord, you have done what this world could not do. Oh, you heal my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. Oh, you healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. Oh, yes, he did. You healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. Oh, you that done for this world. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. You surely been good to me. Oh Lord, save my soul when I was so lost. Surely man said, "Oh, you have done what this world could not do. Oh, you filled me with the Holy Ghost. Surely. Oh, yes. Oh, you surely been good to me. Oh, you fill me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes. Well, you healed my body when I was sick. You surely meant I can testify. You healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. Oh yes. Healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. Oh, you have done. Oh hallelujah. Well, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. Aren't you glad about that? Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. You surely did good to me. Oh, how many can say that this morning? Oh, hallelujah. Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord. Oh, you surely been good to me. Oh my Lord, Lord, Lord. Oh, you surely been good to me. Oh yes. Amen. Oh, you have done what this world could not do. Oh well, you fill me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. Oh yeah. You fill me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. Oh, you fill me with the Holy Ghost. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. I said that he saved my soul when I was lost. You surely been good to me. I'll hallelujah. Surely been good to me. Oh Lord, you saved my soul when I was lost. Oh, you have done what this world could not do. Let's sing this one more time. Well, he healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. Aren't you glad? How many witnesses we got this morning? Well, he healed my body when I was so sick. You surely been good to me, Lord. What this world could not do, Lord. Lord will now, Lord, Lord, Lord. Oh, you surely been good to me. Yes, he has. Oh Lord, you surely been good to me. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I got to sing this one more time. Well, Lord, Lord, Lord, oh, you surely been good to me. Oh yes you have and you always will. Oh my Lord, Lord, Lord. Oh, you surely been good to me. Oh hallelujah. You got to forgive me. I just want to sing it just one more time. Oh well Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh well Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Well, Lord, Lord, Lord, he surely been good to me. Oh yes. Oh, you have done what this world could not do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I can testify this morning that God's been good to you. Amen. That he's faithful. Amen. Oh my. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, aren't you glad about that this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Thank God for his goodness. Amen. And his mercy this morning. Aren't you so glad about that this morning? Amen. I want to sing. Well, thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Well, Lord, you brought me. Oh Lord, you brought me a mighty long way. A mighty long way. Oh, I want to thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, I thank you, Lord. I thank you, Lord. Oh, Lord, you brought me. Yes, Lord, you brought me such a mighty long way. Let's sing this now. You've been my father. You've been my mother. Oh Lord, you've been my brother, my sister, too. Oh Lord, you brought me. Oh yes, a mighty long way. A mighty long way. Oh, you've been my father, Lord. You've been my mother. Oh, you've been my brother, my sister, too. Oh Lord, you've brought me. Yes, Jesus. You brought me such a mighty long way. Oh, I want to thank him this morning. Oh, thank you, Jesus. I thank you, Jesus. I thank you, Lord. Oh, I praise you, Lord. Lord, you brought me, Lord. You brought me such a mighty long. I make a testify this morning. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. I thank you Lord. I praise you Lord. Oh Lord you brought me. Yes Jesus a mighty long way. Oh Lord you've been my father. You've been my mother. Oh has he now? He's been my brother. My sister too. Oh yes. Lord you brought me. Oh Lord, you brought me a mighty long way. Oh yes, he has. He's been my father. He's been my mother. Oh, he's been my brother, my sister, too. Oh Lord. Oh yes. A mighty long way. Oh, let's thinking this morning once again. Oh, I thank you, Jesus. I thank you Jesus. I thank you Lord. Oh I praise you Lord for all you've done for me. Amen. Oh hallelujah for mighty long way. Such a mighty long way. Oh yes. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. I thank you Lord forever. I'll praise you Lord. Oh Lord you brought me. Lord, you have brought me such a mighty long way. Oh, let's thank the Lord once again this morning. We want to thank you, Jesus. We thank you, Jesus. We thank you, Lord. We praise you, Lord. You brought me, Lord. You have brought me such a mighty long way. A mighty long way. Oh, we want to thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, thank you Lord. Oh Lord, you have brought me. You have brought me such a mighty long way. Oh Lord, you brought me. Yes, you brought me such a mighty long way. Hallelujah. How many can say this morning that he's brought you a mighty long way? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, that makes me so happy this morning. Doesn't that doesn't that make put a smile on your face this morning to just to know that he's got everything all in control? Aren't you glad about that this morning? Amen. Praise God. Oh, I tell you what, that just makes you feel real good. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that song. And now I just forgot it. I guess I'm getting old. I mean, 25's catching up to me. I guess I probably should I shouldn't say that. Amen. How many's hungry for the word of God? this morning. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I have that desire to. Amen. Let's sing that song this morning, it is well with my soul. &gt;&gt; Can you say this morning that it's well with your soul? Amen. Hallelujah. When peace like a river tendeth your way. Hallelujah. Let's sing this to the Lord this morning. As brother Samuel comes. and peace like a river attending my way. [Music] and sorrows like sea bills ro. Oh yes soul. Oh, whatever my love, thou has taught me to say that it is well. It is well with my soul. Sing it as well this morning. Oh, it is well. Oh, with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Though Satan should buff it, though trials [Music] should come. Oh yes, let this last assurance control. Oh granted Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh that Christ have regarded. Oh my [Music] is so bloodful for my soul. Thank you Jesus. Oh I can say that it is well. Hallelujah with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Let's sing this verse now. Amen. Oh my sin. Oh, the bliss of this glory [Music] star. Oh my sin, it's not in part. Oh, but the whole Hallelujah. Oh, just so thankful this morning. Oh, it's nailed. It's nailed to the cross. And I bear it. I bear it no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh yes, we praise you, Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, hallelujah. It is well. It is well. Oh, with my soul. I thank you, Lord. It is well. It is well with my soul. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Let's sing this verse now. Oh Lord, haste the day. And Lord, haste the &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; When my face shall be sight. Oh yes. Oh, the clouds be rolled back so strong. Oh my. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, the tr shall resound [Music] and the Lord shall descend. in so I'll know it is well with my soul. Let's all stand this morning. Let's sing it all together. It is well it is well. Oh, with my soul is well. Yes, Lord. Oh, for it is well. It is well with my soul. Oh, it is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I said, "Praise be to God. Thank you, Lord." Amen. What a glorious revelation. Just [Music] It's what gives you a real real courage in our lives, in our walk with God. That's the real joy is knowing that we've passed from death unto life and what God has done in our lives. That's what gives you the joy to face tomorrow, face all the circumstances of life, to carry us through every test and every trial. Amen. His grace is sufficient, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, hallelujah. How we thank God. Amen. We want to just uh welcome each and every one of you in the house of the Lord this morning. And just so good to be together once again. And um I want to just continue to remember different ones in prayer that not among us. I think we've had enough as well as many of the other assemblies as well where sickness and so forth has gone uh gone through and running its course. But we're thankful, amen, for God's healing touch. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm so thankful. Amen. For his mercy. You know, you just sometimes you don't appreciate how it how how good it feels to be well until you don't feel well. Amen. But uh I'm so thankful. Amen. For God's touch. Amen. And uh are you glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to be gathered together. And Amen. I want to say it's so good to see Sister Irma back here. Amen. With us. Uh and I I looked out there on Thursday night, but I'm I I called brother Carlos when I left here. I said, I I just got tunnel vision. I get out here, I seen Sister Irma. But I'll tell you uh right standing right there, that's a miracle. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it just um &gt;&gt; you know, I'm so thankful for God's mercy. &gt;&gt; God's divine touch and Amen. And how that the Lord has brought our sister through and and continuing to give her strength in her body. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh Sister Irma, just take it easy. Day by day, you'll get your strength back. Amen. And Sister Durma is one of those, you know, we you got a worker. She likes to labor and cook for a family and all those things, but it's kind of hard when you, you know, five weeks or you've been kind of uh in that in that place. And I never forget we walked in the hospital that day, my wife and I, they they allowed me in there because I was her pastor. And um when I walked in and and the the site that my wife and I saw, I couldn't even get in the room with a number of people that was working on her at that time and getting her ready to transport to um over into Cleveland. So, we just stood in the hallway and and just uh my wife and I held hands and we just went to prayer as well as all of you were were praying. But I'm so thankful for God's mercy. &gt;&gt; Amen. God answers prayer. &gt;&gt; He's faithful. He's faithful. Amen. He's so good to us. Amen. Also want to welcome Amen. our visitors here this morning. And uh also we have a a baptism this morning, Sister Naona. Did I get that right? Nia, sorry. She is going to be baptized here this morning. And so we're just thankful, amen, for that. What a what a tremendous decision and step. Amen. And uh walk with the Lord and just praying that God will just completely just take over her life. &gt;&gt; Amen. I know that's that's what her desire is. And Amen. Well, we want to just say uh let's we want to go right to the word of the Lord here this morning. in in Ruth chapter 4. I want to uh just pull up there very quickly in um sorry if I could get to talking to you and I forget to plug in in Ruth chapter 4. And I want to say to the sisters uh the my the building I got in here yesterday morning and my it was just it's wonderful. Thank you for all the labor and um Amen. just really making the building just a nice place to come into. And uh you know, I appreciate those that just um service between services that just you know, take care of different things that we some of the the sweeping and different things picking up here and there. And I know myself when I walk around in here during the week, I walk and pray. I'll pick up cough drop wrappers or other things like that. And I just You say, "Brother S, why do you pick it up?" Well, &gt;&gt; this is God's house. Yes. &gt;&gt; And uh you know, I'm no to me I can I have hands just as much as anybody else. Uh we're not exempt from that. And so we just um we just want to keep God's house in a place that my it's just uh just nice to come into. And so then we thank God for the times of the deep cleaning and things like that as well. So uh well let's look here in the word in Ruth chapter 4 and verse 7. And uh now this was the manner in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning changing for to confirm all things. A man plucked off his shoe and gave it to his neighbor. And this was a testimony in Israel. Therefore the kinsman said unto Boaz, "Buy it for thee." So he drew off his shoe. And Boaz said unto the elders and to all the people, "You are witnesses this day that I have bought all that was IMC and all that was Kylons and Malons of the hand of Naomi. Moreover, Ruth the Moabitis, the wife of Malon, have I purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead upon his inheritance, that the name of the dead be not cut off from among his brethren. And from the gate of his place, ye are witnesses this day. And all the people that were in the gate, and the elders said, We are witnesses. I'd like to say this morning, we are witnesses. &gt;&gt; Amen. Of what he has done on Calvary. And when he rose and he sent back the Holy Ghost, we are witnesses. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Of what he has done. We are witnesses in our own lives. It's the Holy Spirit in us. Amen. Can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Amen. The Lord make the woman that is come into thine house like Rachel and like Leah, which too did build the house of Israel. I'm sorry I didn't put that down there. And do thou worthily in Epherta, and be famous in Bethlehem, and let thy house be like the house of Ferris, whom tomorrow bear unto Judah, of the seed which the Lord shall give thee of this young woman. So Boaz took Ruth and she was his wife. And when he went in unto her, the Lord gave her conception, and she bare a son. Amen. May the Lord just bless the word. Could we ask his blessing upon it and ask him just to he would guide us here this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are just so appreciative of your grace once again. Lord, we thank you for the opportunity that we have to be able to come and together, Lord, in your house, in your presence, Lord, and to come and to hear your word. And Father, we just ask that God may, Lord, you just move among us according to each and every need and request that's upon the hearts of your children this morning. Lord, I pray that Father, may you, Lord, just take your word, Lord, and oh God, that it would find, Lord, that bedding ground in our hearts and our lives and order to bring forth and to reflect you, Lord, in everything, in every way in our life. Lord, we commit ourselves into your hands and ask that Lord that you would forgive us of our sins and our shortcomings. And father, may your presence just now move among us for every need. We commit it now, this service into your hands for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I want to just continue to speak as you're being seated on this thought. We are redeemed and no rental agreements. And uh looking at this portion of scripture here, we know that with Ruth, we seeing that all the way through the scriptures, the Bible itself is is the book of redemption and how that God would so um lay out the types of redemption and God's whole purpose is to bring us back to himself and that he might fully dwell in us and then through that working in our lives where our soul has been redeemed. The reality of it strikes our heart. When you know our confession has been made and the spirit of God comes and dwelling there on the inside, God taking his rightful position in our life. Then our lives then begin to reflect the redemption of what he himself has already done. And then when that through that through his life on the inside is it reflects redemption that we're no longer our own but we've been bought with a price. And so within that our whole lives is a reflection of him. And it's it's him that through the bedding ground in our lives like the text that we read when Boaz would take Ruth it would be through that even of the kinsmen to raise up uh seed unto the name of that of the dead. And I want to say that our Lord Jesus is not dead. He's alive. &gt;&gt; And to say that to realize that our lives that it has been ordained by God that our lives as Peter would write about being chosen witnesses that for the life of God to come to you and I and to seek us out that his name might continually be declared through our lives upon this earth. Because it's one thing for us, we know and understand to say that we are a Christian, but it's but it's something entirely different when Christ himself is the one who gives witness through our life that we're a Christian because to be a Christian is to be Christlike. And it it comes with Christ's life uh dwelling on the inside of us. And so when we come to this place, we are we are witnesses of this reality that we have been redeemed. There's nothing there's nothing more precious than that revelation that we have been redeemed that he is my Passover lamb that I that he had taken he took my place and that I am a part of him and that he is in me and I am in him there's no greater revelation it God works to bring that settleness and that rest within our life because once we have been redeemed the prophet said you can never once we've been uh bought out of the market and loosened. You can never be sold again. You're marked. You're sealed. And to think that how that within all of that, the prophet says, when a man has once come to Christ and been redeemed by the precious blood, the devil can never make you a slave again. You're secure in the blood of Jesus Christ until the day of your redemption. Now the scriptures that we've been looking at this scripture that as Paul would write that know you not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which you have of God and you are not your own for you are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are gods. So seeing of how that Paul would lay this out because we understand that even as the tabernacle there that we've looked at and showing the pictures of it and seeing it down through the of the scripture that we are are are are a three- room house. We are body, spirit, and soul. And so then we when Paul writes that our body is a tabernacle of the Holy Ghost, think of it in the wilderness and with every temple that was made, the Holy Spirit, the pillar of fire, he would go and he would reside over the holiest of holies over that of the mercy seat. And that's where he would dwell and his presence would emanate throughout the entire the entire uh tabernacle. And that's how that it is to be within our lives through redemption. Is that when our soul has been redeemed, our nature has been changed, the things of the world has passed away, then our lives are a reflection of redemption. Just like before God got a hold of our lives, our lives reflected the world of which we were a part of under that first nature. the things that we did, it was natural to have those desires within us to do those things. Why? Because that was the nature. That's why when when Paul or the scriptures would write that man is born of a woman is a few days old and full of trouble and how that David would write that we were conceived with an iniquity. But God made a way that you and I could come back to being real sons and daughters of God through the indwelling of his spirit. there there had to be a purchase that was made and God made that purchase. You know, you might be here this morning and it just is something that and one day it struck your heart or this might be the moment it would strike your heart of what he has already done for you. You know, no matter what has taken place and no matter what situation, he doesn't have to go to Calvary one more time. He He already paid the price. He bore the full the full full brunt of sin. He paid for past, present, and future sin. He is the lamb of God that took the full sin of the world. And he deposited sin in the lowest parts of hell. He rose up on that Easter morning triumphant and he sent back the gospel, which is that of the good news that lets you and I know that you don't have to remain where you're at any longer. that there is come a liberty, a jubilee, a sounding, a reality to the church of the living God. And I'll tell you what, to a real to a real believer, that's the very answer. That's what we've been longing for. Because you know, you we you and I could we could try and we no doubt all been there to where you try to make yourself better, but you can never make yourself good enough. It's not what you're able to do. the the law perished, works perished with it. It could never the law could never produce a victorious life. But now when the lawgiver himself came, when the spirit of righteousness, when God himself came down and become one of us, now there is where that there comes an answer in our life that you and I could actually live a life of liberty and not condemnation. where we are free and the blood of Jesus Christ makes us free. And then we have that testimony our life. It's no longer I that live it, but it's Christ that's living in me. It's not me me trying to do what's right, but it's Christ that is the one who's motivating me. It's him that is influencing and directing my life. And and it's him that's the one that even is bringing conviction in my life. Because listen, I I don't believe that conviction is just something that is to take place in our life when we've done wrong. But I believe we ought to be people that walk with a conviction that walk with a real sincerity. You know, we're not just we're not just uh h a people that are floating along with the rest of society. And and I I'm going to say it in this way. We're not we're not here to make ourselves different because you and I in our own selves could not make ourselves any different. But it is Christ in our life that has made the difference. When it came time for Israel to live e to leave Egypt, remember God let them know, I will show how I do put a difference between that of Israel and the Egyptians. And the way that God puts a difference between his people and the rest of the world is by his blood. When lives have come under the shed blood of the lamb, then there's a fellowship between God and his children and it reflects itself through our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now I want to say it in this way that throw so with God taking the most centermost part of our life in that of where the soul is redeemed. Here you have of the spirit and of the body and these are places that within it all that must be maintained within our life. And you know these are things that it's not just me uh saying this to you and I could rehearse many scriptures but you begin to realize this in your walk with God that every day in your walk with God. It is a walk that is to be maintained. If Jude could write, building yourselves up on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keeping yourselves in the love of God, that's just one of the places it shows to that of a believer. In order to live a real victorious life in God, it's going to take a real dedication in our life. And dedication is every moment. It's it's decisions. It's it's choices that we make within our life. Now, I want to want you to look at this how Paul wrote this. He said, "You're bought with a price." I we we want to live our lives as redeemed vessels. In other words, there's no no area of our life that is somehow uh sectioned off in some area that God cannot touch. But when the Holy Spirit is come, he goes down through every area of our life. He takes care of every door of every situation. And let me just say it like this uh this morning. If there's something in your life that you find yourself struggling with, listen, allow the Holy Spirit to come in and allow him to come in that area of your life and say, "Lord, I I I want you to come in this area." Maybe it's the door of pride. Maybe it's the door of self. Maybe it's a door of fashion. Whatever it is, say, "God, I want you to be the Lord of my life, and I invite you into that area of your life." Let me tell you, you can't take care of that. But almighty God who's a consuming fire is able to take that out of your life to where that the desire passes away from your life. I say invite God into every area, every situation, every part of our life. &gt;&gt; This is where he said, "Therefore, because we are bought with a price, glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are gods." Now, the prophet would say it like this in the dedication of the building. He said, "You're a three- room house, a three compartment service. Your body, that's what you do for Christ. The other is your spirit, what you think of Christ. And the other is your soul, the faith that you have in Christ. It's a three- room house completely, absolutely dedicated to the service of the living God. justification by faith, sanctification by the blood, and the filling of the Holy Spirit, entering into peace and rest with God. Paul would pick this up in Hebrews 3 and say, "For every house is builded by some man. But he that built all things is God, and Moses verilely was faithful in all his house as a servant for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after." How many How many realize that? Moses was a faithful servant. &gt;&gt; Moses is not the one who came up with a design for the tabernacle. It was it was God's heart that actually was longing from where he dwelt in man in Eden. It was God's desire to get back into that place where he would dwell supremely in man. There would be a real oneness. So God would even allow glimpses even the burdens that he would place upon man. Even when Abraham would pray and begin to ask for an heir, that inspiration itself, you might say, "Well, brother Samuel, it's natural for a man to want a child." But I want to ask you this right here. Who is it that would put that inspiration upon him where he would begin to consider and think about an heir? And he would even consider that of Eleazar. But Eleazar wasn't one born in his house. And God was through that burden he placed upon Abraham was actually it was God expressing his desire that let you and I know that there would be errors that would come from his own loins. God doesn't have errors outside of his word. But every heir of God is a child of God. is a seed of Abraham and it comes from within the word. There's no heirs outside of the word but in the word that's where the heirs of God are. And then you would have the the the uncction that would move down upon Moses heart and hear how God would would speak about in Exodus 25, let them make me a sanctuary. Now I want you to think about this that the people themselves would have no idea how to make a sanctuary for God. God doesn't leave it up to our interpretation. God doesn't leave it up to our figuring. Let let me just say it to you like this. Even in this hour where God here we've had the Bible, we've had the scriptures down through time and even as it got put back into the hands of of individuals. But I want to say this to you that without God himself, the same pillar of fire that wrote the word coming in the end time to interpret that word and make that word alive, we would still be under the presumptions, the assumptions of man. But this is why that when the pillar of fire is come, the pillar of fire goes beyond traditions of man and it takes us back into the very mind and thoughts of almighty God. So we're not in a guesswork. We're not in an uncertainty. We're not left wondering. But the pillar of fire has come to reveal the way back for sons and daughters of God that we might live in the glory of God and reflect real redemption. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank God for the pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Thank God for real revelation. &gt;&gt; Like the prophet would say it there in closing out his ministry, he said to think. He said that Job and different ones they did not have he said necessarily the written Bible he said but they had revelation and that is the most important part &gt;&gt; because there's many that have this Bible but you realize without revelation then then re then it just is letters that's laying here it's laid open to what man would think how did they get all the traditions oral traditions but when the Holy Spirit is come Oh, hallelujah. He's the one that releases the contents &gt;&gt; of the book. &gt;&gt; Like on a CD, you need something to release what's wrote on there. Or a record, you need something to release what's wrote on there. On a tape, you need something to release what's wrote on there. And God in the end time said that he would send Elijah the prophet. And what is a prophet? A prophet is a vitro needle that is placed upon what's been sealed in here to release the contents of it. Let me tell you, that's why this message means something to you and I. It has a drawing power on it. It's not a drawing you to a church, but it's drawing you back to where you come from. It draws you out of your sin, draws you out of your unbelief, and it's drawing you right into a body change. &gt;&gt; That's the power of the pillar of fire among us once again. &gt;&gt; And I'll say Moses was faithful. He was faithful to be caught up and to bring down that pattern. You see, it was not an earthly configuration, but he was caught up into the heavenlies. And what he saw in the heavenlies, he was to utter in that of an earthly realm. And when everything would be coming into its rightful place, then God himself came down at the finishing of that tabernacle. Let me just say it to you. at the finishing of the tabernacle wasn't when the last little part was just put in place, but when it was finished is when God stepped in it. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; And when God steps in it, he is a manning his own word. Because the pattern that he gave was his word. Let me tell you, the Holy Spirit will not come to anything other than his word. And God has laid out the pattern. And Moses was faithful to that pattern. &gt;&gt; He was faithful to hold to it. Now, you know, within it all, God had men that were ordained to take those patterns and to work with it. But I I want to I want to remind you of this, and perhaps I'll pick it up here in just a little bit. But as the tabernacle itself, it would come through lives where vessels would surrender what they had in their possession. And whatever it was, whether it was a black onx stone, those that would weave goat hairs, th those that would do other things, they each had a part in the tabernacle of God. Let me say this to you. You have a part in the economy of God. &gt;&gt; And God's not going to ask something from you that you don't already have. But what the Holy Spirit comes to do is inspire to you. This is why it's not a group revelation. It's an individual revelation of that great revelation of Jesus Christ. And each and every one of us have a part within this as a real believer. That's what the Holy Spirit is seeking out to bring us into that place of his of the positioning of what we are to be and where we are to be in the very economy of God. All right. &gt;&gt; Now, when you look at this, that God might dwell, the purpose is that he might dwell. And Moses was faithful in all of this, even to the instruments that were made in there, all that were to be kept and everything that was to be done. Let me tell you, it was a reflection of the heavenly pattern through earthly elements. &gt;&gt; Let me just say this to you. There's no doubt there's better people upon this earth. There's people that you may not even be able to put your finger on their life. They might be ever so good. I want to remind you, Esau was a much better man than Jacob. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; But you see, Esau was not considered in the election. You know why? God already knew what Esau would do. Esau rejected the birthright. He thought little of the presence of God that was in his midst. That's why brother Brandon said in the message desperation he said Brandham tabernacle you better take heed the birthright is among you and if you don't recognize it'll pass right through here and you'll be left behind. You see the birthright is the presence of God that's coming through the word the name of Jesus Christ that brings sons and daughters of God into a real birth to where you're not reflecting a church. You're not reflecting a doctrine. You're not reflecting a man, but it's Christ that is establishing himself in your heart and your life. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. We're not Brandhams. We're Christians. &gt;&gt; God used his servant, the prophet, to be able to do what? Reflect Jesus Christ into the church of the living God. &gt;&gt; Oh, aren't you thankful? &gt;&gt; So, when we when we see this, I want you to notice how Paul would write it. For through him, through Christ, we both have access by one spirit unto the Father. Now therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and of the household of God, and are built upon the same foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone. Do you realize that we have been given the privilege to have the same experience &gt;&gt; that what they had on the day of Pentecost? &gt;&gt; We have been privileged to come and to be a part of that same foundation. Now let me just tell you what a foundation does. This foundation it is not liable to be overthrown. It cannot crumble. It cannot pass away. This foundation is the revelation of Jesus Christ. It is a solid rock. It's not shifting sands. It's not one way one day and another way the next day. But it is a solid firm foundation. It is an anchor that holds within the veil. So in other words, when Christ himself has brought you and I into this place, this foundation into the holiest of holies where Christ sets down and tabernacles himself in your life, it is the same Holy Spirit in 11 hour 11th hour workers that you're receiving the same reality of the same Holy Ghost that was poured out on the day of Pentecost. You are receiving that same reality that they received back there. &gt;&gt; Brother Samuel, what do you say? You don't know the time that we're living in. But I'm telling you, God made a promise that when the enemy would raise up and ride like a flood, he said, "I'll raise up the standard." You know how God raises the standard? He makes his word more real. He makes it sure. And the way that God raises the standard, he spoke it in the Garden of Eden. It became flesh there in there of the tabernacle of the Lord Jesus Christ. And then it became sure by him pouring out the Holy Spirit into our lives. That's how God makes his word sure. This is why as an individual when we've come to that foundation, you can never be talked out of it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? You cannot be bought out of it because you are already a surrendered vessel. You are a part of the substructure. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now watch this in verse 21. In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord. So there's a growing. Jesus said, "Upon this rock I'll build my church." So it's growing. So that that the body of Christ as we're looking at in this hour, it looks more like him. As a matter of fact, not just looking more, but in this hour, it's the hour where Christ and his bride is to be united. &gt;&gt; This is where the promise of the marriage of the lamb has come. So in here where where the body through that of Luther, it was looking more like it through Wesley looking a little bit more like it. And through that of the restoration of gifts, the return of the baptism of the Holy Spirit upon upon the people, it was looking more like that original seed that went in the ground. But it was not to stop there. That seed has to come from the shuck and Christ must reproduce himself through a bride body. Once again, I'm going to tell you who oversaw this. It's God who has overseen the church all the way down through the ages. It is God that has pressed himself through through all the unbelief, through all the isms, but his word cannot fail. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It groweth. It growth unto a holy temple in the Lord. I want to say that not only is this for that of the entire bride body all the way down through the ages, but this is an expression of us even as individuals that our lives are to grow. You see, God just when he comes and he fills the temple, he he fills it with his presence. The temple was put in service by his coming. You understand what I'm saying? Without the pillar of fire coming down upon the mercy seat, it would have been pointless to be offering a bulock. It would have been pointless to be, you know, kindling a fire. It have been pointless for that. Even though they didn't kindle the fire, but it would have been pointless. They could have went through all the ceremonialism, but without the pillar of fire present, none of the service would be received. But when the pillar of fire comes, it's him that puts that tabernacle into service and ordains those that are called to serve in the body. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In position. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So I want to say this, that's why the Holy Spirit has come. It comes to put you and I into service. He comes to operate through our lives. In whom also ye are builded together for inhabitation of God through the spirit. Now in Colossians 1 18 it said he is the head of the body, the church who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead that in all things he might have the preeminence. He wants the preeminence. This is why he will not share it. He doesn't want it. He doesn't want to share it. In other words, Jesus is not going to come in and cohabitate. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Jesus will not do that. He's got The only way that he comes, he comes into a vessel that is surrendered, that is yielded, and that he himself has sanctified with his own blood. &gt;&gt; Right? Now, notice within this, I want you to listen to this. The prophet tells us in Christ the mystery said, "What was Jesus manifested for?" to show God. He was God. He had to be. No man could die. No prophet could die. He was God. He was the God of the prophets. He was the prophets. He was the kings. He was the history. He was he that was to come. He that was, he that is, he that's to be in this day, the same yesterday, today, and forever. He was manifested for that purpose. Now, I want you to think when he manifested himself. Jesus was that that he as John would write in John 1, he hath declared him. All of the prophets did in part, but not one of the prophets declared him in fullness. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? But they each had their part. But when he came, he was the complete expression of God because he was God. It was not just in light. Remember different ones. Who do you say that I am? Some say you're Elijah. Some say you're this, some say you're that. But but he said, "Who do you say that I am? Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Now, even after he when when he he he fulfilled the word by going to Calvary. And the disciples remember their minds were veiled to even understand uh uh that part and that working of it in that hour. Even though they knew the promises, knew what had to be, but it took Christ in coming, the resurrected Lord Jesus Christ, the one who had fulfilled every word. And when he came among them, he be to confirm to them the word concerning himself. He took them clear back to Moses. He began there in Genesis and brought them all the way down into a present moment for that junction that they were standing at. Because now the junction that they were standing at is the sacrifice has been offered. That sacrifice has been received. And now it is to prepare vessels to go in to receive that of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; That's what Calvary was all about. Calvary never came to make good church members. &gt;&gt; Calvary never came to make feel-good stories. Calvary came to lay hold on redemption. Let me tell you, Calvary was a battleground. There was a battleground in Gethsemane. There was a battle that was going on. There was war that was taking place. Satan was trying his best to keep the Lord Jesus away and to just simply take uh everything without suffering. But he couldn't take it without suffering. If he did, it would still be earmarked. &gt;&gt; But this is why he stood there. He was tempted. He was tested. The prophet said he was tempted to take it without suffering. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; You know why he did that? He also did that for you and I. &gt;&gt; He did that for you and I. No, we would come in to certain places and temptations in our life where there's things that could be an easier way and we could be offered an easier way. But he withtood it so that now in your life he will stand in the midst of your life as a prevailing conqueror &gt;&gt; and influence our lives. I say God be the sole influence. &gt;&gt; Be the sole influence Lord in our lives. Now he said now through that purpose he achieved a church that he the fullness of God might bring to pass every promised word of God in these last days. when he gets the preeminence preeminence in the church the position his place in the church he said oh he wants to get somebody that can so see it that they can let the word now listen the the the reality of seeing it is when the word actually moves through our lives &gt;&gt; see wants to get somebody that can so see it to recognize what it's not just to see well I've got all the doctrine right and I've got all this lined up and I can explain that all of those things. Your person can have all of that and they're not really seeing what it's really all about. &gt;&gt; Remember to really see what it's all about is to really see him and to recognize our littleness. &gt;&gt; You know what the problem was with the Pharisees? Too much knowit all. &gt;&gt; That was the problem with the Jews. Know it alls. &gt;&gt; They knew too much, &gt;&gt; right? Who are you to tell me? Who are you to tell us? Who are you to tell? They were too much knowit all. That's what Paul said. He said, "They themselves have held on to their own righteousness instead of submitting to the righteousness of Christ." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now look at this. You remember even when you're you're thinking of that, what a listen friends, what a blessed thing it is to have a submissive heart. &gt;&gt; You know, in order to have a submissive heart, it takes the Holy Ghost because you are your own biggest enemy. That's right. &gt;&gt; You can't even get along with yourself, much less with some other people. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you friends, we might have an answer right there. &gt;&gt; I said we might have an answer right there. That might explain why some people are so contankerous. Oh, you can't touch them. You ruffle their feathers. You know why? Because they've never even received a new heart. &gt;&gt; Come on, friends. We can rejoice and Oh, I I believe I listen. I believe in rejoicing. But the rejoicing ought to be from what the reality of Jesus Christ is in our soul. &gt;&gt; Because when everything else is going aside, there is a rejoicing that stands in our life. &gt;&gt; Woo! Glory. Aren't you glad you came to church this morning? Notice he said Jesus so seen it and was so perfectly born for the day until God expressed every move that he made. He was God's revelation. God revealed. &gt;&gt; Oh, and he says, think about how he sanctified with his spirit and blood a church that he might make every promise in this last day revealed. I want you to think of this. It's not us that is fulfilling the word. It's Christ in you the hope of glory. It's Christ fulfilling his own word through your life. Your life. My life. Surrender. I in myself. I can do nothing. &gt;&gt; But what the what I see the father doing that doeth the son likewise. That's letting him have preeminence. You see? Oh, how the holy spirit comes to dissolve that old Sarahi. Sarahi had a lot of things to offer up. Oh, offer. Oh, take this way. Take that way. But you know what? God doesn't need &gt;&gt; any man's way. &gt;&gt; He doesn't even need He doesn't need our our opinion about it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He doesn't need that. He only simply he needs is surrendered vessels that realize, wait a minute here. I don't have to struggle. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't have to try to press myself. All I have to do is yield to his word &gt;&gt; and allow him to bring his word to pass. &gt;&gt; You know, that's what God had to bring Abraham to. God had to let Abraham's stream dry up. &gt;&gt; There would have been more than just one Ishmael running around. But God let Abraham get to the end of himself &gt;&gt; to where it was no longer could Abraham even be of an assistance in any way trying to bring the promise to pass. &gt;&gt; And God brings has brought and brings every one of us into that place of where we recognize it's not you and I that can live a Christian life. It's not you and I that can cross the tees and dot the eyes, but it's got to come by Christ himself, a creation on the inside where our faith rises to receive that finished work that he did it for me and accept it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank God that that stream of life dies up. &gt;&gt; You know why? Because that's actually the problem. &gt;&gt; Our own strength is the problem. Right? That that's the problem. That's the problem even when it comes God bringing his word to pass. But see, notice what God does. He brings his word. What's he doing with this revelation? He's bringing his children into a place of rest and yielding to him that he might fulfill his word through his children. &gt;&gt; I want you to think of this. God came that he might dwell in man. That's why when God changed himself from the pillar of fire to become a man for redemption that he now it would be an acting through man of all that he was his nature. This is why when Peter and John were there and you know after they were taken you know captive because after the thing at the gate called beautiful remember they knew these men were ignorant unlearned. The Bible says they were ignorant, unlearned, &gt;&gt; but they took knowledge the Bible said they had been with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm going to tell you, it wasn't because they walked like him, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It wasn't because they could talk like him as far as had his vernacular. &gt;&gt; But what what it is, they knew they had been with Jes. The same life. &gt;&gt; Is that not what God told Peter when Peter and them were set free? It said, "Go stand in the temple and speak to them the words concerning this life." &gt;&gt; Their lives were an expression of the life of God that had come. Oh my. Peter was loose from everything that had ever been down through his family tree. Peter had an authority in his life that no matter what would try to come upon him from the family tree. He could stand there with a resistance and be able to say, "Get behind me, Satan." &gt;&gt; You know why? Because that's the power of the abstract. It cuts you away from your former first tree. &gt;&gt; It raises you in the victory of Calvary. And then like the prophet said, you now are in the strain of God's predestinated channel. It's Christ himself that's living and pulsating through your life. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Samuel, you mean there may not be genes in my life? You mean there might be things back in here and all the way down? What I'm saying to you is is that you are no longer the tail, but now you're the head. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Don't have to live in fear. You don't have to wonder, oh this this is this haunting my family tree. You know, you don't even have to live and say, well, you know, my daddy was an adulterer. My mama was an adulteress or this or that. But you can stand with the grace of God in your life and say, "Not me. The cycle has been broke right here." &gt;&gt; How can you say that? By the authority of Jesus Christ. It ain't the word hyping you and I up. It's the word bringing a reality. You have been redeemed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Y'all believe that, don't you? &gt;&gt; You believe that? Don't don't don't look back to Well, you know, this is how things were in this. I know we are sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; Well, I know we still walk in this flesh, but let me remind you, it's a rising of the sun. He said that little girl, it was epilepsy through her family. But when the Holy Ghost has come, it is the abstract to the title D. It breaks Satan's hold of epilepsy on that child. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, not only does he take care of your sin, take care of your soul, but he also takes care of your body. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Boo boo. tormentor. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. This now we are his tabernacle. A body hast thou prepared me. Notice when he came into this earth. Hebrews tells us a body hast thou prepared for me. Remember Solomon built him a temple. But remember, Steven would pick this up and say even according to the expression that would come in that hour, even when Solomon would build the temple and how God would unfold that through Nathan and David would prepare, he would lay up for it. Do you realize that all the way down through this hour, there has been those that's gone before us, even that's been down through the ages that even in this hour has prepared that you and I might be where we're at right now. There has been faithful men and women. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Samuel, what are you talking about? I'm telling you that the lamb had seven horns. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And those seven horns are the lamb's protection on earth. It's how he protects his rights. How does he protect his rights? Through a holy ghostfilled people. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's God protecting and preserving his rights. And so down through the ages, each one has made a way for the other to where that in this hour, just like Elijah and Jeremiah, Mo all the way down were all portions of him that was coming to reflect him in that hour. And he was the reflection of all of those parts come together that it was Christ. And now in the end time he has once again he has gathered up with every one of these seven portions, seven lights. It is Christ that has returned once again in the fullness of his word where the pillar of fire is now among the church of the living God. Never could any other age say that but this age. This is the age that was promised that the evening light would return to the church of the living God. Do you love him this morning? &gt;&gt; I say thank you, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know why? Because it's a time of completion. &gt;&gt; The Bible says in Revelations 10, the whole point in the descending there of that angel, that mighty angel with an open book in his hand, remember it was seven thunders that uttered their voice. God revealing his redemption plan, driving out. You know what? Let me tell you what drives out fear. The revelation of the word. &gt;&gt; You know what unmuddles your mind? The revelation of the word. You know what knocks fear out of your life of fa. Oh, I might fail or I might fall. You know what does that? The revelation of the word. That's why the preaching of this message that God sent to you and I is not just something to have on your phone is not just something to have in a book or in a tape. It's to live inside of your life. It's that perfect love that cast out fear. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You feel down? Put it on. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? Put it on and watch the atmosphere change because it's the same God that brought this message is the same one who brought that change in Genesis 1. You want to change the atmosphere in your life? Invite the word of God into your life. He's a lifegiver. He's a sustainer. He's a restorer. He's a quickener. He's a deliverer. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, brother Samuel. That's lifting him up off a high. You can't lift Jesus Christ up too high. &gt;&gt; A body hast thou prepared for me? God dwells in the stature of man reflecting himself into that being. &gt;&gt; That's perfect worship. God in us being his tabernacle, God manifesting. So the perfect worship, complete worship, it's not just even though how we raise our hands in worship, that's all part of it. But perfect worship is where now we come under the shed blood of the lamb and Christ coming to dwell on the inside. And here we are gathered in the chosen place of worship in his name. The only place that he'll recognize worship from. He won't recognize worship. Remember the other gates, Deuteronomy 12, Deuteronomy 16. God said, "I gave you those other gates for temptation. &gt;&gt; They were tempted in those other gates." But God will not receive worship in the Baptist gate, Pentecostal gate. God will not receive worship in the doctrines of men. God only receives worship in one place. That's in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Who is the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; And see, this is why that the pillar of fire, it cannot be a part of the pillar of fire dwelling within a person's life, the Holy Spirit, and would actually come out and disagree with the word or make light of a promise or put it off as though he's not the same. That would be that would be God arguing with himself. But the Holy Spirit is sent to punctuate every word of God. &gt;&gt; And that that word would live through our lives. &gt;&gt; Now, I want you to think of this a powerful statement brother Brand makes in why Christ speak. He said, "There's only one church and you don't join it. You're born in it." &gt;&gt; And if you're born in it, the living God works himself through you. Who is it that's working himself? He is. &gt;&gt; It's not you and me. I'm gonna I'm going to make this come to pass. It's not in your struggle. &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; It's not in your trying or your efforts. It's in your surrender. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you surrender to the word? Brother Bram said it like this in the dedication of a church building. He said, "What it is?" He said, "Ephesus only had 12 people." He said, "So it ain't about the number that you have." He said it's the surrender you have where the truth is preached and finds the bedding ground in the hearts of the people is received and then it reacts back. So it isn't you reacting, it's you and I as a bedding ground and the word finding its place in our life and now reacting back. So it's not it's not you, it's not me. Well, this is what God meant. This is what But it's God who's interpreting his own word. &gt;&gt; Who was it that interpreted a virgin shall conceive? &gt;&gt; God. &gt;&gt; It's God. It's not man. It's God interpreting his word through our lives. Or does what does he need? He just needs a yielded vessel. He needs a vessel where he himself can actually sit down in the sanctuary of your soul. That part that he has reserved for himself where he can sit down in there and his presence would emanate through our lives and actually be the source of influence over every instrument in our lives. All right. &gt;&gt; He works himself through you, making himself known. That's where God dwells in his church. God goes to church every day. My my my &gt;&gt; just lives in church. Well, what is church? Church is not just a building. &gt;&gt; Church is the called out. &gt;&gt; Amen. We've been called out and set aside. And it's Christ who is right here in his church. &gt;&gt; You see, church is not just something that's to be turned on and turned off. &gt;&gt; But the reality, you are called the church of the living God. How are you called the church of the living God? Is it because of your proclamation? Not whatsoever. It is God himself that has his presence has come into your life and you now are a witness of his grace. &gt;&gt; Your life is a testimony from the innermost part of your life. You are no longer the same. You are a new creation in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; Let me say this to you. This message is not a self-help program. &gt;&gt; This message is not a socialization. This message is not a movement. This message is God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's Christ himself revealed to you and I personally. &gt;&gt; It's the path to the blood to fellowship back to being sons and daughters of God. You might say, "Well, I've tried." Well, let me just tell you something. What God wants is the strength in your life to yield to his presence. And you let him take you to the Holy Ghost. He'll He knows how to take you there. He knows how to take care of the things in your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God goes to church every day. He just lives in church. &gt;&gt; He lives in you. You're his church. You are his church. You are the tabernacle that God dwells in. You are the church of the living God yourself. Right? &gt;&gt; And if the living God lives in his living being, &gt;&gt; then your action is of God. If it don't, then God isn't in there. So what are we watching? Actions. Actions. We watch the display. How did they know if everything was okay with Aaron? When he went in all the way in on that time of the cleansing of the sanctuary once a year, how did they know? He had bells and pomegranates &gt;&gt; on the bottom of his garment. &gt;&gt; And when though when he would walk, it would make a noise. &gt;&gt; Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, they knew if you stop hearing noise, &gt;&gt; they had a rope. &gt;&gt; Pull them out. &gt;&gt; It's amazing. I'd have to go look it back up. Brother Bill's the one that sent me the statistic of how that you had so many during a certain period of time, they had to be pulled out. &gt;&gt; You know why? They weren't living consecrated lives. &gt;&gt; And they went in there and had to be pulled out. But you see, there's a life that's to be expressed. It's not you and I. It's not all the noise we could make. Let me just say this to you. You can make all the noise in the world. You could have all But let me just tell you something. What people are watching is your life. &gt;&gt; You know, it isn't even in this hour. It's not I I I I believe God brings us to a place to realize for the church of the living God. We're no we're not enamored with gifts, whether it's ministerial or nine spiritual gifts. What we want to see is is what is the life? Because the life behind it, it is the expression of what is the seed life that's in that bedding ground. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Because remember when the Holy Spirit has come, he comes to quicken that part of himself on the inside that will direct us or as Paul would say, quicken your mortal body. In other words, our body becomes quickened because of the quickening power that has struck that soul and changed our nature. So now what is in the invisible which somebody else could say I could doubt that I could dispute this I could dispute that but you cannot dispute when the invisible is made visible. &gt;&gt; I remember remember the man who was who was bound where they you know they put him they they let him down through the roof and they had him there. Remember that Jesus said, "Man, your sins be forgiven." You &gt;&gt; right? Those Pharisees rose up and said, "Who in the world do you think you are? &gt;&gt; Can forgive sins?" Jesus said, "That you might know &gt;&gt; that the son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins." &gt;&gt; See what was done in the invisible realm. He said to the man, "Take up thy bed and walk." You see the taking up his bed and walking was a confirmation of what had taken place in his life where his sins were forgiven. &gt;&gt; You understand? The prophet said when it is spoken, let there be light. He said many could dispute that. But once it is made light, there is no disputing any longer. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Glory be to God. There was disputing when the Lord Jesus himself, he went down into hell. He went down there and he paid the price and he rose up. The prophet said for them 40 days, he said, "Oh, how there was a disputing, how there was a wondering, how Satan trying to challenge that." But when the day of Pentecost was fully come, it was God confirming his word. Not only had he raised, &gt;&gt; but he sent back the same Holy Spirit. to raise up sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad he did it? &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad that the Holy Ghost is still the same? &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad that God sent a message in this hour to where that Jesus Christ has been lifted back up to the throne of worship? &gt;&gt; Been exalted. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank God. I'll tell you friends, thank God for his mercy. Notice this. Then God isn't in there. He wouldn't make you act like that when the word says in his blueprint, "Don't do this," and you go ahead and do it. When you deny it, that shows the life's not even in there. Now, let me just try to tie this up right here. Let me get to a point. The Bible says that the love of Christ constrains us because we thus judge that if one died for all, then we're all dead. and that he died for all that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves but unto him which died for them and rose again. I think as believers we could say that's the greatest privilege that we have been given &gt;&gt; to be able to live for him &gt;&gt; to be freed &gt;&gt; from in our own lives to be able to live for him. You see what it does when when God listen to me now. When the Holy Spirit has come and revealed himself to you, it'll draw out of you what it did on Paul at the road to Damascus. When he revealed himself that pillar of fire, he said, "Lord, what would you have me do?" &gt;&gt; See, the Holy Spirit is drawing us to surrender to put us in service. And it's not what we're determining, but it's how God wants to operate through our lives as each has a part within this body. I don't whether you like it or not, you can't take this piece right here. God can't take that piece out there. &gt;&gt; All these pieces come together. &gt;&gt; It groweth together. Oh, God knows how we need in order to grow together. We need some real good mortar of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; We need the mortar of the Holy Spirit bringing us together. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Now, notice this. This what God would work in our life to bring us to that place to deliver us from self. Now, watch this in 1 Peter chapter 2 verse 5. Ye also as lively stones are built up a spiritual house and holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. So out outside of Jesus Christ outside of our offering coming through and by the blood it's not even accepted. You say, "Brother Samuel, scripture for that." God didn't accept even that of Cain's &gt;&gt; worship. &gt;&gt; God didn't accept it. He rejected it. &gt;&gt; Did Cain give a lot of effort? He did. &gt;&gt; It was will worship. &gt;&gt; There was things that he wanted to present to God. You know why he got so mad? He got so mad because God rejected &gt;&gt; what all of his efforts had been able to achieve. &gt;&gt; It shows that no matter how beautiful a man's efforts could be, nothing can take the place of the shed blood of an innocent lamb. &gt;&gt; Nothing nothing that you and I could ever do. But now through and by this we have been circumcised by the spirit of God to actually offer up spiritual sacrifices to God. Now, think of this. In the in the tabernacle, it was the Levites who were the ones that conducted service. They each had their own part. You had those that were singers. You had those that were a part of just kind of behind the scenes getting things together, making sure the meal was ready, making sure this was ready, making getting the shoe bread ready. You had each one had their part. So, what are you saying, brother Samuel? I'm saying that not one person did everything &gt;&gt; in the tabernacle. That's right. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Moses making the shoebre. It wasn't Moses taking the sacrifice. Moses did his part. The pattern was given. &gt;&gt; The revelation was was dispensed among a body of believers. &gt;&gt; And then from those body of believers of how that then through that of the Levites, they were God's chosen. God himself had procured or taken the Levites to himself. As a matter of fact, he would tell us that he lay all of the firstborn there in Egypt that he might take the Levites unto himself. So God already had in mind those that would serve within the tabernacle. Now, I don't know about you, but I'm just thankful to be in the body of Christ. I I don't It doesn't matter what it is to me. You know what? I I never even wanted to be a preacher. I never even want I I didn't want to be anything. I I didn't want You know what? I was so happy. As a matter of fact, when God first got a hold of my life, I didn't even want to get married. No, I wasn't funny either. Are you hearing me? I want funny. I'm just telling you that even within that, I was so thankful for what God had done in my life. That was just that that's all I wanted. It was my dad that had to put a little swift kick in my pants a little bit on that, you know, to help me to kind of see along because, you know, sometimes you can be not that my wife my wife a beautiful lovely lady, but I would just and she was the same way. You're just so taken with what God has done in your life. I never imagined that I would ever be able to live this kind of a life. &gt;&gt; I never I tried it. I tried it from youth camps. I tried it here. I tried it there. It was something that I found myself saying, "I cannot do it." But that's when God stepped in and said, "Son, I don't need your efforts. I just need the preeminence." &gt;&gt; And for me, oh my, that's my joy. &gt;&gt; That's never left me. &gt;&gt; It matter of fact, it just keeps going. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You just become like a w a walking sock bucket where where it's just dripping out and my the glory of God. It don't matter. You know, friends, you can live that kind of a life. You don't have to live a life of an old sour puss. You don't have to walk around with an old frown on your face. You can absolutely have a real experience with God. Let me tell you what the prophet said over and over. He said, "When you get the Holy Ghost, you'll be on a drunk from the hour you receive it to the hour you leave." Amen. &gt;&gt; That ain't just talking about that you'll be running around. But let me just tell you something. You ever had a seen a man who was a drunk man? &gt;&gt; I don't know. I've been around a number of them. Let me just tell you something. Drunk men all of a sudden will start putting their arms around their enemies. &gt;&gt; Let's Let's drink one here. &gt;&gt; What is it? It's what they got inside of them. You see, that's the real thing. God's not trying to educate a group of people. He's not trying to reform us or conform us. He wants to transform our lives by the imparting of his own nature. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I tell you what would do good is if we start hitting the bottle. &gt;&gt; That's what we need is a real good dose of the Holy Ghost. Let me tell you friends, that's a lot of the problem in people's lives is they've never been born again. I don't care how long they've sat around the message. I don't care how long they've known. I don't know how many quotes they know, how much scripture they know, but if they've never received the Holy Ghost, they are still the same as they always were with just a rotten religious covering. &gt;&gt; But religion will condemn you, but salvation will save your soul. It'll take care of that nature on the inside. It'll change you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. spiritual sacrifices. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let's stand, sacrifices. &gt;&gt; Sacrifice. I think pretty much every one of us would know what that word sacrifice is. Sacrifice is not what's convenient. But sacrifice is just as it's implied. It requires something of us. How many know there's there's times you feel like praising the Lord. &gt;&gt; There's times you feel like worshiping. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And then there's other times you're going through the heat of the battle. &gt;&gt; You're going through situations &gt;&gt; that you don't feel like it. Come right in here. You pressed right on through to come to the house of God. &gt;&gt; You don't feel like it. You don't feel like it. You'd much rather just stay at home. I'll just I'll catch Brother Samuel streaming. But we need you here. &gt;&gt; That's right. You see, the prophet tells us that when more of the believers come together, it's more of the godhead bodily &gt;&gt; among us. Ram says, "Oh, Brother Ram, I just don't feel like praising him." He said, "That's the time to do it. That's right. &gt;&gt; Praise him. Anyhow, &gt;&gt; in the midst of your affliction, in the midst of what's going on in your life, spiritual sacrifices. &gt;&gt; And it's not just when we're here in church. &gt;&gt; It's when we're walking. &gt;&gt; It's when through our lives, through on our jobs, through everywhere we go. &gt;&gt; It's a spiritual sacrifice unto God. Yes. &gt;&gt; Lord, I love you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, I want to say thank you for your mercy. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Maybe you've been praying about a need within your life and still no answer has come, but you're still praising him. &gt;&gt; Lord, I thank you for your mercies. Thank you for where you've brought me from. Thank you, Lord, that you have given me a way where you said to come before your throne of grace that I might find help in the time of trouble. Thank you Lord for your mercies Lord. Thank you Lord for healing my body. Thank you Lord God. Spiritual sacrifices. So there's times when this inside man who's been redeemed. He's the one that has to remind this body that as the body, you're not the Levite, but the Levite is inside of this temple. Christ, we're a chosen priesthood, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; A peculiar people, right? But as a peculiar people, God has given us power for service to do what? employ our hands, &gt;&gt; employ our lips to employ our lives to give sacrifice unto him. Sometimes the sacrifice is not even raising your hand. Sometimes the greatest sacrifices you'll make is to let an offense pass right on by. Some of the greatest sacrifice is where you can have a right to hold something, but you as a priest make a sacrifice for what? For God. &gt;&gt; I'm not my own. I I could act like it, but I'm not my own. I'm his. &gt;&gt; And grudges and offenses, those things that don't belong in my spirit, don't belong in your spirit. &gt;&gt; You know what belongs in your spirit, in your body? the reflection of God's presence from the throne of your soul &gt;&gt; where the blood coming there on the mercy seat in your life there in the soul and that fellowship with him to where his presence would so reflect through your life to where when you walk on the job wherever you go there's a Christian there's a Christian brother but Sam I don't want to make myself different. I'm not asking you to make yourself different. &gt;&gt; But what I am saying to you is the rapture is about for those that he has made a difference in. &gt;&gt; And if there's one thing that you want, friends, is you want that difference in your life &gt;&gt; where it's no longer you that's living, but it's Christ who's living in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't want religion. Religion will contaminate you. It'll affect you. It'll it can affect your family. It can affect everyone. You don't want religion. You want Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Remember over and over the prophet would tell us not to know his word is life. But to know him, right? How many people came to brother Brandon, "Oh, brother Brandon, you don't know your Bible." He said, "Well," he said, "you probably know it better than me." He said, "But I know the author." &gt;&gt; And see, that's what matters. &gt;&gt; Amen. is to know the author. &gt;&gt; And when you know the author on the inside, it's kind of like this. There was a a person at a book signing. And the thing of it is is that they were actually it wasn't them who was actually the author of the book, but they were kind of given, you know, when they'll do this at Borders and other places like that, and not that I've ever been there to listen to one of them, but you know, they they'll they'll go through there and they'll kind of give you their synopsis &gt;&gt; on what the author was saying and they'll just do a do a book talk. And this man did a book talk and he had all these conclusions drawn of this book. And finally there's a man who stood up in this little gathering. And the man said, "Excuse me." He said, "That's not what the author meant at all." &gt;&gt; And the man who was doing the book talk said, "Who are you?" He said, "I'm the author." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. It's not us giving a book talk, &gt;&gt; but you let the author come in. &gt;&gt; You let the author have the right away. &gt;&gt; Let him have the rightway in every area of your life. Let the author, And you know what? He'll make the contents of the book real. He'll make it live just according to how he said it would. &gt;&gt; Because he is the word. &gt;&gt; Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; I tell you friends, if there's anything that would be holding you back, anything that's hindering you at all, just just let it go. &gt;&gt; Let it go. You don't have to wrestle with it. Let it go. &gt;&gt; If there's something that's keeping you back, something that's holding you, you don't have to go and do a do a bunch of pentance. Let it go. &gt;&gt; How can I let it go? Confess it. &gt;&gt; Repent. Let it go. It's not worth &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; your soul. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's not worth liberty. &gt;&gt; Nothing is worth it. nothing. &gt;&gt; Let it go. You don't So you don't have to wrestle? No, you don't have to wrestle. Do I have to struggle? No. Let it go. Do you believe he's here? &gt;&gt; He's here. &gt;&gt; Whatever that you have need of that same pillar of fire that we have spoke about and is in this building right here this morning that has directed me, anointed me, and anointed your hearts to be able to receive that same Holy Spirit that gave Moses the direction for the pattern of the tabernacle. That same Holy Spirit is right here with us &gt;&gt; this morning. &gt;&gt; He's right here to do just exactly what he said in his word he will do. &gt;&gt; He's right here to give the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; He's right here to change your life. But let me just say this to you. Will you accept it? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Will you accept it? Will you receive it? What? Maybe it's something that that is hindered in your life. Maybe it's something that you've allowed to build up in your life. But can we in his presence say, "Lord, I let it go, Lord. &gt;&gt; I lay it down because you're worthy. &gt;&gt; You're worthy. &gt;&gt; You're worthy. &gt;&gt; You're worthy, Lord. &gt;&gt; He's worthy &gt;&gt; to receive all riches, glory, power, and honor. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You love him this morning. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, &gt;&gt; thank you for your mercies, Lord, this morning. &gt;&gt; Oh God, how our hearts, Lord, are just warmed, God, in your presence. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord, now as you're here, Lord, among us, your word, Lord, as you've delivered your word, Lord, through the foolishness of preaching. And Lord, God would express your thoughts concerning our lives. Now Lord, I pray. May you move for every need that's in this building. [Music] Lord, may the thoughts of God so strike every heart that if there's one, Lord, where the enemy has wanted to keep them, Lord, from their privileges, rights as a son and daughter of God, I pray this morning, Lord, that God, they've heard the ring of liberty, that voice would call to them, Lord, that they don't have to live there no longer. They don't have to live with regret. &gt;&gt; They don't have to live beneath their privileges, but they can rise in the grace of God. &gt;&gt; Lord God, you're here, Father, to touch lives. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh God, how many times, Lord God, how your presence would come right among us. And Lord, if there's been any coolness that Lord has come into our lives, I'm so thankful, God, Lord God, that the great conviction of the Holy Spirit would sweep right around our hearts to remind us, my son, my daughter, I've called you to be my living image. As your prophet would tell us, we're to be your idol upon this earth. Lord, we're not an idol that is just placed without ears and eyes, but a living image that God that you would project yourself through our lives. Now Lord, I pray if there's any hindrances, [Music] something Lord, where the enemy has wanted to get a foothold, maybe through indifference, sin, maybe it's affliction, disease. Lord, I know that many times when sickness has come, it comes with a tormenting spirit that would want to try to hinder and weaken. But I pray heavenly father in your presence Lord God. Lord we bring every need right now every request before the throne of almighty God. Lord God may you come Lord right here the same pillar of fire through every surrendered heart and life dear Lord God. And father deal Lord God with every indifference. deal Lord God with Lord every hold where the enemy would want to try to put upon a life Lord maybe through a complex offense whatever it might be Lord God your grace is sufficient Lord granted Lord may you move Lord I pray God break every hold Lord break every chain Lord God for you are the mighty conqueror who's rent the veil in two Lord God, you are worthy. &gt;&gt; We love you this morning. Lord, I pray that God, you would pour out of your spirit. Lord, may there be lives and hearts, Lord, this morning that God would leave from this moment and there would, Lord, arise a declaration in their lives, Lord. Not something, Lord, that God has just been something that they themselves have said, but it arises from within them, Lord, as they've, Lord, sat under the ministering of the word. and their hearts, Lord God, have become filled with the spirit of God that they can actually move in that place and say, "From that time, my life has been different. My desires changed. My appetite, my life, it's for Jesus Christ. All I want to do is please him. All I want to do is live for him. I want more. I want more of him. Granted, Lord God, I pray, Father, may there come, Lord, a refilling of the Holy Spirit in our lives, Lord. You're the one that equips us for service, Lord. Oh, God. Granted, Lord, I pray may Lord Jesus, there come a refilling of the spirit of God in our lives, Lord. a revival, Lord God, in our hearts, Lord, a fresh quickening of the spirit of God, Lord Jesus, that all trash, everything that's unlike you, Lord God, would be washed out of these waters, Lord God, that our lives could be, Lord, an unhindered expression and reflection of the glory of God. Granted, Lord, grant it, Lord Jesus. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Oh, let's just worship him a few moments now. Hallelujah. Let's just worship him. Oh, what a privilege in his presence now. Oh my god, glorified. Be glorified. &gt;&gt; Oh, [Music] in my life. &gt;&gt; In my life. Lord be glorified today. Hallelujah. [Music] Be glorified. [Music] Be glorified for my life. Lord be glorified today in my home in my home. Lord be glorified. be glorified in my home. Lord be glorified [Music] today in your pride. Glory your Lord be glorified be glorified. Glory your bride. Lord be glorified today in your church. Lord in your church Lord glorify be glorified [Music] your church glor be glorified. today in my home. In my home, Lord be glorified. Be glorified. Oh my friend and Lord, Lord be glorified in my life in my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified. Lord my life [Music] be glorified. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away to you, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am, Lord. Here I stand, Lord. My life is in your hands. Lord, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I want to give myself away to you, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. I want to give myself away. Oh, to you, Lord. I give myself away. So you give, Lord. Take my heart and take my life. Lord as a livinging sacriice [Music] in all my dreams and all my plans. Lord, I place them in your hands. I want to give myself away. to you, Lord. I want to give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away to you, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. My life is not my own [Music] to you. I belong. I want to give myself. I give myself to you. Oh my everything. Oh, my life is not my own. It's to you I belong. I want to give myself. I give myself to you. My life is not my own. Oh, my life is not my own. Oh, to you. I belong. I just want to give myself. I give myself to you. My life. Oh, my life is not my own. For to you. To you I belong. I want to give myself. I give myself to you. Sing it once again. Let's make it a prayer this morning. My life, my life is not my own. Oh, to you, Lord. To you I belong. I give myself give myself to you and I surrender all to you. Everything I give to you. I surrender. I surrender. all to you. Oh, everything I give to you. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding withholding nothing or withholding nothing with I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can Oh, completely to Lord. I I give myself away. So you, my life is not my own. Once again, my life is not my own. [Music] To you I belong. I give myself. I give myself to you. Lord, my life is none to you Lord. I give it to you Lord. To you I belong. I want I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Music] Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away completely to you, Lord. I give myself away so you can use. I give myself I give myself away to you, Lord. I give myself away so you can use me. Lord, I give myself away. You can all have your seats to you, Lord. I give myself away so that you can use me. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so thankful, Amen, for what how the Lord has touched Sister Na's life. And um I think it's been a couple months ago, two or three months ago. Um, I thought in one way that I recognized her, but then um it was after the church that night. I remember when Sister Py, she grabbed me and Sister Py said, "Do you know who this is?" And I said, "Well, I I don't know exactly, but the last time really I had seen her, she was much younger, but we're so thankful how the Lord has has touched her life and for what what God has begun in her heart." And that's the thing that we just want to just look to God right here in this moment. That the same God that has touched her heart and brought her into that place of a of a repentance and to surrender her heart to God. That that same God knowing what his desire is is to fully tabernacle himself in the midst of her life. And that's that's the that's the real heart. That's this is why that even when we walk into the waters of baptism, it's what it's all about to take upon his name with that purpose and that desire is I want to be united &gt;&gt; with him. I want that life. I want his life to be present in my life. I I don't want to no longer live my own life. I want to surrender my all to him. I thank God for his grace that brings us to that place. You know the Bible said it's the goodness of God that leads us to repentance. &gt;&gt; It's the very mercy of God that breaks the hold and brings conviction to our life to draw us to him with that purpose that he himself would totally clean our lives and dwell on the inside. Amen. You love him this morning. &gt;&gt; Let's just go to him in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, I pray dear God, right here this morning, dear Lord God for our sister. Lord, you see, Father, that Lord, how that you have, Lord, touched her heart, Lord, there was a longing, Lord, that in her life, Lord God, that Father, even as she would, Lord, walk in these doors, Lord, on a Thursday night, Lord, some months ago, Lord God, and and Father, Lord, that it's you, dear Lord God, that Father, begin to touch her heart and work upon her life. Lord to bring her to that place Lord that the desire Lord is that you would just have the complete preeminence in her life Lord God that Father every part of her life that it would reflect you Lord God. I pray heavenly father that she stands here Lord God Lord Jesus in the faithfulness Lord of your word that you said Father through that of Peter that Lord if we repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Lord, I pray that God that Lord as she's walked into this waters, Lord God, oh Lord God, as a baptismal tank, but Lord, it's a graveyard, Lord God. Father, Lord, where there's a testimony, Lord, that's going forth. Lord, I I'm no longer going to live and walk in the same way. But Lord God, we've come here, Lord God, to bury, Lord, one, Lord God, that there would come forth a very newness of life within her life. I pray that God that you would meet her Lord God and may you completely change her life Lord God that your glory Lord might be reflected through her life as a redeemed vessel Lord God. Lord we ask it now in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. your confessionus Christ. I now baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Aren't you thankful for his grace this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's give him praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, I am free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. There's no more chain. Let's all stand this morning. My soul is resting. Thank God it's a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. I'm free this morning. Amen. Oh, I am free. Thank God. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. No more chains. Oh, my soul is resting. Hallelujah. Oh, it's just a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, sing once again. I'm free. this morning. Oh, I am free. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I'm no longer bound. Oh, there's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. Oh, yes it is. [Music] Oh, it's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Halleluah. I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you thankful for his grace this morning? Are you thankful for his mercy? Amen. Praise the Lord. Can we just sing just one more song this morning? Is that okay if we just do one more song? Hallelujah. Well, I was lost in shame. I couldn't knock it past my lane. Until he called my name. Oh, I so glad he found me down. But Jesus pulled me out. Now I'm no longer bound. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. See, oh, now I'm a new. That's our sister this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, the old has gone. There's new life. And I live by faith, not by sight. We don't live by sight. Oh no. Oh, there is a name that's written down. Glory. Oh, it's mine. Yes, it's mine. Oh, I met the author of my He's mine and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Well, sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. Now I can see the light. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over. Oh, hallelujah. Well, see, I am now a new creation in Christ. Oh, the old has gone. There's a life. And I live by faith, not by sight. We don't live by sight. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Oh, I met the author of my story and oh, he's mine. Let's see. There is a name. There is a name that's written down in glory. Oh, it's mine. Can you say it's yours this morning? Amen. Oh, you see, I have met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Well, sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. Now I can see. Aren't you glad for the light? I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over me. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. See, I am now a new creation. Oh, aren't you glad about that? The old has gone there. I don't live by sight. Oh, no. There is a name that's Oh, and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I met the author of my story and he is mine. There is a name. There is a name that's written down in glory and he is mine. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I met the author of my story. [Music] Oh, and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Yes, he's mine. And he's mine. And he's mine. Yes. And he is mine. Jesus is mine. And he's mine. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you so glad that Jesus is yours and that he's got a hold of your life? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, aren't you so glad for that? Amen. Amen. How many can say this morning, it's been good to be in the house of God? Amen. Don't you just love the Lord this morning? Aren't you thankful for what he's done, what he's doing, what he's going to do? Hallelujah. Praise God. I'm so thankful for that this morning. Aren't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just Amen. I like to ask Aaron if little Aaron, if you don't mind coming, dismissing us in prayer. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, buddy. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we just come before you just so thankful, Father, for the blood you shed on Calvary, oh Lord, that it wasn't just a man on a cross, Father, but a sign of us being redeemed, oh Lord. And we pray, Father, that as we leave this service, Father, the enthusiasm we have, Father, that it doesn't leave, but that we're always enthused with you, oh Lord. And we pray, Father, for the sister who who gave her life to you, Father. And Father, just just a new life, a new creation in you, Father, that you just give her strength to to live this Christian life, oh God. And we pray, Father, that as we all go, Father, that you just be with us, Lord, and help us in this time of darkness, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you, buddy. Amen. Amen. It's been really good to be here, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. May God bless you all in the fear of God. Amen. Continue just to be enthused in his presence. Amen. Oh. Well, Jesus is mine. Oh my Jesus is mine. Well, now everywhere I go. Oh, everywhere I'll be. Oh, my Jesus is mine. Oh my Lord Jesus is mine. Oh my Jesus is mine. Will now everywhere I go. Oh everywhere I'll be. Oh my Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Jesus is mine. Yes, he's mine. All mine. Jesus is mine.
