################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Church Order 10 - The OTHER Spiritual Gifts 5 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-10
Title:    Church Order 10 - The OTHER Spiritual Gifts 5 - Samuel Browning
Speaker:  Samuel Browning
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xRDYMYV0VE
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
35:35 - Ministry
1:40:32 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, watching you. Watching you every day minds you pursue. Watching you watching you. Oh again. Oh he's watching you. Watching you. you Lord every day before you pursue. He's watching you. Watching you all seeing you. Help me sing if you know on the road to watching you. Oh, every [Music] single Yeah, there they all see it. I watch. Thank you, Lord. He's watching you. Watching you. So every day for you to pursue. For he's watching you. Watching you. There's an all the [Music] you there's a watching you. God will not go in the path of the boat. There's an allse watching you. He's watching you, watching you, Lord. Every day on the cross, you pursue, watching you, watching you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Help make sure that sweet home of the soul. There's an eye and he's watching you never turn from the way to the kingom of things they all see. I watching you watching you watching you every day you pursue. He's watching you. Oh, watching you. Let's all say that one more time. Oh, he's watching you. Watching you, Lord. Every day by the boat you pursue, he's watching you. Watching you. Thank God there's a dog singing. Oh, hallelujah. Woo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I said when I was a little boy, that song used to scare me. I like to I just wanted to sing it again. Rub it in the I wanted to rub it in the devil's face tonight. I'm so glad he's watching over me every moment of my life now. Hallelujah. Praise be the Lord. How many man's glad to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. It's good to be here, isn't it? Let's give God a hand clap of praise. Amen. He's worthy of everything. He deserves the glory and the honor, right? Praise God. Amen. We just have a couple of prayer requests here tonight, but I know we all have needs. So, let's listen to these and then just think about what you need God to do for you tonight. Sister Stephanie says, "Please continue to pray for my friend Heather Crans. She is back in the hospital with edema around her heart." Please also pray for Gilbert Landy that he'll come back to the Lord. God bless you. Amen. Trust the Lord for that. Sister Gomez says, "Please pray for all of our unsaved loved ones." Say that as well. I got a lot of unsaved loved ones myself. How many say Lord, help me be a light, a conduit, a channel that you can use to speak to one of them. Lord Jesus, that's our desire. Let's just if you have a Excuse me. I have a need tonight. Uh still dealing with a little bit of upper respiratory stuff, but I want to give God glory tonight. So, Amen. You guys sing so good. You guys were singing so good on Sunday. Brother Paul up here. I said we we could have just had a recording of somebody singing song. You guys would have still been on cloud nine. Praise the Lord. Just appreciate uh the worship. Amen. Everybody, praise the Lord. Let's just take our needs before him tonight and just trust him to speak to us through our pastor. Lord Jesus, we love you tonight. It's good to be in the house of God. Lord, um we want to praise you, Lord. There's so much that you've done for us, Lord. I'm I'm sure that in our life, Lord, uh we've disappointed you so many times, Lord, but I know, Lord Jesus, you've never disappointed us one time, Lord. Every time we call on your name, you're always there, Lord. We just trust you and believe. I pray that we'd be able to take you at your word tonight, Lord. If there'd be any anyone that's maybe uh committed a sin, Lord, something that may not be aware of or anything, Lord, we confess it to you, Lord. We we're in need of you, Lord. We don't depend on our own righteousness, Lord. We're depending on your righteousness, Lord Jesus, to save us, Lord. And that's what makes us want to praise you, Lord. That's why we love you so much because we could never do it on our own, Lord. Only you. Only you could save our souls. Only Jesus could satisfy my soul, as the song says. Lord, I pray that you bless the worshippers tonight, Lord, that's come out, Lord. The help me as a song leader with my voice, Lord, help the uh musicians to play skillfully, Lord. And we're looking forward to the word that the pastor will bring, Lord God, I know that he studies himself, applies himself. But Lord, I pray the same spirit that you put on him to reveal that word to him to make him write it down and put it together like it did. Lord, may it come down into our lives, Lord Jesus. We open up our lives as a as an open book to you, Lord, for you to uh we put ourselves on the the potter's wheel, Lord, for you to mold us into your image as you see fit tonight. We give you love and praise in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Church says, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. You may be seated. Let's sing that. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. That's true. Amen. Praise the [Music] Lord. Morning. See you in the sunrise every morning. Like a picture that you've painted for me. Love letter. Let's sing that again. Morning, I see you in the song. Hallelujah. Morning. Oh, morning. I see you in the sunrise every morning. Oh, it's like a picture that you know. Yes, Jesus. You're so wonderful. Oh, a love letter in the sky. Hallelujah. Come on, help me out, church. Well, nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in your amazing way. I'll worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Hallelujah. That's right. Story. I could have had a very different story. But you came down from heaven. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. And you forever save my life. Hallelujah. Yes. Nobody loves me like you love me. Oh my savior. [Music] away. Oh, I worship you as long as I can. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves [Music] me. Amen. How he says, "Amen." Glory mountain. Yes. Hallelujah. Yes, you are, Lord. You're breaking down the way of all my [Music] mouth. And even when it feels like I'm surrounded. Wow. Hallelujah. You never leave my [Music] side. Say, "No, me. Jesus I stand I stand in all your ways I worship you as long as I hallelujah yes you are Lord hallelujah God you are faithful and true nobody loves nobody loves me like you love me Jesus I stand on your amazing [Music] way. I worship you. Lord God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me, Lord. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me, Lord. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm in love with my Savior and he's in love with me. He's with me from day to day. What a friend is he. He watches over me while I sleep. Hears me when I pray. I'm as happy as I can be. And I can't say where somebody loves me. My prayer will I care for somebody tells me not to Jesus and I know he's mine. You'll be happy if you will let Jesus have his way. He has a work for us all to do. Every passing day. Oh, feed the hungry and cheer the sad. Oh, the sinner pray. Yeah. You'll have joy that you never had. And you can say, "Oh, somebody loves me. Answers my prayer. I love somebody. I know he cares. Somebody tells me not to reply. Yes, that somebody is Jesus. And I know he's mine. Well, then at last when our work is done, he will call us home to a mansion he has prepared ever more to go. Well, we'll sit down by the river side. There's all passed away. Hallelujah. And with never a pain to bear. What a happy day. I got somebody loves me. It's just my Well, I love I know he cares. Yes. Somebody tells me not to reply. That song third mer and at last when our work is done he will call us home to a man he has prepared never more to grow. Yes we'll sit down by the riverside tears all pass away and with never a pain to bear but a happy day. I've got someone who loves me. Hallelujah. My love. Oh yes, church. Oh, hallelujah. Where somebody tells me I do. It's not somebody. It's Jesus. I know. Well, yes. Somebody loves me, answers my prayers. Oh, I love somebody. I know he cares. Somebody tells me I [Music] do that somebody is Jesus and I know he's mine. That somebody is Jesus. I know. Hallelujah. That is mine. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, he paid a debt. He did not. Oh, I owe the de I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing gra. Yeah. Christ Jesus paid the debt. Yes. He paid a debt to Calary. Hallelujah. Bless my soul. Set me free. Yes sir. it all. My sins are raised. I now can sing a brand new song. It's amazing. All day long. Christ Jesus paid the I could never lie. Some days he's coming back for me [Music] [Applause] today. My name will sing a brand new song. Amazing grave. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could live. One more time for a verse. For he paid the debt he did not owe and I owe a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. Oh, and now I sing a brand new [Music] song. Yes, there I could. [Music] Oh my Jesus paid a debt that I could [Music] [Applause] never know that I can make it. You don't have You don't have to worry. Don't you be free. His joy comes in the morning. The troubles they don't last away. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "By faith, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand." Hallelujah. Glory to my life is in your hand. Oh, with Jesus, I can take it. With him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. I can [Music] see. So when your test and trials may seem to get you down. Oh my. And all your friends and love people find away. Oh, we still got the great anchor. Amen. But there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. Oh, and if your heart is one more time, just lift your hands and say, "Yes, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand no matter what may come my way. Yes, Lord. My life is in your hand. Oh Jesus, I can take it with him. I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in with Jesus. Oh, with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I'll still stand. No matter what may come my way, God is in your hand. No matter what may come my way, Lord, my life is in your hand. Hallelujah. After all, after After all this life is over and our burdens have been lifted, we stand upon the mountain top so [Music] tall, looking over in that city led by Jesus. Hallelujah. He's prepared. It gives me faith that I can make it after all. Trials here are sometimes men and at times my feet grow weary till it seems I'll almost stumble and fall is Jesus but the tender heavenly oh yes that's the one that keeps me steady and I know I'll make you after [Applause] all [Music] after lifting Lord and we stand upon the mountain top so tall. I'm looking over in that city for my savior. Yes, sir. It gives me faith that I can make it. Oh my think about it. By myself, I cannot make it. But I know he's there to help me. Oh, he will hear my cry if only I will call. Just keep trusting. Keep on believing are the words I hear him whisper. Just a few more days to labor. after I will and after all this life is over and my burdens have been lifted and we stand upon the mountain top so tall I'm looking that city and the savior is preparing. Gives me faith that I can make it. Well, let's testify. Let the devil hear you tonight. Oh, after all this life is over and my burdens have been lifted and I'm standing on the mountain top. [Music] Oh, I'm looking all the way that city and I say yes. Oh, yes. He gives me faith that I can make it after. Oh, he gives me faith that I can make it after. Yes, he does. Yes, he does. Give him praise tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise. Oh, sing it again now. I will praise. Oh, I will praise. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Well, no matter what tomorrow brings or what it has in store, I know I will pray. Oh, there's something inside me. I can't stop feeling now. Oh, I will pray. Praise the Lord for all he's [Music] done. Praise the Lord. will no matter what tomorrow brings what it has in store. I will praise the Lord for he is Lord. He is Lord. As our pastor comes, let's just sing this now. He risen from the dead and he is Lord. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue [Music] confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Sing it again. For he is Lord. Yes, he is. For he is Lord. Yes, he is Lord. Bless his name. He has risen from the dead and he is Lord. [Music] Every knee shall [Music] be the Christ is [Music] Every knee shall bow. Every tongue comes that Jesus Christ is. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's give him a hand. Amen. Holy Spirit. See that? See that Holy Spirit rain down as Pastor Close. Amen. How many like to have a fresh outpouring of the Holy Ghost tonight by his word? Amen. Holy Spirit rain [Music] down. Oh comforter and friend, I need your touch again. Holy Spirit [Music] rain down for let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. [Music] See this? Here's what we're expecting. Oh, I have seen as no man can know what God has in store. So, open up heaven. Open it wide over your church. Yes. And over our lives. Holy [Music] Spirit. Amen. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Holy Spirit, rain down. Rain down. Oh my comforter and friend. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain down his [Music] rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. [Music] rain down. Yes, Lord. Rain down. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. Indeed, he's worthy, isn't he? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just go to him in a word of prayer before we turn to the [Music] scriptures. Lord [Music] Jesus, we so thank you Lord once again for your mercy and grace. Thank you for the privilege that we have to Lord be able to come and assemble together. Thank you father for the ability to be able to be here tonight. Lord we just your presence is here Lord. Oh God is your children Lord just coming and and you coming according to your word for you. You dwell in the praises of your people Lord. Father, beyond all of the toils of life, beyond all of our feelings, beyond everything, Lord, from the weak and the day, we've come here, Lord, to worship you. For Lord, you are worthy, Father. So, Lord, we ask God for your strength even in this moment that you would give us grace to move beyond, Lord, the weariness and tiredness of the day. God, may you anoint us with your spirit, Father. Grant it, Lord, carry us, Lord, from just this physical address, Lord, into the realities of heavenly places tonight. We pray. Lord, may you minister to every each and every heart, each and every need, Lord. We commit ourselves into your hands, Lord. And we want to say we love you, Father. May you minister to every need now, Lord. The unspoken request that's among us, Father. Grant it Lord we pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's let's go in the scriptures here to 1 Corinthians chapter 12. And I also want to remind those of you that haven't uh picked up the books that were ordered. Um my wife, she'll be back there in the the office that's right next to mine and uh quite a bit have already has already picked them up. There also is um extra books and things. So, if you want if you need a book, you didn't order a book or someone at some point in time, just um uh let her know so we can at least get it written down so we can get those because I I don't even have those out right now of the extras uh that we ordered and just tried to have a few extra on hand and especially now since those books come from China, but I think they would be worth a high tariff. But it's true. And so, you know, I got to thinking about that today. I thought, my, you know, and um so um they're there. And also the tracks, the tracks are setting out there on that um little place that sometimes you write out um requests over here in Spanish and in English. And so, um, we're going to try to get and put some labels on the back of those for this church here because it has Believers International on the back, which I really don't, it's fine with me, but if you're passing them out local, uh, so someone can at least get in contact and I'll try to put the email address that I have just kind of designated for church related matters. And that way, um, we have something to to go with on that. So, we'll work on that. But, um, it's just good to be here, is it? It's good to be together. Hallelujah. Amen. Just a wonderful time there on Sunday and Amen. just a wonderful presence of the Lord and God is so good to us. Amen. 1 Corinthians 12 and we'll begin with verse uh 7. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. For to one is given by the spirit of the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge by the same spirit, to another faith by the same spirit, to another the gifts of healing by the same spirit, to another the working of miracles. Then if we can just I'll skip to verse 11. But all these workketh that one and selfsame and the self-samed spirit dividing to every man severally as he will. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word. As you're being seated, I'd like to continue that tonight here on the other spiritual gifts. I'm going to try to uh finish up on the gifts of healing and then go right into the working of miracles. And I just want to kind of come across on some of the the high points within it within those. And so um as I said, if at any time that the notes on any part of this series, uh you want that or if you want slides and notes, just just you can mention it to me or maybe we can send it out by email. Um and then you can just uh take it from there because I have a whole lot more notes than what I present on my slides. Um so with just looking at these things and just trying to comb it through the message and we know in looking at this uh brother Benham would you know standing in the time that when the message is striking uh the earth and this message that we're under is the promised uh message of restoration and so it is indeed the end time message and um you know uh many uh looked at that of what took place in Isuza Street and it was a great It was the restoration of the gifts, the baptism of the Holy Spirit. But that was only it was a closer it was a closer way than what sanctification was like we looked at on Sunday. But it was still when we understand it, it was still the shuck. And so within that of being the shuck, the final stage, there's four stages to life. And that fourth stage would be where the word himself comes into our midst. And that's where that where the message of the hour then coming in in this in this time um you know uh it it didn't didn't do away with anything because it was the life that was traveling all the way up. As a matter of fact, you read in history and Luther himself had uh the gifts of the spirit and he himself spoke in tongues and and so forth. So the gifts of the spirit were were were always there throughout uh within Luther and Wesley and uh you know and and and so forth. But God had a had a prescribed time that when that would be restored of the supernatural back to the church. But my my point is is that with that of the gifts, the gifts were not the goal or the or the finality or the we had arrived but they came and then you know brother Brandham says many different places of how that you know in the time uh the ways that they have been used or let go and he says it's caused a lot of confusion and the desire was that he said you know in some places he said I'd love to have a tent and just set this up and really do some apostolic teaching. and within that and we understand that you know there's an there's an element that when the Holy Spirit he comes among us there's things that the spirit of God will teach us in a way as far as that something to me I've always been amazement in some instances where persons didn't have to be taught certain things and yet when it lays in the word it lays there so that it might be taught so there's times for things to actually be taught and God wants us to be posted it's just like when what laid here in the scriptures with uh tongues interpretation and those things uh many of those with the gifts those were covered quite a bit even when brother Brandham was asked many of the questions within church order questions and answers God being misunderstood and even in questions and answers in ' 64 and other places of questions and answers really centered around those those two uh gifts um but yet we know that there's a need for teaching because teaching itself It really sets the the direction and as brother Bram says when they received these gifts he said the people just made havoc of it. He said especially the Pentecostal people until it had without teachings with just merely the spirit they brought down all kinds of modern fantastics and and they brought disgrace and shame on the word of God because that stuff isn't in the word. Now, Brother Bram goes into how all of those things continue to branch out. And and what he's speaking of here is how that with things being not brought under the subjection of the word and the teaching of the word, then it just leads to confusion. It leads to reproach and it gets to a place to where that you can really understand when Paul would write to the Thessalonans and say despite don't despise prophesying. Well, if he's telling them don't despise it, then evidently there's been something that has been done or dis or shown that could cause people to draw back and say, I don't want nothing to do with that at all. And so, Brother Bram even tells us, I think I read you a quote about a month ago or so on a Sunday service where brother Ram says, "It seems like sometimes from all of the impersonations and things that's been done and the misuse of gifts, he said it's actually caused a complex within people and to where that people say, well, I I don't want none of that." And then we also have this to where that you know uh that some can look at these statements within the word in the message of the hour in like what I was making here earlier that the gifts were not the goal and they'll take statements in that way and as though that the gifts uh they're no longer needed. But if God put them in the body, they're here. Amen. And he's not going to take them out. They're needed the whole way through. That's that's one of the things you know that when we uh God uses it as as it is needed. The message of the hour didn't do away with it. It only put it in its position. And then with that what the message of the hour did, it brings such a relationship between us and God to where that bringing our place our faith to where it's resting on the word of God. It's it's not our our faith is not in if I do this or if I do that or if I feel this or feel that or if so and so prays for me. And look, I believe we ought to have confidence. There's sometimes that you know what that we might need someone and you might have someone. There's a confidence for them to pray for you. And I believe that that's exactly right. According to the word of God, sometimes we go through things, but I believe that within it all that the message of the hour, it brings us to a place of a real faith in the word of God. And so within that when we look here at the the gifts I'm just going to jump right back into this on the gifts of healing and and so with it on the gifts of healing noticing brother Bram says you know what the gift of healing is. It's faith in healing. You just release your faith to pray for somebody. That's all a gift of healing is every minister should have it. Everybody see should have gift of healing. Now watch the power that heals you. Now he's talking to the individual who's being prayed for. The power that heals you is on the inside of you. The Holy Spirit, you just have to let it work its way out. Because remember what is the Holy Spirit? It's the faith of God. Is that right? And so now the prophet goes on and he says you know with within looking at this uh you know he says a gift of healing doesn't mean that he gives you power to heal someone. It means that he gives you faith for their healing and to get it. So God gives you faith for their healing. Now watch this next part. It has to work together. A person that's being prayed for has to also have that faith or it would never work. The individual, it's your own personal faith in a finished work. I think one of the things we can see and I gave the the testimony at times I I think I gave it with concerning to brother Gabriel and his praying for him and then uh times when I prayed for others. You you just you just are wanting to see I want to see where where individuals are at. And and I'm not talking about whether they're a believer or not. That's one thing. But even for sometimes as a believer, we can get, you know, just we just need a little encouragement. And you begin to talk about the Lord and begin to talk about his faithfulness and and you begin to speak about him, he draws near. And that that in itself begins to, you know, speaking about his word just begins to build faith. And and then what's it doing? It's building the faith for that of that individual. And if God's put that burden on your heart, maybe he hasn't, and you're just there fellowshipping and all of a sudden it drops in that moment. See, it's a sovereign thing. Sometimes it is, as brother Bram is speaking here, that here God has given that it's dropped in your heart to pray for that individual or to get with that individual. But you know, it'll always it'll have to be faith on both ends. So this is why that gifts of healing, it's faith working on both ends. And that's why when brother Brand would say this over and over that a gift of healing isn't something that's in somebody to heal somebody else. The person being prayed for has to also have faith themselves. Now he says it's the prayer your prayer. Your prayer. Now remember if you're going to be healed don't think that somebody that's got a gift of divine healing heals you. If you're going to be healed by divine healing, you are the one that's got the gift of healing. It's your faith in Christ, not this person, no other man. It's your own individual faith in Christ. And he says, "How many understands that?" So, it comes back to even what we were working with even in the first part of uh to another faith when it's speaking of even that of the g a gift of faith. It's dealing with faith for deliverance, faith for healing. And that's what a gift of healing is. It's faith in healing. And so when it's when you see really within these we're going to cover here tonight, it's it's faith working uh even in a gift of healing. It's faith working in the working of miracles all the way through. And so here I it's it's your faith. It's the faith of the individual that is praying and it's the faith of the individual that's being prayed for. Brother Bram says, "I could do nothing. I could pray for you or your neighbor can pray for you. But it's your faith that does the healing. You accept yourself individually what Christ has done for you. You lay hold on it and it's the truth. Now, I I think to me when we're looking at this, it's not just understanding the gifts of healing, but it should also in a place of how that God would work to so uh build our faith and how that when we approach the promises of God, I you know, over and over, Brother Brandham would lay this out so clearly in the message and he wasn't trying, you know, to be repulsive with things, just truthful because Satan will work upon people sometimes, you know, they come and maybe they just come and it's just, you know, they're just kind of haphazard and they really don't know and well, I don't know, maybe I'll get the Holy Ghost. I don't know, maybe God will heal me. And that's why brother Bram says just sit in your seat. He said, cuz it ain't going to do you no good. You see this atmosphere up here and and coming in that way that that's not going to change. You have to understand that when we approach God, the foundation is he that cometh to God must believe that he is and he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Amen. Because then it's that faith on the inside that then is connected and the promise of God is being brought down not just for the moment but for you to hold on to your healing. All right. Amen. Now with this here remember that how God you know with this and working in such an individual way. You remember the situation brother Brandham talked about with brother Krauss and brother Krauss was a man that he had a he had contact with brother Brandham had contact with oral Roberts and brother Brandham will tell this in many of the uh messages on divine love and uh any of those messages that you would listen to most of the time he'll tell this story and he talks about how that brother Krauss had developed a kidney condition and when he developed that kidney condition he just said well you know I'll just go have dinner with or Roberts he'll pray for me and it'll be gone and so Brother Brham said, "Brother Krauss went with brother Oral Roberts. They had a nice steak dinner." He said, "Oro oral Roberts prayed for him." He sat and it lifted. He said, "But in two days it was back, right?" And so he said then, you know, he said, "Well, I'll just call brother Brandham up." So he called Brother Brandham, had dinner with brother Brandham. Brother Brandham, you know, is looking and and he says, "Well, I don't see anything that would be hindering the healing." So you see, even in that matter, it wasn't unconfessed sin that allowed it to come back. Right? This is why we need all this. why we don't want to don't get in a hasty hurry to all of a sudden judge something. Brother Bram tells us over and over, especially when he's dealing with these things, he said, "Many times we're prone as human beings to misjudge things." And so just let it just let it let it manifest itself. And so here with this, you know, uh with brother Krauss had come back from Brother Oral Roberts and Brother Bram's praying for him and he says, "I don't I don't see anything that's wrong, you know, anything in your life." And and so he's praying for him and nothing transpires. And brother Krauss comes in to he has to now going to have the surgery. And the thing about the surgery was there was a 1 in 10,000 chance that he wouldn't make it through that surgery. And so brother Krauss laid there on the table and and all of a sudden he says as he was laying there before the surgery he just begin to think upon the Lord and he be to say Lord how I love you. How I just appreciate you Lord. How good you've been. How faithful you've been. And he says the next thing he know he wakes up from the surgery and the doctors the surgeon said there was such an atmosphere such a presence in that room. I want you to notice brother Brown tells us in that message on love he says what it was he says is brother Krauss you know it just it kind of got his confidence in in certain in certain places and and God allowed that to come back into a place to where the only object of love and adoration is the Lord Jesus Christ. Right. So, it's such a balance in having confidence. And I believe that God God has placed these gifts within the body. But we never we never never ever want to make our life to where that we can only uh have healing or only live victorious. If either so and so's preaching or so and so is praying for me or so and so does this that then what happens is you you are paralyzing that part of the body which you are a part of. God is God no matter where he's at. And you know, God doesn't have it doesn't have to be Thursday night at 7 for God to heal you. God, when you have a need that arises in your body, you can call God on the scene and God can minister to your need right there. So, we don't want to confine God through a box. If anything, we want to actually understand his miracles. That's what Israel didn't do. Israel didn't understand his miracles. And so every time a situation came about, Israel was out there saying,"Great, now here we are. What's going on? I mean, why's this?" And you know, they're just like, "Come on, come on. I mean, where where's this at? I want quails. I They became more impatient." And it and and that's why David said they understood not all his miracles. The reason God moves in that way he would move through an individual is not so that we become reliant on that person but it's really if we can understand it it's God letting us know his love and his care for us and he's right there with us now you know it's just like many other examples but I just want to move on here tonight but you know You had a situation even you know when looking at how that the word itself when the word is being preached. Brother Bram as I gave you a few examples last week with different ones and brother Bram said one of the gifts ways the ways that the gift of healing it can be administers he said you can take a good Bible expositor a master teacher he said of the word he said and they can so lay that word out there that it can make cause you to see the finished work. Now I'll tell you there's it's not the man remember it's a gift of healing that's working it's not the man it's not his ability to explain it it's coming into that channel and God is operating within that way now you and I can we are we the ones to determine that's the way that this particular way it's going to come no works in such a multi-faceted way to do what why does he always do it within this way so that our faith will rest solemnly in him. So, in other words, you're not saying, "Come on, brother Samuel. Hurry up. Hurry up. Hurry up. Come on, man. Hurry up. Hurry up. I I I want to be prayed for at the end of service." You can miss what God wants to do right now. Hey, the prophet of God said, "There's many ways. God can heal by medicine. God can heal by love. God can heal by music. It just depends on what kind of healing you have need of. So I believe that we are witnesses of that how God can come and minister. We don't want to confine God to any way. We just want to say Lord you know my need and God might indeed take that and most times if you have that where it's building faith is being built and and I like I've said this before sometimes you can see this in a real uniqueness of service and you know sometimes where a brother will get into a such a vein and man it is it is backing the devil up in a corner it no is not even no is almost like wiped out of the dictionary. Amen. You understand? You've no doubt got some in your mind right now how how God will do that. That's that's special. That's needed. God doesn't want and and I know brother Codri wouldn't mind me saying this. God's not interested in brother Codry that he's got to be a deep teacher or brother Daryl. They're evangelists and God uses that gift in that strain. Now, can God do that even through a teacher? Sure he can. Can he do it right through a pastor? Sure he can. Hey, let me tell you, God can do it right through you. So, we don't limit God or confined in a box. Has to be somebody else. What about your hands? Your hands have been sanctified. Your life has been cleaned up. Amen. You're not your own. You've been bought with a price. These nine gifts, spiritual gifts. Brother Ram said like this. He said, "It's like this tent." Or, "Can I use this building tonight?" And we're gathered inside of this building. He said they're here already. Those gifts are here already. They're not coming in. They're here. And that's why the prophet said, this is why he says, you want to be a prayed up congregation. You want to be praying, you know, and brother man, when he's talking about praying for those things. I have one particular quote. He's not talking about seeking after them, but he's talking about praying. In other words, just being in a manner of prayer because we have no idea the needs at times that come here among us or how God might use you in another capacity that's outside of these walls, but you're a part of the body. So, we want to be available. We want to be we want to be, if I can say like this, spiritual. And spiritual does not mean that I'm walking in the clouds. Spiritual means that I'm walking in step with him. My life is clear. My life is clean. And I'm just loving the Lord. He's the joy of my life. And I'm just available. I mean, the fork that's in the drawer that's clean, it's not no special fork. It's just available. If I need it, I go get it. Or the spoon. And that's how God requires us to live our life. That's a real spiritual life. A real spiritual life isn't that's odd. You're making you are making yourself odd. That's right. And that causes others to lose confidence. We don't have to do that. We have nothing to prove to anybody else. We just want to be part of the other forks in the drawer. Is that right? Hallelujah. Maybe God wants to use a short fork or long fork. Whatever it is, whatever it is, Lord. So we understand that with this notice how the disciples they this was after the man at the gate called beautiful was you know was uh was healed and and Peter and John and them you know man they were beaten and and so forth and and here they are sent back to the company that had been praying on them praying for them and this was the prayer among the church Lord behold their threatenings remember they told them don't you be don't you be don't you be teaching in this name no more and we just just seal it up just shut it up. But you know what happened? The reason this happened, Brother Brmond says the devil on the day of Pentecost, he didn't even get out of bed when the Holy Ghost was poured out. He said, "But when that man at the gate called beautiful was healed," he said that got the devil mad. You know why? Because the life that was in the body was traveling through the body. Amen. And it was God giving witness through their lives. And that's why brother Brand said, "You let divine healing strike." And he said, "Every rogue hound out of hell, we'll take right after it and try to disprove it and try to talk it down." You see, this is why that that Satan, no wonder he wants to try to take things from the church of what belongs to us. Let me just tell you something. What God has given to us, it belongs to us. And we God will use it as it's needed. I'm not going to tell you the person's name, but you know, it's like a person, they had a lot of stock pots and all of a sudden when Instapot came out, they got rid of all their stockps and all they had was an Instapot. They thought this was going to do the need for everything cuz it can act like a stockp. The problem was is that when we had a fellowship dinner, they realized an Instapot's not going to do. a stockp is the or you know a crockpot is the one that'll warm things up and it'll keep it warm and sustained. And so then their precious husband had to go out and buy a crockpot. I don't know. I don't know. I'm not here to discern whether that was a ploy just to get a new crockpot or not. But anyhow, don't mean to cause no trouble, but you know, you understand what I'm saying that when God has put something, it's not for you and I to disqualify it. The message of the hour never took away any scripture. Never. It didn't do away with justification. It brought that revelation on a higher level that you were you were justified in that you you never did it in the first place. It took you back to the mind of God. It never did away with it. They simply put it in place and in order that the church of the living God could rest. Hallelujah. Now, this is why it goes on. I want you to notice it says, "By stretching forth thine hand to heal, and that signs and wonders may be done by the name of thy holy child, Jesus." Look at the request. the stretching forth of thy hand, Lord, that the signs and wonders may be done by the hand of thy holy child, Jesus. Well, he's got no other hands but our hands. And the Bible said, "By the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people, and they were all in one accord in Solomon's porch, and the rest there no man join himself to them." But the people magnified them, and the believers were more added to the Lord multitudes, both of men and women, in so much that they brought forth the sick into the streets, and laid them on beds and couches, that at the least the shadow of Peter passing by might overshadow them, or some of them. And there also came out multitude of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing sick folks and them which were vexed with unclean spirits, and they were healed, everyone. Now, I want you to think about this. It was God operating through the hands of the apostles. And this very thing here where they laid them in the shadow, it was not the man that healed them. It was not Peter that healed them. But the P brother would tell us and he would take brother Ram would spend quite a few different times in services and speak to us in this way. He said you know after Jesus went away many of the beloved people of God were sick and afflicted. God gave Peter the gift of divine healing. And the people got healed because God testified through Peter of the gift of divine healing just like he testified through Elisha as a prophet, through Moses as a deliverer, through Christ as a son. And brother Ram will continue to pick this point up and he said what it was. He said God had sent Peter for a specific work to do. Now all of them, all of the apostles were involved here. But brother Brandham just you know he he shows such in this place where he's talking about Peter and you know Peter was a great man of faith but you recognize that even when you look at that of the body and and then this really could actually go into a different service but you know brother Brandon would talk about how that Peter with that gift of faith was actually that uh you know uh and that that was given for a specific work but when you look at John John 1 John 2 John third John John the very one remember who wanted to call down fire on out of heaven on the Samaritans. Remember that the very one who said, "Lord, shall we call down fire from heaven?" He became the the very vessel that love that God chose to manifest love through. You know, you might look and say, "Why can't I be like somebody else?" Maybe God hasn't called you to be like that. Maybe what God has called you to be is a channel that forgiveness can be displayed through. Love can be displayed through. That's exactly what brother Brandham is talking. I mean, what a I mean, what a miracle in itself. Here is the same man who was wanting to call fire down out of heaven. And now this is the same one who all that he could speak about is the love of God. Is that right? Oh my. Hey, it's no marvel. Look what he done in your life. Look what he done in our in each of our lives. Amen. My Lord, we were, you know, doubt some of us might have been so mean that a rattlesnake might have seemed harmless compared to us. But notice within this, I want you to notice this principle. Peter understood this. For when he said, "Ye men of Israel hear these words, Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles, wonders, and signs which God did by him in the midst of you as you yourselves also know." So the confirmation of the word was confirming with miracles, wonders and signs. And you know, God knows just what's needed, right? Amen. You know, you you and I could say, "Oh, oh, this is what needs to be done." No, just God knows. Listen, God knows how to get a hold of everybody. He knows. He's never lost sight of you or I. He knows how. And you know what? It's it's not us to pushing or trying to get somebody. But you know what? Just just being available and however God wants to do it. But I'll tell you, God always confirms his word. And listen, this message though, though the seventh angel left, but the mighty angel is still accompanying this message. He's the same one moving among us, healing those that are sick in their body, delivering the captive, filling with the Holy Ghost. He's the same angel of the Lord among us. Now, this is why when it comes down to it and you look at it that the brazen serpent, remember they were to raise that up and whoever look and live. It wasn't the brazen serpent had hands that came out and laid hands on them, but they looked and and they lived because they had confidence by seeing what God had done through that. It was not the water in the pool of Bethesda that healed them. It was their faith in an act of God of what? God coming down through him by the angel and stirring up the water. It was God. And that's why brother Brand was saying that even when Peter had received this gift of healing, he said the people laid in his shadow and was healed, it was not the man, but their faith in God that was in the man. All right. It was the same way with Paul with the laying on of handkerchiefs and and so forth. It was the spirit of God in the man that done the healing through the faith of the people. This is why it's gifts, right, of healing, right? Gifts because it it's so diverse of how that God would actually do this at times in the ways that it would it would actually come about. Let me just read this to you. Brother Bram says there's no such thing as the gift of healing because it's in the plural. It's gifts. God works in many different ways to heal the sick. Sometimes preaching the word, sometimes a neighbor sitting by you, you'll just lay your hand over on you and you feel feel like he should do so. Always do that. Whatever a bornagain child of God feels to pray for the sick, that's the Holy Ghost moving in you to do so. No matter who's going to pray for the person, you go ahead and pray for him anyhow. Amen. Well, I I know Brother Daryl's here tonight. If you feel to pray for him, right? Amen. Brother Bam's been relating this because of multiple events in his ministry. Sure. Oh my. So when we come to that, this is just another, you know, a little bit of an angle on gifts of healing that actually the prayer of faith is that that's what gifts of healing is. It's the prayer of faith. Notice the scripture very familiar. If any sick among you, let them call for the elders of the church. Wow. It I I thought maybe I maybe better read this again. Maybe this isn't the New 2025 version. The New 2025 version said, "Is any sick among you? Wait for somebody to contact you and then if they don't blast them on Instagram, tell them how uncaring they are on Facebook. No, that's that's the lady version of the new home. This is the order. See, sometimes the simple simple things and we wonder, God, where are you at? That's right. You got to follow his word. That's the truth. Is that right? Right. The Bible said, "Let him call for the elders of the church, and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up." So the prayer of faith, that inspiration given by God, and it's God who does the raising up. If they've committed any sins, they shall be forgiven them. So, Brother Brham says God puts some in the church to be gifts of healing. That's prayer of faith, right? He says, now, Brother Brham goes into this, and you you've heard this many many times of how that brother Brandon would talk about how in ways that with this uh uh of of working with people. You you have to be sensitive and be able to enter in. I I tell you, I really think we're living in an age and of a time we got to understand that there's nothing new under the sun, but we're in a we're in a battle. And Satan works to battle to where it's like sometimes you get in and you're just almost like I'm glad I made it across the threshold of the door or when where things are compounded and it's just it's an age of like a wearing out. That's exactly what was coming or came down in Egypt right before the Exodus. They told them make brick without straws. When when the Exodus started to be announced in their heart, things started to move in their life. That's where Satan said, "Let me just let me wear him. Let me just let me just overwork him. Let me just get let me just get into in into that place." Why? His objective is is to where that we uh don't we we're no longer available or useful. Now, I'll just say it like this. God knew we were going to be here in this time. That's right. I do not believe that God and I just say this. I say it very frank to you. God's not called you to do what God's called me to do. He's not called you to study or to listen to, you know, as many messages and going through all this. God's not called. Yes, you get into it, but God's not called you. So, don't don't don't put a requirement on your life that's not there, right? But to but to understand this part of it that God knows exactly where we're at. And you know what? Even sometimes when you're driving there to work, you're coming home, or even through the time, Lord, give me the strength. Give me wisdom. If there's something that I could be a little bit more wise in this area, you know what you're doing? You're trying to redeem back time. So don't just we don't want to we realize we're not defeated. We're not helpless. I know sometimes we feel like you you start feeling helpless. Then you then you you you let that go and then you start feeling worthless. Because you know why? You were put here for a purpose. And your purpose, yes, there's a part of it in your natural life, but it is much deeper than that. You're here to display God. Amen. You're here to manifest God in your where your light shines. So with that, you know, I'm saying that with a sense because sometimes we can just become it's almost just like one day's ending if I could just make it to the next day. And we that's why brother Brandon would make the statement in fundamental foundation of faith. He said, "God, help the people to see that their purpose is not just to go to work, come home and read the newspaper, go to bed, and get back up the next day, and then go to church on Sunday." But God, help them to realize they're to be channels. They're put here to be branches. And so, you know, that's why I'm saying that, you know what? Don't don't don't try to figure it out. Just say, "Lord, here am I. I'm your branch, Lord. Lord, you know the capacity that you're choosing me. I don't have to try to imagine something in my mind. I'm just going to take the word that you're speaking to my heart and I'm going to say, "Be it unto me, Lord. Lead me, guide me, teach me, show me in the season of life that I'm in." Because how many know seasons of life change changes, right? Sometimes even your stamina and everything else, you know, I remember one of the times I I'd call my brother, you know, because when I first started pastoring, uh I may be off on a rabbit trail here, but let's just go with it. I remember, you know, I first started pastoring. My goodness, man. I was I was just, oh, man, just getting digging right in there. And here I was, you know, I was used to because I was preaching a lot on Thursdays. But then when I started pastoring, here I am going, you know, in both service of the week, man, I just, you know, after dinner, then I would go in the office, be there sometimes to 1:00 in the morning, turn around, get up at 5:30, get on the treadmill, run, and then go to work and man, come home, you know, man, I was just going and going and going and and then I hit sometime later, I think it was maybe in my mid30s, man. Man, man. Man, I I got I got the feeling like I was backslid because you know why? I couldn't keep the same schedule, right? I'd find myself on Mondays. Oh my goodness. And and Tuesdays, you know, mentally now then even the the the strength in my body. And I remember I called my brother and this was just a a wonderful conversation of wisdom. And I told him, you know, I just my heart was just kind of breaking, you know, because I I said, I want to give my all to the Lord. I don't want to. Look, God knows I want to give him my all and for his people. I want to do that. And my brother just he made a statement. He said, "Hey, Sam." Yeah. He said, "How old you say you was? I know that wasn't very spiritual, but it helped me. It was a season of life, and sometimes the enemy likes to beat us up, and it's just a change in a season of life." And let me just tell you something. I got to go with this. The same God in the spring is the same God in the summer. He's the same God in the fall and he's the same God in the winter. He's the same God in every season. Seasons might feel a little different, might look a little different. The light may not be as bright sometimes, but he's still God. No matter the change of season, he's still God. You love him. Amen. This is why brother Brandon when he makes this statement, he says, "If I ever had a time of success of praying for anyone, it's when I could enter into the fellowship with them and I could feel their infirmities, feel their conditions, then something in you goes down beyond the reasoning." And prays the prayer of faith for the sick. He said, "You got to feel for a man. You've got to sympathize with him. You've got to be with him before you can help him. And then you enter into some sort of a deepness. It's the love of God. It's beyond human love. So I want to just say to you here tonight as a believer, you have the same authority. Amen. In praying for the sick, you have the same authority. No doubt you you could go back in your mind and you could remember times praying for your children and on and on, loved ones, so forth, but you have the same authority. Brother Bram says if your pastor happens not to be in town or or he's not right there close by you. He said you don't have to wait till a divine healing program comes in to be healed. He said maybe there your pastor might be off somewhere but that good Holy Ghost fililled sister or brother that lives next door to you has the same authority. Is that right? He said that minister has just as much right or any other minister or not only a minister but any Christian who's a believer to pray with faith the prayer of faith. Anybody who believes in praying for the sick, believes in divine believes in divine healing. Anybody, woman, man, boy or girl, how many say, "Lord, I believe right there." Watch. He said, "I've seen my little girl that's only three years old, only three." Prayed for a crippled child and it was healed for her little heart. Watch. watch her little heart begin to beat. She said, "Daddy, look at that little girl." I said, "You I said, "Pray for her, honey." And a week or two from that, the child was well. Didn't you catch how Brother Ram said that? Brother Ram didn't say, "Oh, go pray for her." But he caught that. She was burdened for that little girl. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When God gives you a burden for somebody, that's why I say, "God, let me just be sensitive. I don't want to be wrapped up in my own world. Amen. I don't I don't want to be wrapped up. It's so easy. We're living in an age where the spirits of this age. It's about self. That's a sign of a peerless time. Lovers of themselves. It's a spirit that's out there. God, I don't want to be wrapped up. I can become so wrapped up in my life that I can I can set. You know how it is? You can sit in the same house and not even know what's going on with the people in your house. Is that right? Yeah, we can do that within the church as well. I'm not telling us to become social bunnies. I'm telling us that we are believers. Amen. We're part of a body of believers and and God help me to be sensitive to where that if God he can drop that burden, then look, your prayer is what's needed. Amen. God's entrusted that burden to you to pray for him, to enter in for him. And a week or two from there, the child was well. God hears anybody's cry that'll believe. And that's the reason you ask others to believe because you're binding your faith together to move away that power of doubt. Brother said, "Divine healing does not lay in any man anyhow." It's in a finished work. Your faith in a finished work. A gift of healing is merely a gift of healing. A gift of faith for healing. Now, a gift of healing does not have to be a pastor. It can be a lay member. The leoty can have the same thing. I remember you've heard me refer to it many times. Brother Bramble will refer to this of that little lady who she saw the the other sister with the baby standing and she became so burdened on her heart and she thought, "No, no, I I can't go. I can't go pray for her. I can't go pray for that baby. And then she got up and she said, she seen her standing. She said, would you take my seat, please? I see you standing with that child. Would you here? You can have my seat. And then she went on how Brother Bram goes through to describe it that she just got so on her heart and she said, "Would you mind if I just got this off of my heart?" Brother Bram said she was just a common little church girl, little mother. I like how those details are put in there. Amen. because she got on her heart. She said, ' Would you just mind if I just get this off my heart that I can't get it on my heart to pray for your baby, but I want you when that prayer card is called and I pray that it is, I want you to go up there and let Brother Brandon pray for it. Because she was struggling, the person who was being moved by God, she looked at it and said, "Lord, I can't pray for that baby. Brother Brandon's going to pray for that baby." But see, God was putting it on her heart. You see what it was? She had a feeling for that baby. And that's why brother Ram said when the result came forth and the little mother passed through with that child up here and I love how brother Ram described it. He said that that little one that had prayed, that little lady that had prayed for the other, she was sitting there saying, "Oh, thank you, God, that her prayer card was called. Thank you, Lord, that her prayer card was called." And when she got up here, Yes. Amen. said, "Your baby had such and such and such and such disease, but it's already healed. He was healed when this sister before the service prayed for. I don't just look at the healing, but I'm watching. I've always watched how that person was with the burden on their heart. They were still wanting that individual. Oh God, thank you that their prayer card was healed. Because you know why? To God be the glory. To God be the glory. With the desire for one thing, to see the body helped and edified. That's right. This is why brother Ram says if you feel led just go to the end of it there. If you feel led to go pray for somebody go do it. That's if you've got the Holy Spirit. God is leading you to do those things. He said I believe that gifts of healing it's in the church. Don't have to even be don't have to be a preacher even just a lay member feels led to go pray for somebody go do it. That's a gift of healing working in you. Now, let me just switch over here very quickly on the working of miracles. This isn't I'm not going to spend a long time on this, but just to switch over here on this on to another the working of miracles. Now you know brother Brandham will take then he's very careful to continue to deal with among the people among these things even when it comes to um in divine healing that there there's a difference miracles brother Brham said even when there's a vision that's given hey that's a miracle that's supernatural when a vision is given but with miracles themselves these are things that take place uh either right there or it's just right shortly after. It's just it happens. And that's nothing that is that that is just sovereignly given by God. It's sovereignly given by God. But then there's also that of that gift of healing that praying for healing. Sometimes there's miracles in that, sometimes it's not. You can see how they overlap. But there's other times where a word will just drop through the preaching. Right? Remember, brother Brandham, if you listen to works as faith express, he's one he said, "Oh, I want to have an oldfashioned prayer line." This is one of the last few messages he preached. But he he says, "I I want to speak to you on the real basic of divine healing." And he deals with the bedding ground, the good ground that's able to receive the seed. And he's dealing with it's got to be faith that drops that faith and how that'll drop in your heart. And I love how Brother Brham says that in that message. He says, look, he says, don't just, it can't just be something on the intellectual, but I like how he says, but but but he said, if that's all it is right now, just hold on to that and keep confessing that promise. And he said, it'll drop down there. [Music] I'll tell you friends, I love this. I love the message of the hour. You know why? Cuz it don't it just doesn't put things in a box. It don't just leave you without a way out. Cuz you see, you know how it is. The devil, that guy's, I tell you, he he's not as faithful as God, but he's he's faithful. He's faithful to get on your shoulder and want to run you down and tell you why this or that and so forth. But look how the prophet will take that. Hey, we're not going to be troubled if that's all it is right now. It's in in your mind. Take it and keep confessing it and God will bring it to pass. So, there's a difference and brother, he wants to just establish this difference when he's talking about this workings of miracles. And he said many of you gets the wrong conception of divine healing. This is not a gift to perform miracles. Miracles is a separate and different gift from healing. It's a miracle every time when somebody a vision happens tells people what's wrong with them. That's a miracle. It's supernatural. That's a miracle. Now, he says, "Look, when Isaiah went up to heal uh Hezekiah, he said, he said, "You you believe God sent him up there and you believe after he told him he was going to die, set his house in order?" Well, when Isaiah went up and pronounced him to be healed, it was three days before Hezekiah regained enough strength to come down off his bed and go in the house of God to worship. And remember, he also was instructed to put figs. Right now, I don't know if he got the figs from Duterra or Young Living. I don't know if they came in a bottle, but I know one thing. Isaiah had the real essential oil of the Holy Ghost. Are you hearing me? And he put that. Remember, it was the figs that he instructed him. But this is my point. It was healing. It was three days before he got off the bed. But it didn't matter. It was finished in his heart. Amen. as soon as Isaiah spoke to him. See, that's the how divine healing will work. Sometimes it's a miracle right there. Or maybe you'll find it right after you get home. But then other times it's dropped and that's it. I I don't know how, but it's dropped. It's settled. I've got peace. It's it's just settled. And that that is something that when that happens in that way and we understand it, then it doesn't give the enemy any room to work. Brother Bram says it like this. He says, "If you had a cut on your hand, you done something for it, uh you done you done everything for it, just kept it just kept getting worse." After a while, you put something on your hands, it began to help. But it didn't get well, it's getting well. See, it didn't get well. Soon as you put that ointment on, right? Like when you had that cut on your hand, you put vitamin E on there, it all of a sudden, hey, hey, look. You didn't run out. Hey, Barb, look, look, look, look, look my hand. You didn't run out there like that. It you put that vitamin E and all that right there. And it's it's getting well, right? And that's what the prophet said. It's it's getting well. And when the curse of sickness is taken off you, not every time is it a miracle. Sometimes it happens spontaneously. Sometimes the curse is just gone and the cure follows it. He said, "Now listen, there's a hardly a time that within the space of 72 hours after a healing has taken place until Satan's right back at the place again. Cuz when the unclean spirit's gone out of the man, he walks in dry places and he'll return with seven other demons worse than himself. So the good man of the house, what is the good man of the house? Faith. So you know it's it's you say, well, why would brother Ram take that to explain that? Because we don't know how things are going to come out in terms of is it going to be spontaneous or not. It's just it's simple. We're coming with with an approach with faith in God's word. And look, if it doesn't happen right here in this moment, we're going to hold right on to him, it's it's something that's dropped in our heart. And it could just be that the curse has been spoken to and the cure will follow. Yeah. Now the scripture tells us that when the disciples went about the Lord as they went preaching and teaching the Lord was working with them and confirming the word with signs following. Now notice he was confirming the word. This is where the signs following and the miracles were being done. Even with this man at the gate called beautiful. The Bible said this man was above 40 years old on whom this miracle of healing was done. Right. Mhm. See, it was a miracle. It was a healing, but it was miraculous. It was spontaneous. He stood up, received strength right there. Right. Same thing with Paul. When Paul perceived that man had faith and he was preaching that time, he perceived he had faith and said, "Stand up." Right? It was it was a miracle. It was spontaneous. It wasn't healing. Like brother Bram says, the regular procedure where it just you you're prayed for, it drops, and you wait for it to come to pass. And this is why when brother Brandon says miracles has always stumped the unbeliever. Just the same our heavenly father is a miracle working God. Everywhere he's been, whatever his ministryy's been, wherever he's had his ministers, there's always been signs, wonders, and miracles. The scripture said Stephen was full of faith and power and did great wonders and miracles among the people. Well, Stephen didn't do it, but he was the vessel that God did it through. And this God used Stephen within his ministry. And now even when you look and consider of how that Philip here in Acts chapter 8, this is what I'm trying to even to see why God has a purpose even in all this that he'll do with the faith and the healings and the miracles. There's a purpose. God's not just doing this random. Remember, God doesn't do anything to clown or to show off. And and so when when they were scattered abroad after a great uh dispersion, trial and so forth among the church, verse 5, Philip went down to the city of Samaria, preached Christ unto them, and the people with one accord gave heed unto the things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did. For unclean spirits crying with loud voice came out of many that were possessed with them, and many taken with pauses that were lame were healed. What was they doing? They heard the word being preached and no doubt it was an atmosphere and that their faith God taking a hold as the word was being ministered and then God was right with them to confirm his word. And you know why brother Bram says it like this. He says when God sends he says not only all these five ministerial gifts but God sends all these other gifts. He said what it is, it's God's divine approach so that when this is made known and declared, the people can see that's the approach to God. It's God making himself known among us. That's what brother said. This discernment that's taking place up here on the platform, he said it catches. Remember, divine healing is what? Bait on the hook, right? It's not the end goal, right? Right. I mean, you don't you don't you know, catch the fish and take get out of here and eat and turn around and eat the bait. I mean, depends you if you've got carp or what. I don't know, you know, but but you may debate then, you know, but anyhow, you don't but it's bait on the hook. What is that? And let me just tell you something. When you and I can even, you know, hearing the message of the hour and then maybe seeing deep call to deep, let me just tell you something. You and I are not being held here because of of signs and wonders and miracles, but there's things that begin to resonate in our heart. And what we saw, we said, "That's more than a man. That's not a man." And something that you saw was different. This is not a hit and miss. And somebody here with a green dress has a backachche and maybe 50 people like that. But this was somebody who knew the situation right down to the address. and then hear the hear that gets your attention and that's all God wanted to do because what does that do? The prophet said when you see those things taking place then it causes you to look in your life and say if God can do that with that situation what about my life not just healing but in any phase of your life it's God building faith and then he comes right around and starts laying in the word and what is the word it's the reading of the pedigree of your marriage certificate so good and That's where our faith becomes anchored in the word of God. Our faith, our experience is a word experience. [Music] Glory be to God. And let me tell you something, God ain't throwing back the rainbow trout. This is what he went fishing for. He sent this message to get rainbow trout. God didn't take rainbow trout and say, "Oh my, look at this worm." No. The worm divine healing was on the hook to catch the rainbow trout. [Applause] But Samuel, I've known people that, you know, they come in contact with it and and you know, well, it's not for them. That is even ought to show every time within that of God's God's elective grace to you and I, it's nothing that we've done. We didn't believe enough and oh, one night, one night I got so desperate. No, the only way you could get desperate. I understand we have to get desperate. But you know the only way you could get desperate is because there's something in you to respond to the pulling of God. That's what it's about. It a it's not about you or oh I sought after God. No. The only reason you started that started rising in your heart getting stronger and stronger is because the magnet of his presence of his revealed word was moving upon your life. You're in the season, in the bedding of ground of time that God ordained for you to be in that the word would come to pass in your life and express itself in your life. Hallelujah. Where's denomination at then? Where's your efforts at then? Where's man's idea? Where's it at? It's nothing but Jesus. Hallelujah. You kind of feel like Peter. Let's build one to Moses. Let's build one to Elijah. And about that time, he said, "This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." What you see is Jesus only. Hallelujah. God was bearing witness, bearing them witness both with signs and wonders, divers, different kinds of miracles, gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own right will. So God was dispensing what was needed for that time. Right? How many of you I mean you could go right through the book of Acts. How many you remember you know Paul this one right here who it talks about how that Paul remember he he was there debating in the synagogue and all of a sudden they were such an uphe. So you know what God pulled those that did want to hear it out. That's what the scripture said. Pulled them out and then God got what did he do? He got them believers out of there and Paul kept on working with them. And the Bible says God God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul. What was that? That was for the children of God. That was to encourage them. Hallelujah. It's just like the same deputy that wanted to try to keep Paul in Acts 13. He didn't want, you know, he didn't want his uh his boss to believe, right? So Paul, remember Paul looked upon him and the spirit of God struck Paul and Paul said, "Oh, that child full of sility. Thou shalt be blind for a season." That happened. And his boss who was already hungering, he came to see the word. Why did God do that? Not to show himself, but it was for that one who wanted to believe. Aren't you glad that God knows just how to Do you love him? Brother Brandham, can we all do miracles? Yes. When you're directed by the Holy Ghost to do miracles, go do it because it's Holy Spirit directed. talking about that little woman who prayed for that other's baby. If that woman wouldn't have carried that out, what God told her, perhaps there would have been a rebuke in the spirit to her, she'd have disobeyed God. Always, if you're a Christian and something is persuading you to do something, go do it. Don't doubt it. Go do it. Everything in its time, season, order, right in its place, right? Everything within its season. but to see God supplies the needs right through all of these things. You love him. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's stand. You could read on and on of different ones with miracles had different things in here of Ireneius and St. Martin. I and just God just moving among his people in a special way. And I believe that God I believe God wants to move more in our lives. Yes. Amen. I I believe that you know I'm the only thing that I'm looking for is looking for more of him because if I'm looking for more of him then I'm looking in the right place. That's right. because I I want to I want to be so in tune with the giver because I need we need his leadership and his wisdom for the gifts that he has. But you know what he everything that he that we have need of is in him. Amen. And if anything at all that we would draw from this here is to recognize that you know what brother Bram would say it over and over many of these quotes that I have here that I'd aim read to you. Brother Brandon says, "Don't ever think that I'm just a lay member. I can't pray for anyone." Don't ever think that. He said, "If God moves in your heart, then you obey God." It's you you're not it's not you promising anyone a miracle. We don't know how it's going to come out. We don't know how the We don't know what what's going to take place. But I know this right here. If we just be sensitive to God, then you know what? God will move as as as the needs are present. You believe that? And we're also very much after coming out even of a service, we've witnessed this right here in this assembly where right through the preaching of the word situations. God has moved. Healing has taken place. Deliverance. So we don't limiting God, but it's however that God would choose to move. And so we don't have to say, as I said earlier, oh, I got to wait till the end of the service. You don't have to wait till the end of the service. You can draw on El Shadi right now. If you for us to have hands laid on us, that's no sign of a weakness of faith. That's a promise in God's word. So, we're not going to let the devil put us in a corner and shame us. Well, you should be the bride of Jesus Christ. You should have perfect faith. You should you see you you have to discern is this thing lifting me up or running me down. If it's running you down, it's the devil. He likes to be little. You know what he's trying to do? His whole thing is trying to break your confidence. But let me just tell you, every promise in the book is mine. Everyone. Everyone. Let's just pray. Maybe why don't we just Would you mind laying hands on one another? Would that be all right? You may have to slip out of your seat. I just was going to pray. I just in my heart I think that would be I think it'd be very fitting right now. Maybe a sister to the sister, husband and wife, however that you would you would feel comfortable. I want you to be comfortable. But if you need to slip to somewhere else and buy somebody, feel free to do that. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we certainly stand here as believers, Lord, by the grace of God. Lord, I know that you're all that we have need of. There's many needs, many situations that can be, Lord, right here among us tonight. No doubt, Lord, things that you have spoke to our hearts already. answers that's come. There's needs, Lord. And we're just, Lord God, as we obeying, Lord, in your word, you just said, "Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." Lord, maybe my brother, my sister, maybe they're not sick. But, Father, we as a priest want to stand in on their behalf. And we want to offer up a prayer, Lord, because we in our own individual life know what Lord, it is the pressures of this age that we're living in, the times that we're living in, how seasons change and and things Lord come, pressures, disappointments on and on. So we understand many of those things, Lord, through personal experiences. Now, Father, is that that person that Lord that we would have our hands laid upon, I pray that God made that same quickening power that not only raised our Lord Jesus up from the grave, but Lord was sent back, Lord, to quicken that seed within our life to kill that old nature and raise up that real son and daughter of God on the inside. That place, Lord, where it's a sacred sands. Lord God, we know what you did for us there. So Lord God, as you healed us, Lord, in our soul, you changed us, Lord God. Now, Father, you're the same God for healing. You're the same God for the need that would be in my brother or my sister's life. May you move, Lord, I pray, upon these needs in a special way. I pray that God, may sickness, Lord, discouragement, oppression, depression, anxiety. I pray heavenly father may the peace of almighty God just move down Lord in such a wonderful way Lord. May Father I pray your presence Lord that we sense Lord to be here right with us right now. I pray that God may it just come Lord like a refreshing Lord and an energizing oh God to the inner man that Father as we would walk out of this building tonight Lord. Oh, Father, our hearts have been renewed, have been refreshed in your presence, Lord. Our vision, Lord, has been renewed. And Father, we have been strengthened, Lord. Granted, Lord, I pray for we were a body. Lord, we're a body. And father, just like Lord, the nutrients travel through this body, the blood travels through the body carrying nutrients, oxygen, all of these other things, then Lord God, I pray may the spirit of the living God just move, Lord, through this body tonight, Lord, in the visible and invisible audience, Lord God, I pray for every need, Lord, as we place it before the throne of God under the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the glory of God. Amen. And amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. You are my Jesus. I I want to be more like [Music] you. I want to be a vessel you work through. I I want to be more like you. Oh Lord, I I want to be more like you. Jesus, I Oh, I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be more like. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. I want to be more like you, Jesus. side. Oh, I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you were. Yes, I want to be more like you. One more time. That's our prayer. Yes, Lord. more like you, Jesus. I Oh, want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you work through. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to be more like you. You know, you think about that. how sometimes with the circumstances of life that we go through. And earlier this evening, I was thinking about with that little lady I talked about that had that burden or that God put that burden on her heart. And you [Music] know, a good friend, Brother Nathan Bryant, he was talking to me the one time when brother Billy Paul had had, you know, come there to to the church and to visit, you know, at different times. There was family and so forth. And there was a a couple that had been trying to have a [Music] baby over and over and over. It was just at a point of just Brother Nathan, this is to me why I I I love things like this. He looked back there and he seen Brother Billy. He said, "Brother Billy, would you come here and would you pray with this family?" Now, yeah. How many How many of you been there to see Brother Bram's grave marker? Yeah. When you turn and look this way away from the tabernacle, the tabernacle will be down that way. When you look over here, you see all these little placards, stones around where brother Billy and Sister Lois are. You know what it is? It's steel burn, stillborn children. So many different ones were lost. And so with the children that brother Billy Paul has, if there's somebody, and I know there's others that could enter in, he came and he prayed. I don't have to tell you the result. God moved and gave that couple a baby. There's testimonies. I sat there with brother John Sanger and sat there with different ones um brother Billy's son and we sat there at the table and just sat there and talked about the amount of testimonies that's been throughout the world just just just on babies being born. We've got blue prayer cloths and pink prayer cloths. What color do you want? And they stood out. I I was just sitting. I was just standing in awe. But you see, this is my point within it. It wasn't brother Billy. He had a compassion for knowing what it was. Amen. To want a child and it not happen. And so because of that was able to enter in. I that's why I say that your your your circumstances of life, it's not just God proving to you who you are, but then through that God will turn right around and you'll be able to pray for that person's need. When God drops in on your heart like nobody else, you see what the devil meant for evil, God turns around for good. God is so good. He's so faithful. Oh Lord, I want to be more like you. Yes, I do. Jesus, I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be a vessel you work through. I I want to be more like [Music] you. Oh, I want to be more like Jesus. Oh, I want to be more like you. Help me Lord, I'll be a vessel. You work [Music] through me. Oh, flow through me. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through [Music] me as I lift my hands to worship. Found my name through me. Holy Spirit, oh let's let's sing it as a prayer. Lord, use me as a vessel. Flow through me, Holy Spirit. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through [Music] me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Oh yes, Lord. Lead me by your Holy Ghost, Lord, as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify thy name. Oh, through me. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Holy Spirit. Oh, hallelujah. Let's just see it one more time as a dedication before we're dismissed. Just one more time. S worship him now. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Oh yes, Lord. Flow through me. Holy Spirit blow through [Music] thee as I lift my hands to worship and to [Music] magnify your precious name flow through me. Holy [Music] Spirit. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Oh Lord Jesus, thank you for your word tonight, Lord. It's so precious. Lord, thank you, Lord, for reminding us and showing it so much more clearly what you provided, everything you provided for us on Calvary. Lord, by your stripes, we're healed, Lord Jesus. No matter how you choose to do it, no matter what vessel you choose to do it through, Lord Jesus, we're thankful for it every time it happens, Lord. We'll give you to you be the glory and honor every time you do it, no matter who you use. Lord, may you always get the glory. Help us, Lord. I want my life, Lord. Help me to live my life, Lord. Stay in contact with you, stay close to you, Lo, so that you want to pick me up and use me to pray somebody or you want to put it on my heart, to minister to someone else, Lord God, I'll be ready to do it. I wouldn't have to have a prayer meeting before I before we start praying for somebody else, Lord. But help us to stay ready to be vessels used by you to bless one another in the body. That if that be our ministry, Lord, may it be so, Lord God. Help us to fulfill it, Lord. Thank you for our pastor, Lord. appreciate the message tonight, Lord. Nobody, we didn't get to lay hands on We all laid hands on each other. We didn't get to lay hands on him tonight, but Lord, I pray a special blessing for him and for his body, Lord. Just give him strength and rest him, Lord. Amen. If there be any sickness, Lord, heal him, Lord. We'll be praying. We'll be praying for him. We'll be praying for one another until we meet again. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we ask you. Amen. Praise God. And the church said, "Amen." God bless you. The Lord be with you, watch over you until we meet again. Sing that song. Our God is [Music] tremendous. When I need healing, call on the Lord and he heals me as he helps me. He is faithful and true. won't forget his own. He's my companion, my best friend, only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus, lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. Strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save the sinner. He is almighty. He sent his angels to you and me. There is no storm too powerful. God cannot handle. God is a blessed reveal to you and me. How his glory gave us the victory. Greatest love [Music] story. When you're in trouble, trouble me. great enforcer. God Almighty, he will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come, not the way you think it should. My great Jehovah just loves a paradox. Stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. For our God is tremendous strength never failing. Close to the fire s is almighty. He says his angels. There's no s powerful God cannot handle. God bless revealed in you and me down from his glory and gave us the victory. greatest love [Music] story. When you need healing, Jehovah Rafa, he's already healed you. That's what he promised. With his stripes, you are already healed. Stay on his word. Look to his promise. He'll never leave you or forsake you. He's the same and forever. Oh our God is tremendous. Strength never failing. He goes through the fire. Hallelujah. He is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm powerful I can handle. God in simplicity revealed with you and me. Now from all his glory gave us the victory. Great is the glory. And when I'm in need call on the Lord, he hears me. He helps me. He is faithful. Yes, he's true and won't forget his own. He's my companion. My best friend, only true God. There's no one greater Jesus. Yes, our God is tremendous. Strength never failing. Goes through the fire just to save sinners. He is almighty. Angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. I cannot handle God in supplier. Down from his glory. Gave us a victory. Great as a one more time. Yes. Our God is tremendous. Strength never fail. It goes through the fire just to save a sinner. He is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm powerful God cannot handle. God is a blessing revealing you and me down from his glory. He gave us the victory. Greatest story. He came down from his glory. He gave us the victory. Greatest story. [Music]
