################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-29 - Church Order 14 - Subject to the Spirit 1 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-29
Title:   Church Order 14 - Subject to the Spirit 1 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obEfyT8E5to
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
39:25 - Ministry
1:50:15 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Oh, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. I've crossed over Jordan, Canadan's fair land. This is like heaven to me. Sing it again. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. As I've crossed over Jordan, Canaan's fair land, and this is like heaven to me. Yeah. We find many people who can't understand why we are so happy and free. We've crossed over Jordan, Canaan's fair land, and this is like heaven to me. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. Yeah. We've crossed over Jordan, Canad. And this is like heaven to me. So when we are happy, we sing and we shout. Some don't understand us. You see, we're filled with the spirit. There isn't a doubt. And that's what's the matter with me. Hallelujah. Well, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. Well, we've crossed over Jordan, Caten's fair land, and this is like heaven. I like this part right here. We've heard the sweet music, the heavenly core, from glory land over the sea. It's the soul thrilling message from Jesus our Lord. Hallelujah. This is like heaven to me. Yes, this is like heaven to me. Yeah, this is like heaven to me. Oh, we've crossed over Jordan is their land. And let's all stand and sing it. Sing that last verse again. Yes, we've heard the sweet music, the heavenly cord from glory land over the sea. It's the soul thrilling message from Jesus our Lord. And this is like heaven, too. One more time. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. Oh, we've crossed over Jordan, Canaan's fair land. This is like heaven to me. Yes, I've crossed over Jordan, Canadan's fair land, and this is like heaven to me. Amen. Somebody say amen tonight. Glory. Hallelujah. Good to be in the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. God bless you. It's wonderful to see everyone out tonight. Amen. How many is glad that God God got you through another week? Amen. Amen. Get to have some fellowship with him over his saints tonight. Let's just uh we've got some prayer requests here. We'll all read these and we all take them before the Lord. Amen. Just trust that he'll undertake for every single one of them. Rmen. Um let's pray tonight for brother Jerry and Sister Mina. They're traveling back to Tennessee tonight. Let's pray for safe travels for them. I appreciated that message this weekend. Just so good to have It's like old times having brother Jerry and Sister Mina back with us. Praise God. Brother and sister Gomez says, "Please pray for Linda Devilla." Uh the Lord's will for her. Davilla, right? Linda Devilla. God's will for her. Sister Stephanie says, "Please continue to pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord. Also pray for my grandson Jesse Ramsey. He has a special need on his heart." God bless you, Jesse Ramsey. We'll remember that. tonight. Does anyone have any prayer requests on your heart that you didn't write it down? Amen. You trust that God will undertake for you. Amen. Let's just pray for one another. Pray for this. How much help me pray for the pastor tonight. Amen. We love and we're trusting that God will use him to deliver a mighty message to us tonight. That'll Amen. Set our hearts free and Amen. Give us faith tonight. We love you, Lord, tonight, Lord. It's great to be here in the house of God. Get a chance to praise you and worship you, Lord. We're all tired from the week, Lord, and tired from working and things and traveling. But Lord Jesus, we're just looking for a refreshing from tonight, Lord, from the throne. Lord, just pour out the Holy Ghost tonight, Lord. Bless every person, no matter what they're going through, what kind of trial, Lord, or or maybe weariness of the body, from travel or from work. Lord, just give us strength tonight, Lord. The prayer quest that we've read, the hands that were raised, we're a needy people, Lord Jesus, and we're trusting in you tonight to move for every one of these, Lord. Our faith is that these will be these will be accomplished, Lord Jesus. And we'll give you all the glory, Lord. We'll start confessing that which we believe, Lord, and we look forward to it happening, Lord. Look forward to the testimonies, Lord Jesus. Just bless tonight's service, we pray. Bless our pastor as he brings the word of God, Lord. May it change our hearts, Lord, and bring us closer to you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Praise God. Church said, "Amen." God bless you. Shake hands with one another. Say, "God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. or wave at each other fist bump. Amen. Remember that time? How many times [Music] must I prove how much I love you? How many ways must my love for you? I show how many times must I resue. Thank you Lord from trouble for you to know how much I love you. Didn't I wake you up this morning? You were clothe in your right mind when you woke up on a problem. Didn't I step right in on time? When you got weak long last journey, my angels carried you so you would know how much I love you. Thank you, Lord. How many days must I be a fence all around? How many nights must I wipe your tears away? How many storms must I bring you safely through for you to know how much I love [Music] you. I put food on your table. Showed up when the bills were due. When the pains were racking your body, I sent it down to you. Hallelujah. When you were lost in sin and sorrow, I died to set you free so you would know how much I love. Sing that second verse again. Hallelujah. How many sledies a fence all around you? How many days must I be a fence all around you? How many nights must I wipe your tears away? And how many storms must I bring you safely through for you to know how much I love you. And I put food on your table. Showed up when the bills were due. When the pains were racking your body, I sent healing down to you. When you were lost in sin, and sorrow. Yes, Lord, I died to set you free. So you would know how much I love. One more time. I put food. I put food on your table. Showed up when the bills were due. When the pains were wrecking your body, I said, "Heal thee." Yes, you did, Lord. When you were lost in sin and sorrow, I died to set to free. So you would know how much I love you. So you would know how much I love you. He promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand when the valley's too low and the rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. from leading my feet to a straight. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Oh, I may have to walk through the valley of death and I may not be sure of my very next step. But he promised [Music] he promised to help me stay when the valleys do low and the rivers too wide. Promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. Never leave my feet to straight. Hallelujah. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. I may have to walk on the water with him. But I don't have to worry if I sink or swim. cuz he promised me my hand. Promised to help me stand when the valleys too flow and the rivers too wide. Promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised he lie my way. Never leave my feet to restrain. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Oh, I may have to walk through this world of sin. Help me out now, church, but with his spirit inside me, I know I'll wait. cuz he promised he'd hold my hand. He promised he'd help me stand in the valleys too and my rivers too wide. He promised me he would leave me to the other side. He promised he lie my way. Never leave my feet to straight. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises, one by one. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises, one by one. [Music] Amen. I've got peace. Peace. Yes. Wonderful peace coming down from the father above. Sweep over my spirit forever I pray. Hallelujah. In fact, thumbless pillows above. Oh, how many's got peace tonight? Praise the Lord. Oh, we've got peace. Is peace. [Music] Wonderful. Oh, peace coming down from the father above. Sweep my spirit forever. I pray. in fomless pillow of love and will give the glory to [Music] Jesus and tell of his love. His wonderful love will give all the glory to Jesus and we'll tell of his wonder. Hallelujah. Oh, let's praise him again now. will give the glory. Hallelujah. Praise your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise your name, Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Will tell of his love. Such a wonderful love. will give all the glory to Jesus. And we'll tell of his wonderful love. And we'll tell of his wonderful love. Oh, hallelujah. Praise be to God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this little song. Uh, it's old. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine tonight. Amen. How many's got your little light tonight? Amen. Let it shine a little bit. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Is this little light of mine? Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Yeah, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. We'll hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let Yeah, that sound good. Going to hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Going to hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Go a little high. Devil, he hang it up a little bit. Yeah. The devil, he'd like to put it out. I'm going to let it shine. Yeah. The devil like to put it out. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, the devil he lied out. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine, Lord, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, shine on me. Oh, shine on me, Lord. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Oh, let it shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light from your lighthouse shine on me. Oh, let it shine, Lord, on me. Oh, shine on me. Thank God. Thank you, Jesus. Let this light, Lord, from your lighthouse. Let it shine shine on me, Lord. Shine on [Music] me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. And I thank God for the lighthouse. [Music] Oh, I owe my life to him. Oh Jesus is the lighthouse. Oh yes. And from the rocks of sea. Oh, he has shown the light all around me that I might clearly see. If it wasn't for the lighthouse. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Tell me where would this ship be? How everybody that lives around us, they say, "Tear that old lie house down." Oh, the big ships, they just don't sail here anymore. Ain't no use in it standing around. in my mind goes back to that story night when just in time I saw the light. It was the light from that old line house that still stands up there on the hill. How many says, "Thank you, Lord, for that lighthouse tonight." And I thank God for the lighthouse. Oh, I owe my life to him. Oh, Jesus is the lighthouse. And from the rocks of sin he has the light around me. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. That I I can clearly see if it wasn't for my house. [Music] Where would this ship be? Tell me. Where would my ship be? Where would I be? Where would I be if not for Jason? But we had a request tonight and I asked Brother Paul to sing it and brother Ben to play it because they know it a little better than I do. I'll uh I'll sing back up in the front so as they make the way forward. Amen. Where would I be? You only know, Lord. [Music] Where would I be? Which key is that one in? Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of this blood. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Let's thank you, Lord, for everything we can see. Lord, I thank you for the things I now can see. Cuz you were that shelter in the storms of my life, the shield surrounding me. And I will thank you for the mercy you provide. Cuz I know you could have to go. Oh, but you say a thousand times that I can sing amazing grace, how sweet the sound I once was, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless case, such an empty place if not for grace. A hopeless cave. Oh, an empty empty place if not for grace. He says, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Hallelujah. Thank you for grace. By your grace, we're standing tonight, Lord. Amen. [Music] Amen. Help us when it's ready to come. Help us sing it if you know it tonight. Amen. [Music] Oh, I've carried a burden too long on my own. I wasn't created to bear it alone. I hear your invitation. to let it all go. Lord, I see it now. I'm laying it down and I know that I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a sur. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. Wo wo wo and again and again. Lord, you saw my condition. Oh yes. He had a plan from the start. Amen. Hold your son for redemption the price from my heart. And I don't have a context for that kind of love. I don't understand. I can't comprehend. All I know is I is I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh my heart needs a searching. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. [Music] Oh and second verse once again. Lord you saw my condition. You had a plan from the start. [Music] Lord, your son for redemption, the price for my heart. Lord, I don't have a contest for that kind of love. I don't understand. Lord, I can't comprehend. All I know is I is that I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. A reason to wait. Oh my heart needs a searching. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again. I run. Oh, I run to the father. I fall into grace. I am done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a searching. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. Woah. Woah. Woah. My heart's been your sight long before my first breath. Running into your arms. Is running to life from death. Oh, I feel this rush deep in my chest. Your mercy is calling out just as I am. For you pull me in and I know that I Lord I need you. Oh, I run to the father. I fall into grace. Lord, I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again. So I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the reason to wait. My heart found a sur. My soul had found a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. Oh and again and [Music] again. [Music] Oh and again. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's call the pastor to come. How many's glad for God's mercy and his grace? Mountains of mercy. Help me sing it as our pastor comes. [Music] In a dark lonely valley of a desert so [Music] dry was us thirsty for the waters of [Music] life. No real direction. Oh, I was lost as could be. I love this part. Then I met Jesus and Jesus showed me mountains of mercy. Oh grace, all the love and forgiveness is taking away the guilt and my shame. Oh, I traded all my doubts and my fears and every sin I could not erase for mountains of mercy. Oceans of grace. Let's all sing this morning. Lord, from the height of my [Applause] weakness to the depths of my [Music] sin. Oh, I was finally [Music] forgiven. Of all I had [Applause] been. Oh, just like a [Music] prisoner from darkness and free. Oh, when I touch heaven, I'm that heaven touch me. Mountains of mercy, ohions of grace. Oh, love and forgive me. Take me away my guilt and my shame. I tra all my doubts and my fears and every sin I could not erase. Mountains of mercy, oceans of rain. Well, I once was lost, but now I'm here to me to I once was of mercy of grace. Take me away. I [Music] guaranted all my death and my fears. and every race. Hallelujah. Mountains of mercy, mountains of mercy, operations of grace. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Are you happy in the Lord? Amen. God is so good, isn't he? Amen. Amen. Let's just so thankful for the songs tonight and the worship. Amen. And uh it's good to be together tonight. Amen. Let's just approach him in a word of prayer before we turn to the word. Heavenly Father, we are so thankful once again, Lord, for this opportunity that we have to be able to come and and gather together, Father. Lord, not as a a people, Lord, just of God of our own doing, but Hallelujah. Lord, we were in your choosing. Bless your name. And Lord, it's you that has assembled us, Lord. That part of yourself, Lord, that you have drawn upon, Lord. Appreciate you. Lord, our lives truly, it's a paradox, Lord. Even as we stand here tonight, God, of the grace of God that found us, Lord, turned our hearts around, Lord, tendered our lives, oh God, and and Father, for the transforming power and work of the Holy Spirit. Oh God, we stand in awe, Lord, we just, Lord, are here to worship you, Lord. Oh God, we just want to draw closer to you. You said in your word, "Draw nigh to me and I'll draw nigh to you." Lord, we want to we want to draw near to you, Lord. Father, I pray that you'll just let your Holy Spirit, Lord, just may you come and just continue in waves to sweep among us, Lord. and Father that if there's anything Lord that's that's contrary to your will, contrary to your nature, your word, oh God, we just want to be so yielded that the Holy Spirit just just sweeping it, Lord, right out of our lives, Lord. God, moving it from a place, oh God, in our life of a hold to where that, oh God, we can just have that walk and that testimony, Lord, overcoming grace. Lord, we know, Lord, that there are things that are always set before us, Lord, to overcome. And Father, truly the greatest thing that we always have to overcome is our own selves, Lord. So, Father, I pray tonight that you'll just give us grace in every area of our life. You know, every need that's gathered here. Lord, probably standing here, I'm I'm in need of you the most. Lord, I'm asking that God that you would give me grace one more time to just be able to step out of the way. That Lord, you might be able to form the words of my mouth and say what needs to be said. May the Holy Spirit just take it, Lord. And we want our hearts to be available to you, Lord. Grant it, Lord. Minister to every need, Lord. Those that are gathered, those that are streaming, Lord, you see different ones that are suffering in their bodies right now. And we ask that, God, you'll go to them right where they're at. Lord, I pray for Sister Maria, Lord, as she's there at the home, Lord, at the house. I pray God, may the angel of the Lord make a visit there on Reeves Avenue, Lord, here tonight. Lord, may you just move, Lord. I pray God, upon those knees, Lord, just touch our sister, Lord. I pray, Father. You're the great physician, Lord. There's no situation that's too great or beyond you, Father. And you never told us or gave us any any sort of inclination that we would just Lord uh come to a place where age would would get in the way of the promise. You never said that. You never gave an age limit on it, Lord. But you said that, Father, that the prayer face shall save the sick and God shall raise them up. And it's by your stripes we're made whole. Now, Father, not only for Sister Maria, but for every single need, Lord, that's gathered here tonight. We claim that, Lord. We claim our healing, Father. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Let's go right into 1 Corinthians 14. And um I want to I want to pick up here on just a little portion of a of a thought and where I'm just wanting to move into a little bit more. We've been dealing with this aspect on within maturity and growth and maturity and that with the gifts and what even when we look at gifts of how that God what he has for our life. Um, brother Brandham when we just looking and just studying just a groupings on yielding and you know I like to go back over things and brother Brandham he simply puts it very clearly. He said, you know, he said, many times, he said, our lives are surrendered to God, and we are filled with God's spirit, but he says, we've got to go to yielding and looking to God for the purpose of God to be fulfilled for our lives. God's got a purpose. How many believe that? When the Holy Spirit has come, it's come to put us into service. And we don't tell him what that is. As a matter of fact, that purpose it continues to unfold within our life. It has many layers to it. father, mother and so forth, but even within gifts and whether it's five ministerial or the nine spiritual or however God would uh desire to use you. I believe within our hearts that when God touches your life, how many remember when brother says that little woman who came to the well and when her her her very hearts her sp her very heart was disclosed and she went away from there as a free woman, right? She no longer she no longer had to walk under that bondage. It wasn't just something that she she was just, you know, where it just had been lifted. She was free. She no longer had to look back over her shoulder in fear. And she went from there and you've heard brother Brandham say this over and over is she went into that city. And he said for her life was like a house on fire on a windy day. Right. And I believe that's exactly how God intends our lives to be. And you know, you we can have a picture of what that looks like, a a flaming and and burning house and things like that. And you might have something in the natural, but many times when you hear that of having a real burning desire, that's having a passion for God and the things of God. That's good. That's what the Holy Spirit is come to do. Hallelujah. It come to bring us to a place that we desire to be in his will. Amen. More than our own feelings, our own thoughts, our own ideas. It's a passion. Amen. So look here in 1 Corinthians 14. And you know, Paul's speaking to some believers. They've had some this this is some enthusiasm. And I I would say it in this way. If there's one thing that we could even use more of is godly enthusiasm. We're living in such an age of apathy and such an age of just, you know, and and look, things are coming where Satan wants to just so wear the people down. That's what the Bible said in the book of Daniel. People, you know, you just you just kind of thinking about, man, if I can make it from home, make it from the job to the lazy boy or or whatever more. And it but it's pressures. And it's not just the long hours, but it's the pressures of demons that you're battling against and that all of that's taking place within that. But to see how that within all of that, I don't know what happened. Somebody kicked me off there. Maybe they didn't and I just thought that. But there within it all, we want to say, God, don't let that enthusiasm die in my life. I want I want that enthusiasm and I want it channeled in the right way so it'll always bring glory to him. So let's read here without any further ado in verse 26. How is it then brethren when you come together every one of you hath a psalm, hath a doctrine, hath a tongue, hath a revelation, hath an interpretation. Let all things be done unto edifying. Now, I'll just say it in like I said before, one thing about it, at least they came and they had a desire on their heart. That's right. They lacked understanding, but they at least had an enthusiasm. And what's really important is a teachable spirit. That's right. So that that enthusiasm could be channeled. Amen. If there's one thing that we want is a teachable spirit. Amen. So, let's just let's skip down here. Um, let me skip down because I've been having you stand here just for a moment. Let's skip down here to verse 32. And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets. For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace. That word confusion, he's not of disarray and disorder. God has an order. We see all that from the how God set the solar system. We see it all from the tabernacle in the wilderness. On and on in our lives. He is but of peace as in all churches of the saints. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the words. You're being seated. I want to just begin to speak on this thought of it. We were looking at some things last week and I just want to place this in between here in things of how that seeing things will things come to maturity and even with that within gifts and I think back even you know even into my own life and I've watched how uh there's things that for me uh there's even things I've watched where there's changes that God has brought even in uh my ministry and things like that that God has given me. The small little ministry, I've watched certain things and changes. And sometimes those changes aren't always um uh they're not always in one way comfortable because there's ways that God will change it. And we're so always looking back to how things were years ago, but God will just he's God's always working and he's always changing. And the reality of that is is just like when the the prophet speaks of the third pull and he made it very clear as a matter of fact he told Leo and Jean write this down and you'll come back to this and he said what the coming oncoming ministry because you know it would be nothing for them as humans to be able to look oh brother Brandham hospitals are going to be emptied up we're going to go in and pray for them and all of these things. Well, you know, that's that's part of human nature to get enthused about things and sometimes we can have our ideas about things and that's not God. When the Holy Ghost has come, he doesn't take that part away from us that we don't have our own ideas. But always the thing about it is the Holy Spirit within our life will always recognize his word and allow the idea to pass because ideas are actually hindrance for the spirit of God working in a deeper way in our life. So maturity never takes us out of the word of God but maturity actually brings us into a deeper rest in the rest of the Holy Ghost where we're already in to do what? with an understanding that we in our lives might be able to really yield in a deeper way. And this is why brother Brandham says God will not change so much the ministry as he will change the man. And that's what the real working of the third pull is because the third pole itself and I know we may have some new ones here but the first pool and second pool and third pole every ministry had those pools in it from the Lord Jesus, Noah and so forth but it is getting the third pole is getting that's the whole objective. This is who is stepping on the scene and actually who's been here the whole time. it's been Christ and to where that it's it's everything else fades out of view and it's Christ that's in view. So the real reality of the working of the depth of this message is to reproduce Jesus Christ in a many membered body to where that it's God himself being reflected because now we're no longer twain. Once we have been united with the word as an individual there there it is now bridegroom and bride and no longer twain but one. And so within that there is a uh a yielding and a and a direction and there's a changing that's going on. And you find that and I say that not just confined to that of the ministry but you find that even in the attributes that God has placed in your life as a father, as a mother, as a husband, as a wife. you there are different seasons and there must come a change to match what the season is calling for. And so God works within our lives that we are would coming into that place of really just submitting and surrendering to the Lord. And I tell you transition itself can be uh scary. But that's where God shows himself that he's faithful. He is a faithful shepherd. He's a faithful leader. That's where real leadership declares itself is in transition. You know, it's always easy to go along the same wall, but it's when you got to turn corners, making changes and turns, oh, that can be difficult sometimes because we get in a comfort zone of hanging on to things of what we've always known. And then when God begins to say, that's as far as this is going to go. It's like it was with Solomon's administration. Joab. Joab was a great help to David. But yet Joab, he had a part about him that he did what benefited Joab. That is so true. Whatever could benefit the ways of Joab. And that's why David said to Solomon, "Don't you let his head stay on his shoulders." Why? that cannot continue on in the administration of the Holy Spirit and that of Solomon of that of of the working of the son of man of Christ in our life. And I'll tell you that's what God comes to show up in our lives to where it's not about our him that willth or runth. It's God that showeth mercy. So it's God taking control. And that's what we want in our lives is I want God to have more control. Amen. Amen. I wanted less of me and more of him. And listen, brother Brandham, this is just a wonderful statement brother Brandham makes and why we're not a denomination. He says, he's in prayer, blessed be his holy name. He said, he's the one who sets the moon and the stars and the solar system. He set everything in its order, and he will set his church in order. It'll turn just like he wants her to turn, east, west, north, or south, whatever he is. When we can get these little or these denominational ideas out of our mind and throw oursel wholly into Calvary, he'll set it in order. If we're just as submissive as the trees and his other creation, I say grant it, Lord Jesus. That's the goal. That's that's the call of the word in this hour, that the word would have preeminence. And God let us come to that place of just being as submissive as the tree is and has the rest of that all that he has set into his divine order. My that's that's when there's a real achievement. So now coming into the scripture and I want to just look at this here a little bit tonight and it may be a a little bit of a different uh angle or thought but uh with it here tonight but I want to look at some of these points within it and how that the prophet will look at a gift in a life and the Holy Spirit and dealing with how to discern between the two. And so in 1 Corinthians 14:13, we read this in our text. And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets. That word subject is a is a Greek word that is known as hupataso. It's a word and what it is known as is that it is something that means to subject one's self to subordinate or to bay to obey uh to submit to one's control to yield to one's admonition or advice or to obey. In in a military term it means to arrange uh divisions in a military fashion under a command of a leader. uh in a non-military use, it's a voluntary attitude of giving in and cooperating and assuming responsibility and carrying a burden. Now, notice how the scripture is written and the spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophet. Who is the prophet? The word. Right. Amen. And that the word is that of the present moment and order in the service and how that the spirits itself. So in other words, the Holy Spirit will not act contrary to the present order. He the Holy Spirit because if it isn't then we got two separate people. The word and the Holy Spirit are two separate people. But they're not. The Bible, we know this first John 5 as it goes in that there are three that bear record in in you know in heaven father the father the word and the holy ghost these three are one. So this is why that when we cannot have the holy spirit in our lives in the depths of our lives without having the word because that's who the holy spirit is. He is the word. Amen. And so now when that that subjection it it submits to the Holy Spirit will always recognize his word and submit to it. Now you know we understand there are things that sometimes you can't find that find written here within the scripture but also remember his nature and his character. I am God and I change not. Amen. So there's things that sometimes within him that you can't necessarily maybe pin something and say well with something with scripture, but you come right back around and you recognize the character is not lining up with the character of the word. Right. So good. So it's always in looking at that even when you you say, "Brother Samuel, what are you saying?" I'm saying that I'm listening to not just in things being thrown or recited. I want to see the approach. What's motivating it? What's the spirit that's behind it? I want to see that because that will tell me what's behind it. Are you hearing me? Sometimes the word can only be a covering. Are you hearing me? So now we want the word to be something. It's meant to be something deeper than just a covering. It is intended to be a life. Amen. Now watch this in the scripture with subjection just a few places. Romans 8:6 and 7. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is enmity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. Now you think of this that even for a person that they could subject or conform to the message or conform to an idea and yet still have the desire and that carnal mind on the inside and it be wrong because it's not about all of the actions or what we could do out here. It's this man on the inside. It's about getting the inner man right. When the inner man is right, it'll reflect on the outside. And that's what God wants. In other words, God doesn't want you or I doing something just simply because it's the right thing to do. That's so I mean, you know, the Pharisees, they were they were whited supplicers. You couldn't lay a finger on their lives, right? But Jesus uncovered what was behind all of that religious pump and pride and everything else. He looked he said he came right down to it. These they were so technical and tithing on annis and men. And Jesus said you have you have uh omitted the weightier things of the law, right? Mercy and grace and truth. and and and they were they were doing what the commandments were without a heart that was actually attached to what God intended to be done. And really before the Holy Ghost has come into a person's life, I believe that we want to know what's right. We ought to give ourselves to right because listen, every every part of this is a fight and it is a battle. Uh you know the Bible said that the kingdom of God since that of John it suffereth violence and the violence taketh by force. So we're not it's not just something that's just going to drop within within our laps. But when we recognize that there is this which is touching my life and touching my heart and and dealing with my life. It's to pursue that with all that is within us. The Bible said, "Seek you first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these other things will be added unto you." You can get the P's and Q's of this natural life right, but if you miss the spiritual the spiritual part, you have missed everything. Amen. You might have accolades that could be given and read if God would terry at your funeral and your eulogy, but if you miss being filled with the Holy Spirit, you've missed it all. So this to be subject to be to yield to it takes something deeper than just our intellect or our knowledge. Right? Yet there has to come understanding in our lives. And God does bring understanding in our lives. But to understand that it's not a con a conforming, but it's a transforming work. That's good. Because always to have God's God's life within us is to be one with the word. The prophet would say, "Oneness with God is to have God's spirit in you, agreeing with the word, all the word, the whole word, and to make it manifested in power." Ephesians 5:22 and 24, wives submit. Now, notice these words that's used. It's the same word hoopasso. It's that which is that that is is yielding to admonition. one that is yielding or or giving into subjecting oneself. This is not this is not one being subjected but it is one that is submitting themselves. In other words, they are putting themselves under. Right. Right. And this is why brother Brandon would pick it up and thinking man's filter. He said, "Look," he said, "we as sons of God, as husbands should live such lives before our wives and our families that they would reverence us as a son of God." Amen. That doesn't mean that they're rolling out red carpet, but they recognize Christ in our life. It isn't about can we tie everything together in the scriptures. You can do all of that and still not have what's necessary. Understanding all mysteries and not having the real baptism of the Holy Ghost, the divine love of God, you miss it all. And listen, it is not knowledge that produces an image. It is the image of Christ in you, in me that brings forth real leadership. Hallelujah. That's where we can look at and say, I can submit to that. That's why with this message, this word that God has raised up in this hour, we are not looking at uh uh the ideas of a man. We recognize Christ. I don't care what others want to say. That's their problem. It's not mine. I'm not called to debate, convince, and try to I'm not We're not called to do that. were called. The Bible said, "My sheep hear my voice and a stranger they will not follow." Is that right? Yes, sir. So, notice when we're looking here, even in the scripture, as it would say, therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. Now, we could take this just for a moment and say an ongoing process, right? Ongoing process. Because even in our lives as children of God, let me just say it. Even with being born of the spirit of God, we don't have all the knowledge at that moment when we receive the spirit of God that we have need of. Right. But we have what's most important and that is the answer to the devil's question. We've got the stabilizer and the confidence and the answer. He that will lead and guide us into all truth. That is so good. And there's an authority abiding under this word. That's right. Hallelujah. This is why the prophet would say in the closing part of the church age book resumeé area and he would say that they in this bride that they themselves will they come under that ministry of that seventh angel messenger and become the final voice to the final age. We've not been subdued by man. We've not been brought in here by fear. Amen. That only lasts so long. Are you hearing me? But it's a love affair. Amen. Amen. There's things that with in overcoming that God will deal with our life. Sometimes, as I read in that quote, why we're not not a denomination, sometimes the struggle is is dying to old thinking. Because sometimes old thinking and things that sometimes you may not even be able to put your finger on as though it's been taught into you. Because sometimes you can have some that can step away from ministries they've been under and you look and say, "Well, I know that individual doesn't stand for that." But sometimes it's the makeup and background of a person. But I am so glad that before there was even that makeup and before there was ever any any teaching that maybe somebody did in the very best, I'm glad that there was something that was before that. You say, "What was that?" That was the word. That seed on the inside that is a part of this word. It will take its place under the word. Now many other scriptures we could go into, but I I want you to notice how this takes place. It's a submitting unto. It's a subjecting unto. This is something that God moves in the heart of the individual to to bring them to to subject or to submit. Just like Titus, Paul would tell him, put him in mind to be subject unto principalities and powers. Peter would say, "Submit yourselves unto the elder and and and all of you be subject one to another and be clothed with humility." He would go on to say be servants be subject to your masters with all fear. So these are things that we realize that there is a recognition of of what and who is in our midst. And let me just say it like this. The spirit of Christ, the Holy Ghost will always subject himself to his own word. He's a gentleman at all times. He does not misbehave. He's a gentleman. He will always declare through it all of who he is, the character, his nature and the order of the word. So when maturing in in our lives, this is where Paul would write in the in in few scriptures in 1 Corinthians 14 a few beyond where we read our text. Uh familiar Paul said in the church I had rather speak five words with my understanding than by my voice that by my voice I might teach others also than 10,000 words in an unknown tongue. Now truly anyone who would speak in an unknown tongue just like the brother Brandon would bring that out you know they're blessed they're being blessed but Paul is helping them to see and trying to guide them into a place not to remove enthusiasm. Are you hearing me? Not to take enthusiasm out. Listen this is why let me just go with this. This is why when the Bible would say in Ephesians, in Colossians, fathers, it says, "Provoke not your children to anger." That phrase means to exasperate or to take the life out of. God, when he corrects us, now listen, when he corrects us, he's not taking the life out of us, but he wants to channel us into his perfect will. Amen. Amen. Take where we are. Are you hearing me? God, listen, God never took away and looked backwards to what when the gifts were restored in Isuza Street and because they had mixtures of unclean spirits and everything else, God never looked back there and said they didn't have anything. No, there needed to be a maturing and a growth. And that takes laboring with them. And when God brought this message, hallelujah, it was God coming down to labor with the church. Just like he labors with your life, labors with my life. And let me tell you, he has brought you, he has brought me a mighty, mighty, mighty, mighty, mighty long way. He's been longsuffering. He's been patient with us. Because sometimes our ideas or thinking is security because why why could it be looked at as security? Because it's looked at as though it is word. And when God begins to come, you know, God don't sit there and take our hands and you know, like trying to take something from your sister or brother. You know, you and mom, no, no, God don't do that. He's a gentleman. Yes, he is. What he does is by his spirit he comes to bring rest in the word. Yes. That's how that's how levan old thinking is dismantled in our in our minds in our lives is through the preaching of the word. Hallelujah. That's why this word it has an effect upon our life. And I'm sure we can fellowship around this. There's been things I have witnessed over the years in my life. Oh, of things that I thought and man, I thought and when God would bring a release on it, I see it. I can see something. Oh my. Brother Brandon said this right here, man. It's it's it's it's a release. You know what it actually was? You realize what we were holding to was a hindrance. Amen. Right. We think where how in the world did that get in there? Well, a lot of times wanting to be sincere, which is a good thing. See, enthusiasm, sincerity, it's a good thing. But always under the subjection of the word, right? You know, you can never, let me tell you this, you can take everything and lay it right there on the pew beside you and the Holy Spirit will never take from you what he's given you. All right. All right. That's the kind of that's the kind of peace and kind of rest in his presence that we're to walk with. Now, let me go on here. But, brethren, be not children in understanding, but in malice be children, but in understanding be men. Now you see this is why when when brother Brandham when he would take different things even in the earlier church order and saying talking about with gifts and he says the same phrase over and over about that the people doesn't understand how and when to use these gifts. So there's some of those things of how and when. And I I pray that God will help me and help us together because I know I only have so much time, but that that that that we can look even beyond the nine spiritual gifts and even look into our life to what God has called us to do and say, "God, teach me how and when." Cuz even as moms and as dads and fathers and mothers and and and we need to know how and when, right? That was one thing that the coming of the Lord in this hour, it was a three-fold revelation. Who, how, and when. Right. Is that right? In 63, Christ the mystery, the prophet said, "We know, we know who it is." Right? Even at the end there of the seventh seal. But he says, "The how and the when." Those are two things that he hasn't revealed up to this time. But notice there from 63 coming into 64, feast of the trumpets, he's declaring, we know we're living in the season of his coming. And then God breaks the rapture revelation in December of 1965, revealing the other two folds of that three-fold mystery. How and when the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout. So God opening and you know even within that we realize hey we don't have to get in a rush but neither neither do we just sit back with our hands behind our head. That's not the kind of rest this is. It's the kind of rest like the little lady who was operating on the ranch. Man, she knew he was coming back for it. She was working but she was whistling while she was working. They thought what in the world's got into her? That's the key. What got into her? That's what made the difference in our life. what got into us. It took away the fear, took away the scare, brought a confidence in our life, right? But to understand how and when and then to just to move into that place, God, what you have for my life, the right opportunity. So there's a need for knowledge. I know this word in itself, we many times this word knowledge, it's like, oh, we we don't want knowledge. Well, we don't want just earthly knowledge. In some instances, we need it. You need to know how to drive your car. You need to know different things and cooking and so forth. But the need for knowledge, I'm talking about Holy Ghost knowledge, right? I'm talking about as God would teach us and and speak to our lives and direct our lives. Notice this is Paul's request that God that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. In Colossians 1:9, for this cause we also since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you and to desire that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. How many could say it is absolutely important that I know God's will for my life? Absolutely important. And it's ongoing. God's will it's it's folds that continue to be unfolded in our life. And this is where even with God, God unfolding himself. It isn't God unfolding a book. Remember the book itself is Christ. And it's Christ taking the the seals off of himself. It's Christ unveiling himself. We're talking about God bringing a real Holy Ghost knowledge to his people. Right. This is why the word when the word has gone forth even in every generation, God's desire is for that word not to be studied that it would be debated. Is that right? The prophet tells us that in the church age book in the sardesian age, he tells us how people in that age got under the anointing and they begin to take things and study it to debate it. He said, "But they," he said, "instead of studying it that it might become a practical outworking in their lives." Let me just tell you what that brings it down to you in your life. When you get down and giving your heart and your life as you're taking in the word of God, you know, we're not here uh you know, yes, it's wonderful to remember certain things and God has gifted us in many different ways. God will never hold you accountable for what he's holding me accountable for. but to understand what's most important. You could have all knowledge of the scripture as far as to be able to finish a scripture after I say it or to repeat a chapter and do all that and that's all wonderful. But what's really important is that it has become a practical outworking in our life that does not come by human res recitations that comes by the Holy Ghost. He's the one that reveals the deep things of God. That's why the prophet said in this hour, it's going to take more than just comparing verse to verse. Brother Brandham, we need to know this language. He said what we need is the author of the book. Hallelujah. And I can say thank God for the author of the book. Amen. Yes. Amen. That ye why why why why Paul? Why are you praying for this? That you might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful and every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God. It's like the prophet said, as a boss, you you know, you're not not making himself a boss, but he says, you know, as a boss gives you something to do, you do it. He said, and then what does it do? the boss has confidence in you and continues to raise you higher and higher. And that's what the whole purpose is is I we want to grow deeper in the love of God. Blessed are they that do and keep all his commandments. Blessed are they, notice, and increasing in the knowledge of God. Second Peter 3:18. I always love how this was wrote. It didn't say grow in knowledge. just said grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. So it comes down to a yielding. Now let's look at this yielding because that's that's subjection and to be subject. Watch how Brother Brandham is going to take this and I'm going to just move really right into this this place of it to where the prophet begins to take this and show us the difference and the distinction between a gift and the Holy Spirit operating that gift. He says he's asked a question. Do you believe that the program, including the sermon, should yield to the spirit when it's trying to bring forth a message in tongues? Now, I think we're very much aware of this even before I would have even said anything here or started months ago. We we're aware what the scripture says that the spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophet. In other words, the Holy Spirit will not anoint someone to begin to speak in tongues when he's speaking from the platform. It could be a spirit, but it's not the Holy Spirit. Right? Are you hearing me? Cuz that'd be confusion. So, when these questions are coming because it it gets into a real a real beautiful thing that if God will give us grace to apply it across all of our lives when we look at it. Now notice, brother Ram goes on to this and I I'm just going to refer to a few things. He said, "Now when the when now in speaking in tongues, that's a gift of God." Just just listen to me for a moment. But it's subject to what's on the floor at the first place. Theirs, he said, where many times as Christians, you make your mistake. He said the Holy Spirit, if I'm anointed of God and I'm speaking by the Holy Spirit, he's speaking here. Don't speak over here and over here and over here a confusion. We must get those things down in our heart. Everything has to come in its season. Right? Amen. Remember the the service remember as we started out in the beginning a service is not start stop. It is there is an ascending and then it crescendos and we move on. you different ones that have at different times have had to maybe stand here and even lead songs after the service and they've spoke this to me. They've recognized this. You don't even start singing. It's not about your favorite songs. You don't even just keep on singing. You you recognize into that place. If you're gifted for that moment of the service, you recognize when to step back and let the spirit just just come to a crescendo. Amen. people still continuing to worship and and going on and moving on. It's recognizing because it's not starting and stopping. He's a God of order. Amen. Is that right? A lot of feelings we can have. Just bear with me here because these are not my words. Notice we must get those things down in our heart. Everything has to come in its season. He said, "Now, you know, he said, let's say someone that you know starts uh speaking in tongues and he says, I want you to watch how brothers approach. I've I've I've taken this through the message. Brother Bram says, "I ain't saying the person was wrong. I don't say the person was demonpossessed." Brother Bram will say that many times. He said, "I" and then he'll say it in another place. He says, "I don't know that." Now, when Brother Bramble says, "I don't know that." And somebody tells me they do know it, somebody's lying. Or trying to be something that they're not. You say, "Where would you pull that from?" One of the messages questions and answers is God being misunderstood. If you want a list of others, I can give you more. But it's showing us that it's not, you know, us saying, well, I know this is and I know, look, there are certain things even in the scriptures that we can look at. But notice, brother says, I believe the person was sincere. So what is it? Their enthusiasm there. You know, as this is why that the prophet said when it's a good praying church, the gifts are present. But remember, the gifts are not noted on a blackboard or it's not on a billboard, right? Thank God for people that don't have to toot their own horn about, well, you know, God used me to do this and used me to do that. I'm grateful that God just has such a way and such a humility that it brings in our heart that you know what it isn't for everybody to know. Sometimes God has things for that. He has times for that. He has seasons for that. Are you with me? But always always the thing that I always we look for is is brother Brandham himself, brother Brandham would speak even coming out of the meetings. Now this is just even you can hear on tape but even in those that were in his house they said when they rode with him after the meeting he spoke as in third person. I was there and I saw him do this. I happened to be there and I saw him do this. Oh, glory be to God. You say, you see, brother Brandon was so careful that he never wanted the people to chase after a person, but that they would be identifying that that God when God does something, God showing what he thinks about you and about me about his word. Amen. It isn't that you know that that that it's had to be something that that's happened to me or happened to you. All through this congregation, we can have testimonies that when there has been things that God has done for someone else, how that that in itself has ministered to the depths of our lives. Is that right? I'm saying I believe that person is sincere. I believe that person. I believe they could speak in tongues. They're blessed of God. But it's like brother Neville standing here trying to sing a song. Maybe he's gifted to sing a song and he's singing a song and me standing here trying to preach right in his face and him singing. That's how you talking about confusion. Wow. Finally, you just wrap it up and say, "I tell you what we'll do. It's been so rich tonight. This movement of God, we don't even need to preach." Wow. Now, notice if the Holy Spirit I'm I'm going I'm going to give you a few slides here in a minute. If the Holy Spirit is in the singing, let the singing go on. If I was standing here and started preaching and he raises up and starts singing a song when I'm preaching, that's out of order. The Holy Spirit is not the author of the confusion. He said, "You're lovely people." He said, "But that's that's error." If you've got a gift, use the gift where the gift belongs. Right? So now notice how brother Random and all the way through the message places it. It's not us as though that oh I don't know which way I'm going to go and the gift has taken me here and and this and that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's contrary to the word. Use the gift. How many of you got tools in your tool shed, sisters? You've got pots in your in your Right. Those pots don't those pots you you have to use them in the right place. Right. Right. I know sometimes we may have to use a pot to catch a a leak and things. You know, I think when we had to use a trash can in school, maybe to catch a leak from a leaky roof or something. That's not what it was intended for. It's not its rightful place. It was just there to collect trash. But notice God God, listen friends, God teaching us that their responsibility is to use the gift where the gift belongs. Now look at this, brother Bam. As you look at this, brother Brand says, "If I got a pick and a shovel," he says, "I'm not going to try to ho my potatoes with it." Now, notice, if I have a pick and a shovel, I'm not going to try to ho the potatoes. Now, for those of you that don't know about a garden, you hoe the the tomatoes to get the weeds that are gathering around them to loosen the soil up. This other part is stuff you would use at the end of the season to get rid of them. So, it's using the right instrument at the right time. It's like, you know, you don't use the saucepan to necessarily make the mashed potatoes. You use more of a stock pot or whatever more, but you use the saucepan to make some good gravy. Right? You got to use what's needed at that time. Right? Notice he said, "When I'm picking or digging a ditch, that's when I'll use that. If I'm picking or digging a ditch, that's when those two are needed." So it isn't every service running in I got a shovel. I got a shovel. That's why Paul said every one of you hath a psalm in Revelation half of this. My shovel my shovel. Well, praise God for your shovel. Praise God for your pick. But this may not be a pick service. But don't lose your enthusiasm. How do I lose my enthusiasm? By pulling back because oh my my pick isn't it's not being used. My shovel's not being used. You got to cast away that childish thinking. Come on up and be a man. Come on up and grow up. As Paul said, it isn't that every time we come together, it's got to be this. But listen, let me just tell you something. You know what? What happens many times where it was with the Corinthians, I believe they were sincere people, friends, and some of it was where they had come from previously. That's why Paul had to deal with talking about that how yes, women could prophesy as far as to speak in tongues and interpret, but they couldn't preach. Right? Paul had to deal with that among the Corinthians because they came right out of where God brought them out of and they had to understand you can't be a priest over here in that way that you were over there. You see the word come to set and give order. Now the reality is is that what was within their heart to submit to the word of God. I tell you you're talking about a breath of fresh air and a relief when the word it came and it set set free those sisters that were sitting there and thinking you know maybe they should be preaching and man they were getting inspiration and maybe you know they were well you know you are the fifth gospel. Yeah. Is that all right? But what a relief it brought to their lives to realize God didn't require me to be a priest in his house even though we are called a kingdom of priest in terms of being endowed with the spirit of God. All these instruments have their have their place. That's why brother Brandham said I wouldn't try to drive my automobile through the cornfield. Probably some of y'all know people that tried to do that. you know, they got a four-wheel drive and they they lost their mind. I use the automobile to travel back and forth and I use my plow in the cornfield. So, I ain't got nothing against the plow. I haven't got nothing against the automobile. They both are instruments to be used here for the embedment of mankind. So, it's control, right? Control is not a bad word. That's a word that the prophet uses over and over. As a matter of fact, when it comes to that of the supernatural gifts and when a person says, "I can't help it." Oh, yes, you can. Oh, yeah. Oh, yes, you can. That's good. Oh, no. We You can be. It's not quenching the spirit. But God is calling us to recognize that we're not puppets just being drugged around. But God has placed the gifts and the spirit, the Holy Spirit, that we are to be operated within his presence. Brother Bram says, "People with these gifts don't know how to control them." Now watch the real Watch this. Watch what he says about Peter talking about man mount transfiguration. Peter got all excited. Usually men do when they're in the presence of the supernatural. Usually they can't control themselves because they're creatures of the earth and yet they're creatures of heaven too. Right? We're going to keep reading though. But that foretaste just runs them wild. That's what happened to the Pentecostal church. That foretaste you don't know how to control yourself. You get all out of reason. The Holy Ghost is a gentleman. Oh, I just can't help it. No, no, no, no. We can't help it. We can't help it. This is why Brother Ram goes on. He says, you know how they will raise up and you know, you don't know how to place those gifts and tongues interpretations while the preacher speaking. Sometimes they'll raise up and speak and write while the preacher speaking. That's contrary to the Bible. Oh, God, give me a message of this and it's fresher than the Bible. No, it's not. That's good. Yeah. You know what the prophet called that in Christianity versus idolatry? When they said that to him, he called that another Roman Catholic idol. And let me tell you, any idea that will not bow to the word of God is a Roman Catholic idea. You can be so and we should be dead set against the spirit of organizationalism. But let me tell you something. That Roman Catholic spirit is a dominating spirit. It's an unbending spirit, an unsubmitting spirit. It's a dominating female that won't stand correction to the word. Hallelujah. That's right. And it has no place because it's showing it's showing that's not his bride. That's not his wife. When that comes out against him, I don't have to. And you know what? God's such a gentleman. He don't make nobody. God ain't going to make anybody go in the rapture. No, he ain't gonna make nobody. You know what it is? It's what's already on the inside of us. The Holy Spirit didn't put something in us. The Holy Spirit come to raise up that part of himself that was already on the inside. And so the real coming of the Holy Ghost in your life upon that seed allows you to cooperate with the vision God had before the foundation of the world. Yes, sir. Good preaching. Praise the Lord. Does he have control at all over the spirit as to when and how to act? Does he have control? Does he? Well, let's listen to the prophet messenger of the day. The Holy Spirit controls. Yes, sir. It has control of you and you have control of it. It'll never make you do anything contrary to the scripture. The spirit does not misbehave itself unseemly. Hallelujah. Don't you just love the word of God? That's why brother Brandham in this same quote and message, let me just refer to it. I don't want to put I'm not putting up there. I got it right here. And but brother Random when he says he's talking about how that when tongues and interpretation and when that sets down upon a person and brother Brandham parallels that with what takes place on the path platform and remember when brother Brandon would come out of that he would say uh what whatever he said right and brother Brandon will tell us that that's way he he'll say in this same message that tongues itself when it drops it drops like a supernatural combustion upon on the person and he said just overtaken them and he said and that's how that even the interpretation does and I love how brother Neville spoke up and said just a moment brother Brandon just a moment just a moment now you're not intending to say that that a that a person couldn't control it says a man that has a gift is supposed to be in control of it he can control himself you're so so brother Neville said you're supposed to be conscious enough to know that he's about to speak in tongues. Brother Bram said, "That's exactly right." So, it's not as though that it's just, "Wow, I didn't know what was going to take place." No, Brother Bram says if he's not conscious enough, it's already out of order. Now, now listen, let's let's let the Holy Spirit take this beyond just nine spiritual gifts. Let's let him take it down into our everyday life because there's situations that you have to approach and that I have to approach. There's situations not only as a pastor but as a husband, as a father, as coworker, on and on. There's situations that you have to approach that you have to wait on the timing of the Lord. Yeah. And even in the approach of it as even into what tool to use because using the wrong tool could be the wrong thing. You could be taking a shovel and a pick to an area that just needs to be loosened up with a hole. You see it goes see how it goes so much deeper than just how the word this is an application in this hour. Notice brother Bram even dealing with shouting. He said you know he said in the same quote he said it even deals with people. He said, "Fixing to shout, you know, but he said, you could be standing there," he said, "and all of a sudden in the present, in front of the president," he said, "and you all of a sudden turn loose, they're going to think you're crazy." He said, "But you you need to know when." It's just like in a service, you know, when there's things how God will touch our lives, and it isn't something we're saying, "Brother Aaron, shout right now. Brother Brother Shane, shout right now." No, you understand you. We've been right here. Not only here, you've been in other places, but we don't even have to leave here to where all of a sudden there'll be a spontaneous like combustion and all of a sudden it just, you know, it just it just it roars at that moment. Isn't it incredible how God moves together the synchronization? Why? So nothing is lost, but all are able to rejoice. You see, that's that's why we don't want to be in because if you're just one little fish by yourself, you ain't a school of fish. Nope. I don't care how much lateral line you got. There ain't you're lateral line. You have no other fish around you. Are you hearing me? Y'all have watched fish sometimes even in documentaries and man they'll move like this and like that and and they they'll move in that way even to throw off seals and and sharks and other things and they make themselves so with just going in that grouping or in that pattern. And the whole thing that the seals and dolphins and killer whales will do is they swim right into the midst of that to try to break up unity and get some off so they can go to feeding. This is why as God brings us together, this is why the real order of the Holy Spirit, it's not one just out here doing their own little thing. Right. It's a body that's moving in the symphony of the word. It's got the lateral line of predestination. Amen. That's catching up every turn and and move going up and moving this way and moving that. It's catching the moments of transition. Oh, don't you love him? So, the Holy Spirit, he will recognize his word to be true. He'll always recognize his word to be true. That's that's why brother Bram says as long as you he said like brother Neville standing here preaching in the platform. He said and here he is under making an altar call whatever he's doing. As long as he's in the pull pit and his voice is moving he's under the inspiration of God or should be. And then he said when he gets finished then the spirit of God will go to fallen in the meeting. In other words when it's moved from here it can move into that channel and into that place of God. If there's a message that is to be given there to the church that God sees that is that is that is his will. Now brother Bram it fell on me in the beginning. Brother Brham talking about right during the service while it's going on you know well brother Brand said I know it's true but it isn't the spirit falling on you brother the spirit the sister whoever you are the spirit is subject to the word. So the Holy Spirit will never interrupt the word. He won't do that. That that's confusion, right? It'd be like somebody it'd be like God giving you orders and somebody else coming around and you know a different orders. God stays with his word. Amen. Now, let me bring this down. Brother Brandon goes in. He says it's a gift of God and it wants to go forth and do something. What does the gift does? It's enthused. What's enthused? the gift is, but it's got to come under subject to the Holy Spirit. Right? So sometimes a person is doing something because of the gift and not under the leading of the Holy Spirit. So the prophet's bringing this down right here and showing us this. He said, "Now watch, Paul said, if a man speaks with tongues in the church and there be no interpreter, let him hold his peace." See, this shows control. If if the tongues are spoken, some of you reading ahead of me. If the tongues are spoken, I want you to hear what I'm saying. If the tongues are spoken, notice the scriptures. I skipped over many in our text that shows there is a control. If there be no interpreter, hold your peace. Well, I can't. Yes, you can. Yes. Right. That's the same way. Listen, friends, let's let him apply. Go deeper than that. That's why. Well, I was there with my husband and I couldn't hold my peace. Yes, you can. I was on the job and I just couldn't. Yes, you can. You are not somebody who belongs in an asylum that's lost control. That is not what the prophets were when it said they were moved upon by the Holy Ghost. It wasn't that they were walleyed and out of their mind. It was the inspiration of the Holy Spirit that lifted them up to catch the knowledge that was above earthly knowledge and bring it back down. Amen. Is that right? Now, so within this, notice he said it's got to come under that of the subject of the Holy Spirit. Now, if a man speaks with tongues in the church and there be no interpreter, let him hold his peace. No matter how much he wants to speak, watch this, how much it's crying out in him to speak. That's the gift. Wow. So the gift is separate from the Holy Spirit. The gift is actually crying out. Do you realize and see that sometimes where the confusion has come and why some have wrestled with things because they feel it's God that's leading me and it's not the Holy Spirit, it's the gift. Now you say, Brother Samuel, the results will speak for themselves. I can take you to where the prophet called miracle lines. And when he called those miracle lines, there was nothing scriptural about that. And he called them miracle lines. Bring your hardest cases and put them up here first. And there was number after number after number that were being healed. And brother Bram comes into the message and he says, "He hasn't spoke to me for six months. Wow. Because he said, "I've done something that's not even patterned in the scriptures." You say, "What was that?" That was the gift moving in compassion. Just stay with me here. It's very See, see when when God begins to break this, you know what it does? It begins to loosen. It begins to loosen ideas, minds, or thoughts of bondage where people feel like as though they're disappointing, displeasing God. Oh, I thank God for the loosening of I thank God for freedom. Don't you? That's the gift. That's the gift. So we understand that that that that that the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Now brother Brandon says he goes into he says now even I see it many times with the gift that the holy spirit has given me to pray for the sick. I see a time here where it said the gift oh there's some poor little fellow. I must pray for him. My heart just feel for him. And the Holy Spirit said leave him alone and go over here to this one. Oh my. No matter what the gift says, it's got to yield to the spirit. So the gift can talk. You know, a gift could tell somebody even there might be a special singer, you need to go sing right now. It's got to yield to the spirit. Now, if it doesn't, there's an order that God has set within his word within the church that will bring in an order. And how it responds to that will determine what spirit was even leading them in the first place. That's a direct quote because if the spirit because if the person can't take correction, it shows the spirit on them doing what was being done was not the Holy Spirit. Why? because he's subject to the word. No matter what the gift says, it's got to yield to the spirit. That's why Paul said that gift right in there in congregation will yield to the prophet. You got to yield to the order. It's a gift. And he said, I hope that explains that. He picks up one more. One more. He said, "When a man," Brother B just goes on this, I just love it. He says, "When a man speaking or preaching up here on the platform, a message going forth, if the man is a man of God, he's anointed of the spirit to preach the word." And that's the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is moving there. That's just your gift there trying to get you started. Woo. Oh, I feel it. I feel it. I feel it. I know God wants me to do this. Wow. So many times, listen friends, I'm not saying this to I'm saying these things to be a help. You can just take the term impression and impressions. Trust me, I studied this for months and months before we ever dealt. Many times it's impressions when it can start to get moving. I don't want to say many as far as giving a percentage, but I'm saying you we always have to check it. And you know, one of the simplest ways to check it is check it right with the word of God right in the order that God has given. That's the simplest way to check it. Well, I know so and so patting me on the back. That's not vindication. Amen. That's not vindication. Remember the man who played there on on on the platform and the prophet gives this example. All the audience was standing and applauding. He didn't even look at them. He looked in the balcony and he wanted to see what does he say. That's how our lives are. Cuz we can have a lot of plotting and alkales. And let me just tell you something. There's a lot of things that I feel and I feel and sometimes there's things you know what I thank God that people are cordial enough and gracious enough to not all of a sudden bury somebody and say that was wrong you but I'm so glad that we can be able to shake hands and say God bless you thank you and go on because you know what God will correct all things and bring it all into the order of his word. We can be real sons and daughters of God, real gentlemen like the Holy Ghost is. Amen. Is that right? Oh, blessed be his name. That's where the gift wants to get started trying to get you started. But the Holy Spirit is coming through the word and the Holy Spirit will always the Holy Spirit. He feeds on the word and it'll recognize this word and be reverent. Let's stand. Brother Brandon said that in little that gift in his life would, you know, it'll go out there and says, you know, to go take care of this little one. And brother Brand said, "My poor heart's beating for that little fella right there. Here sets a lady over here with female trouble, and the angel will never touch that woman laying right there. It'll go right beyond her and say to this other one, "Thus sayeth your healed, now me." Watch. Now me, my gift, I want to get to that woman there. And what's he saying? My gift wants to get to that woman, but the Holy Spirit says, "Go over here." I'm saying, Lord, no matter where we're applying this in every phase of our life as he's been leading us here tonight, going beyond just the nine spiritual gifts, leaving even beyond these walls, but in our own everyday wall, there's sometimes where we've had a notion to do something. But thank God, we've waited on him. Sometimes even in on that waiting on him, you know, it can get to a place we think, am I moving fast enough? Yeah, that's good. Should I have or should I have not and should and we're yeah, brother, I can't go into that in Revelation series, but he deals with that. But you know, Paul and Paul all the way through the scriptures, Philip was having, they were having amazing services in Samaria. It didn't make sense to take Philillip as far as in our minds from here down to meet a unic. But that's what God's will was. And what did he do? He obeyed. And he obeyed and he was transported like a thought. Right? Because there ain't no way he made it there just by walking or running. See, God already had that transportation already there. You see, it just shows us that that that many times just just submitting to God's will. He can take us places that we can think it could take a long time to get there. All it takes is just a surrender. All it takes is just submission and God can take us right there. Lord, cleanse me. Lord, take let I surrender, Lord, to take us there. Lordise, Paul said, I I I want to go to Asia. Spirit forbid him. That's what the scripture said. He had a notion. There was a woman preacher following him around. These men be the men of God and going on. Paul knew he had power to cast that devil out. But he waited until the right time. This is why Paul could say, "I'm a prisoner of Jesus Christ. I'm not a prisoner to my own feelings." He had them because he describes them in Corinthians. He isn't it funny how he can relate to the Corinthian church letting them know listen I still have feelings like you do. He could say remember I was despised but not cast down. He could relate to all that. I still have feelings but he did not allow feelings to be placed above the word. He took always his feelings took those things and that's a constant that's constant. It's constant in our lives. constantly submitting to the word of God. But you know what that proves? That's showing pride. That's what that's what that's showing because others ah I don't want that. Remember Rebecca's remember what Rebecca's her her her her brother and them they didn't want to go but give us the gifts. They were content with the gifts. They didn't want to go but she was willing to go. And that's the thing. Oh God, what a great value. What a great treasure. Friends, don't listen. I know many times you're looking, you might say, "Oh, if I if I had this, you know, to be able to this testimony and this testimony to share with my coworker, share with my coworker." You know, the greatest testimony is first of all, you're in your right mind right here tonight. Another thing is another great testimony is is the word of God is living right through your life. And you know, a great a real great testimony is you've got a heart that wants to obey the word of God more than anything else. And obedience is better than sacrifice. Hallelujah. Sometimes it's the little things, but God looks on the heart. Don't you love him? Oh God, let's just pray. Heavenly Father, I'm sure Lord every one of us Lord here tonight those it's Lord not only in the visible but invisible as well. Lord Jesus, this is our heart's desire is the Lord to be fully a prisoner of Jesus Christ. Lord that has your bride, the lamb's wife. I always thought that was so tremendous how it's included. It doesn't say the lion's wife. It says the lamb's wife. It speaks she's got a corresponding nature of her husband, a lamb that can be led. Lord Jesus, help us here tonight, Lord. Father, you've graced us with your presence. Things that, Lord, that you've spoke to our hearts, Lord. ministered Lord not to put us in a corner but to relieve Lord ideas thoughts your prophet called it leavvening Lord that would just Lord just not meant there's not one of us Lord no one ever meant to carry things over the Corinthian church never meant this but your prophet told us there in 196 63 church order. We know that you taught through Paul, the Ephesian church, Thessalonica church. They didn't just understand the gifts by osmosis. They were taught it. But here in Corinthians, there had to come correction. And your prophet told us it's because they made it an issue. Lord, help us. Help us, Father. Forgive us, Lord, in places in our lives that even goes beyond the gifts where we've made things issues. Lord God, you never intended things themselves in one way to be a struggle. But Lord, sometimes, well, all the time, Lord, the greatest enemy I've got is Samuel. He's my biggest enemy. Lord Jesus, I just, Lord, I want to, Lord, with all of my heart, I want to love you more, Lord. I want to with everything that's within me, Lord, as there's things, Lord, that you've brought across my path, even Lord, as you would deepen our understanding through these times, Lord, not just within this series, but in other Lord God, as we're walking with you, walking in this word, Lord, we can fellowship on this that our our understanding has become fruitful, Lord. Not just something that has become knowledge where we can repeat things but Lord where it's become a practical outworking. Lord [Music] Jesus help us Lord every one of us. Lord when I read this text here tonight I was reading of a group of people. They had great enthusiasm. your prophet Lord as I looked and have studied on that Lord on times on enthus enthusiasm he'll bring that Lord in two veins of thought and he'll show us that that sure there's times just as I read in these quotes where a gift itself alone can get [Music] enthused Lord Jesus but there's a real enthusiasm that comes from the vine through the branches us. And it's an enthusiasm, Lord, that'll move us right into the word. You never come to take our enthusiasm away. Lord, if our enthusiasm is limited to our own ideas, then that's not the enthusiasm you intended. That needs to be taken away because it's a real hindrance. But Lord, we want from that real source, that fountain that's open in the house of David. That's the real source of enthusiasm. Lord, when lives have been cleaned and set free, sin question answered, Lord God. Lord, drawing from that that fountain, that thanksgiving, Lord Jesus, of your presence in our lives. Help us, Father. Lord, I pray right here tonight, maybe as our heads is bowed, you'd want to be remembered in prayer. Maybe father, mother, husband, a wife, grandparent. You say grandparent. Oh yeah. Speaks of it in the book of Deuteronomy. But looking at all these, a co-orker, a brother, a sister, every one of us, deacon, trustee, song leader, on and on. So special singer. Lord, help me. Lord like your prophet when he talked about Paul he said he had a notion to go over there to Asia but the spirit as the scripture said forbid him and then he assayed to go there and the spirit suffered him not to go. Lord one thing about it is Paul was open to your leading. He tested things such as maybe a young person saying, "I I just it seems like I'm drawn to this particular thing right here in school, maybe career or trade, but always open to the leading of the Lord." Don't ever close your life with a period, [Music] but always a comma. Always available for God to come by and interrupt our plans. Lord Jesus, help us tonight as husbands, as fathers, as mothers. Lord, there's pressures all around us. Things that Lord that would love to strip away enthusiasm in serving you. Giving our lives to you, Lord. Lord God, every one of us, there's a battle through this journey. Every one of us, Lord, we have to press. not pressing against our own nature when that nature has been changed but it's actually the subduing of this outer realms as Paul would say bringing it into subjection Lord God help us help every one of us Lord help us Lord oh God we might have notions of this and notions of that but may we always Lord God be reserved to your leading, Lord. Lord Jesus, your leading is peaceable. It's not arrogant. It's not detestable. It's not touchy. Your leading is that of the dove. It's peace. Lord Jesus, help us. Grant to us Lord God. Help us to in each situation of life. Grant to us Lord the knowledge that we have need of the real Holy Ghost knowledge. Lord help us Father. Grant it Lord. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go ahead brother Brian. Go ahead. Welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. We are in your [Music] presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of [Music] me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Father, we are in your [Music] presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me for you're the living water. Oh, ever dwelling fountain. [Music] Comforter and counelor take complete control. Oh, you're the livinging [Music] water, never drying fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. We are in your [Applause] presence. Fill us with your power. Oh Lord, live inside of me. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Yes, Lord. We are in your presence. Oh yes, heavenly father. Yes, Lord. Fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. For you're the living [Music] water, ever trying fountain, comforter and counelor. Oh, take complete [Music] control. Your living water, never drying fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete control. One more time. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Yes. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. us with your power live inside of me. One more time. You're the living water. You're the living water, never drying fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete [Music] control. You're the living water, never drying fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete [Music] control. Welcome, Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. The more that I surrender, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. Oh, that I release my cares takes control. Yes, Lord. more than I can humble myself. Lord, he lifts me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. More than I surrender. Oh Lord, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord, I live. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord our love only gets easier and it gets easier to understand this road tingling down. There's no more wondering or wavering. I'm standing on solid ground and I know I'm here to my future home. For in the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Oh Lord, I love you. Oh more I surrender. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. And the more that I release my cares, the more he takes control, the more that I humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. And the problems I had won yesterday are stepping stones to a higher place. the trials that seem so awesome to me. Lord, they're now my banners of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I'm Yes, Lord, I love you more. Hallelujah. Oh, the more that I surrender, higher my Lord, the more that I release my car. Oh, the more yes, he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Oh, every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. One more chorus. One more chorus before we go. He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. Yes, he put that reassur oh way down in my soul. Oh, he's got it all in control. Oh, I put my life in his hands. Oh, I put my life in his hands. Yes, Lord. Oh, I put my life in his hands. Oh, every road I walk. Hallelujah. doors in his hand. I put my life in his hand. Last verse, my father knows. Hallelujah. My father knows what I need. Oh, my father knows what I [Music] mean. Every trial I go through, he knows what's best for me. Yes, he does. My father knows what I need. Let's all bow our heads. Lord Jesus, thank you for this word tonight, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. We want you to take complete control, Lord Jesus, when we the gifts that we have in our life, Lord, let us maintain that enthusiasm that we want to see you move, Lord. We want to see you use us, Lord. We want to be used in your time, Lord, for your glory when it's time, Lord. Help us to be vessels, Lord. Keep us clean, Lord Jesus. Keep us focused on you. Keep our zeal focused on you, Lord Jesus. So that we can be used whenever you need us, Lord Jesus. Help us to be sensitive to the Holy Spirit, Lord God. Kneel to you, Lord, when you are anointing us with the Holy Spirit, Lord. Help us to know the difference, Lord Jesus. Appreciate that word tonight, Lord. Just so enlightening on on these things, Lord God. Thank you so much, Father. Just clearing up so many questions, Father. Really appreciate that, Lord. I pray that you'd bless the congregation, Lord Jesus. Watch over us as we go home, Lord. Bless, Brother Sam, watch over Brother Jerry and them as they're still traveling back home to Tennessee. Lord, uh be with those that's going to travel this weekend, Lord. And we look forward to coming back together again to worship at the appointed time this Sunday. We give you thanks and glory. Watch over us. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Church says, "Amen." Amen. God bless you all. May the Lord be with you until we meet again. [Music] He's got it all in control. Yeah, he's got it all. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. Oh, he's got it all in [Music] control. I don't [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You deserve the glory.
