################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-14 - Church Order 20 - A More Excellent Way 3 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-14
Title:   Church Order 20 - A More Excellent Way 3 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPq-2N7fXsU
========================================

Oh, I know the maker of the rain. We can calm a storm, make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. One more time, let's sing. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. [Music] The storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Amen. Are you glad he's the master of the wind. Amen. Praise the Lord. As we just go into the prayer request, you keep on playing. Um, please pray for the Beam family. They are not feeling well tonight and they need a touch from the Lord. Uh, pray for loved ones who need the Lord in their hearts. Amen. Um, please continue to pray for my friend Heather Crims, for Gilbert Lanny to come back to the Lord, and also for Sister Rita as she is sick. God bless sister Stephanie. an unspoken friend request. The Lord knows. Please remember my wife and I in prayer concerning an urgent unspoken prayer request. We covet your prayers. Thank you, Dave C Jr. I was wonder, brother Dave Crest Jr., if you would please come up and pray for these needs, please. You can all stand up as we pray. [Music] And let's just bow our hearts before the Lord, dear heavenly father. Lord, it's such a Lord, just wonderful to know that Lord, you are the master of the wind, Lord. And not only to know that you are the master and in control, Lord, but to know you, Lord. And to know, Lord, that all we have to do is just, Lord, turn to you and lift up your ne your name in prayer, Lord. And Lord, you're here. You will hear, Lord, and answer, Lord. And just Lord, you're mindful, Lord, of every single one of our needs, Lord. And just just the requests on each and every one of our hearts, Lord, and even even today, Lord, this evening in this service, Lord, just as the word would come forth, Lord, the the scripture says the your word came forth and healed them, Lord. It Lord, we just know, Lord, just each and every one of us, Lord, have things on our hearts, Lord. We just commit each and everyone to you, Lord. And just Lord pray that Lord you just have preeminence in this service Lord and just Lord just ask for Lord help for brother Samuel Lord as you would bring the word Lord just Lord that you could be a conduit L he could be a condor Lord that you could work through Lord just to to minister Lord directly to your people Lord we love you Lord we thank you Lord for this time together Lord we just appreciate Lord just this time Lord to set aside Lord to have communion and fellowship with you Lord Lord the master of the win the master of our lives. Lord, we love you, Lord. As these seed in your blessed name, Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I was wondering if we could sing Psalms 34. Psalms 34. Amen. Well, I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me. from every you don't sit down those who look on [Music] radon [Music] they'll never be ashamed never be ashamed I sought the Lord I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered from everywhere. [Music] Those who look on you our radi [Music] say magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. [Music] This poor man cried and the Lord heard me and save me from my enies. The son of God surrounds his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. will magnify the Lord with peace. Come exalt his name together glorify the Lord with me. I'll exalt his name to [Applause] Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, hear the Lord. All you say he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever rich. Let us bless the Lord every day and night with everending praise. We are in right. Let us bless the Lord every day and night ever praise. May our rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night with never ending praise. May our incense one more time. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. They are in his right will magnify the Lord with me. I'll exalt his name forever. Glorify the Lord in peace. I'll exalt his name forever [Music] this. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord singing. Blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. [Music] So we lift up holy hands in one go. Sing sing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. One more time. Blessed be the name of the Lord is worthy. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord. Sing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. And you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. And you do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Verse one. Oh, you deserve the glory. Heavenly on earth. I lift my hands in worship and I bless your holy name. You deserve the glory. [Music] had the honor. I lift my hands in worship that I bless your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no else like you. And I love you, Lord. [Music] For your mercy never fails me. [Music] And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. And all my life and all my life, you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I known you as a father. I known you as a friend. And I am in the goodness of God. See, all my life, oh, and all my life you have been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been so, so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. Your goodness is running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me with my life laid down. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God with every breath. of the goodness of God. &gt;&gt; So thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus you have washed me why. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. The verse. Oh, I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The bridge was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divide. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. Oh, and there at the cross. You paid the debt I owed. Hold my chains. Free my soul. For the first time I had soul. Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Oh, you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days and then you walked right out again and now death has no sin and life has no end. So I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. So thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus you have washed me why. Thank you Jesus you have saved my life. brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness to glorious life. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Applause] Let's sing and I was born to serve the Lord. Amen. As our pastor comes from the dust of the earth, God created man. His breath made him a living soul. Thank God so loved the world that he gave his only son and I [Music] loving in his likeness created in his image. For I was born to serve the Lord and I can't deny him. I will always walk beside him. For I was born to serve the Lord. My hands were made made to help my neighbor. My [Music] name should be God's word. and my feet were made to walk in his footsteps. My body is to love the Lord. For I in his likeness, created in his image. For I was born to serve the Lord and I can't deny him. I always walk beside him. For I was born to serve the Lord. And I can't deny him. I always walk beside him. for I was born to serve the Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. We certainly thank God for his grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And what a reality it is that that so has resonates within our hearts that that's really our purpose of being here is really is to serve the Lord. &gt;&gt; And what whatever that God has in store as far as for our life, the purpose and all that it is is we know that there's one thing that's for certain is that when we've come into that place of what the main purpose is, the prophet tells us is to be born of the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then however that God would choose to use us in his great economy and for whatever time that's all in his hands. &gt;&gt; And brother Bram would say it like this. He said, "When he's finished with me here, I'm ready to go." &gt;&gt; He said, "I don't want to stay a moment later." &gt;&gt; You know, it's something how God just will so place that in our hearts. you know, even within it. I I thought about even you know you can see that sometimes you know in different ones and even beforehand and and yet then there's other times where there's things that so happens unexpectedly and I sent out a text to the church here the other day when I had found out news with brother Bruce Jakowski went on home to be with the Lord and um I had uh spoke with brother John Martin on the phone. We just actually had um uh communicated because of uh taking brother Timothy uh to meet someone from his church on Friday and uh brother Bruce, you know, he led songs there. And so I I talked with brother John and I asked, you know, I asked him to convey our love and greetings to sister Donna and um also to the church and that we would be praying for him. And um you know I asked brother John I said brother John was it something that I said I'm assuming that it was really unexpected and brother John he said it was he said brother Bruce was working the previous day on Monday with a jackhammer busting up concrete around his house and he said he overdid it. And so, um, you know, even sometimes when things are, you know, expected or not, it's it's it's difficult. And so, we want to remember the Chakowski family in prayer. Brother Bruce was a a good friend. He hadn't been here in a while. And the last time he was here, I know I was out of town. My dad was still living, but Brother Bruce, I still remember um him coming and uh always remember him, you know, playing the trumpet. That was kind of like the signature, but he was a really, really good minister of the gospel. And I remember him just coming and brother Bill Maria opening their home and the church just, you know, getting started over the over the years and brother Bruce staying there and, uh, ministering, you know, services there for us. And so, uh, we certainly as a as a people and as a body, we certainly have been blessed, amen, by the ministry of brother Bruce. And I know not everybody knows him, but uh most that has been here or you've been around and you you met remember brother Bruce. And I never forget a time down in um we were in a meeting and um uh the meeting the pre-ervice had had um went a little long. It was um about an hour and a half before the minister got called out and um and I remember brother brother Hildebrandt stepped out to minister and when he did cuz people were just you know you're just tired. you're right out in the heat and people are tired. And I remember brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother Hildebrandt he just asked that nobody would sing but he had brother Bruce stand up and play only believe with the trumpet &gt;&gt; and there was I don't know how to explain it to you know I mean I love worshiping friends I love singing I love all that but you know there's always like the prophet says with times and things people will worry but I just remember there was such an anointing that came and it was just like a wind of refreshment that came into that building &gt;&gt; when as brother Bruce was just praying under the anointing of the Holy Spirit and uh it changed it really changed the outcome you know within that service and uh so I just so appreciate you know brother Bruce and you know sometimes you we were talking with the boys there at home I said you know sometimes what it is you don't we were trying to remember the last time we had seen him because the boys they had you know being up at the tri-state meeting sometimes brother Bruce would come in there to brother Paul's and um support that. And so I think Paul or one of them was mentioning how they had saw him one of the latter times up there and I think the last time we saw him was at brother John Lefontine's uh passing his funeral. Um, but you know, one thing about it, we're we're going to meet soon and very soon. &gt;&gt; And uh, so I I just um I don't mean to take a lot of time with that, but I want you just to remember, please remember sister Donna and um, and the girls in prayer there and his his family and extended family, grandchildren, and so forth. And so I asked Brother John to communicate to us any of the details. I have not received anything from brother John, but they were supposed to be getting all that arranged. And so, as soon as I'll know anything like that, we'll definitely pass it on to you as an assembly uh regarding that for brother for brother Bruce because I don't know when they're going to do any services or anything like that. But soon as I hear that, I'll pass that on to you all and get that to you. Um so, let's just um let's stand if we could. And um we just want to go before the the Lord in prayer and Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we just are so thankful, Lord, to be able to once again come into your presence. What a wonderful atmosphere, Lord. Dear God, we know that it's not the brick and mortar. It's not even strings of instruments that create that, Lord. But, Father, the Bible's so true. You dwell in the praises of your people. Lord, how that God as we come in here, Lord, from all walks of life and been through the toils and everything of the day, the weak, there's burdens, there's needs, there's questions, Lord, even Father, within our with lives, things that Lord that we would be facing. Some things we know of and other things we don't. But Lord, we're here that we might be refreshed in your presence, Lord. that we might be washed by the water of the word. Lord, we ask that God that you would as you're here, may you just take your word and speak to us through your word. Lord, minister, Lord, to our needs. Help us, Lord. I pray that God that our focus, our attention, our hearts would be directed Lord, Father, as you would direct us and guide us. Lord, you know the the request and what we have need of. And so, Lord, even as we lift up these needs, there were many, Lord, that were spoken and unspoken tonight, Lord. Different ones among us, Lord. I know different ones, Lord, dealing with sickness. Some are recovering, Lord, from sickness and different things, Lord, from being together this past weekend. And I pray that God, may you continue to strengthen, Lord, each one, Lord. I pray that father may you just Lord continue to Lord minister now to the Jacowski family Lord dear God how we're so thankful for the life of brother Bruce Jakowski so thankful God for our brother Lord Jesus there's just so many fond memories and Lord how that God you have so Lord made and so Lord fashioned each of each of us Lord for that purpose to serve that purpose, Lord, for us and I know for Sister Don and them, Lord, it has taken us by surprise. But Lord, nothing has taken you by surprise. &gt;&gt; So Lord, we trust you, Lord, even in these moments that we we don't understand, Lord, but we trust you, Father. And we ask that God that you would Lord so comfort Sister Donna and Lord the girls Lord which Lord they're more than girls now they're even beyond that of young ladies Lord but would you just comfort them Lord minister to each of them Lord your God as I heard brother John Lord brother John Martin the other day on the phone just expressing God our condolences Lord Father, how our brother expressed, "Yes, we're going to miss him. He led worship for us." Oh God, may you comfort that assembly. Lord, comfort Brother John. Lord, may you just, Lord, a great friend that stickketh closer than a brother. May your presence, Lord, I pray, just just move, Lord, I pray, to every heart, Lord, in that assembly, Lord. Lord, have your way. I pray, Father. Lord, tonight we ask that you would, Lord, once again, just hide us behind the cross, Lord. May you come and just speak to our lives and our needs, Lord. You know the very things that we have need of, Lord. And we just want to be guided by you, Father, in every way. We just commit this service into your hands now, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. I would like if you just to turn with me. Let me get it here. 1 Corinthians chap 12 verse 27. 1 Corinthians 12 and verse 27. I just love how the Holy Spirit when God would move right down through Paul and just working with each of this in the Corinthian church. And I love how brother Brandham so brings the focus and you can read that in the very first verse or the first chapter where Paul lets them know who they are positionally. So it wasn't just the Ephesians that he would let know who you are and you've been positioned. But some of the very first opening verses in Corinthians, 1 Corinthians chapter 1, he lets them know of their position and who they are. But then within these things, how that it would never take anything away, but just to put things not only in its order, but even with the right perspective of how to look at these things. And I'm so glad that God would take time to deal with this. Aren't you? You know, God just doesn't come by and just let us know, well, this is wrong or this is wrong. But he takes time to deal with our lives. I'm so glad. I'm glad. I'm glad he just don't, you know, bring correction through his word. But I'm grateful through that correction he teaches us. Paul would write here in verse 27, "Ye are the body of Christ and members in particular." So your part in the economy of God and God hath set in the church first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversities of tongues. And he would say, "Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? have all the gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret? But covet or desire earnestly the best gifts, and yet show I unto you a more excellent way. Now, when Paul writes this by the spirit of God, he's not he's not leading the church away from gifts. He's not leading them away from there. He would not be a true servant of God, but he's leading them into the right way or the right character or the course of conduct or what should actually be the oversight of everything. I show unto you a more excellent way. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word as you're being seated. I want to continue on here just a a little bit this evening on a more excellent way. Um, but before I do that, I want to I mentioned to you back in um I think in February um that I would have here at a time dealing with things that we've covered uh within the gifts and things like that if there was any questions and answers. And I know I get um labeled within my own household of being thorough to a fault. Um but um you know I don't um even if everything's of being thorough I I can't do anything unless God inspires me to to minister it. But if there is questions and things regarding that of things that we've brought I I would would love to be able to prepare and then to have some time to uh be able to bring that here. And if you have that, I would appreciate if you would email me and it' give me a little bit of time to gather and go back over some things uh that's here. And I know we we understand this as believers. I don't think any any of us would ever have the wrong motive within this. And I've seen sometimes with questions and answers of things to where that it's it's really not questions and answers. It's it's actually statements or things that's being made to try to put a different point across. So I've I've seen those types of things, but I don't I don't foresee that here. But just understand that um I believe when we have a question, it's something we desire that the Lord would would help us maybe to further understand. So if there's something within this that we have looked at within the gifts or the spiritual leadings and these things like that, if you just just email me, allow me just to be able to prepare a little bit. And um the other thing is is just as much as um one of the times here just recently um and I had to kind of mention some things to an individual and um I'd asked have you heard this particular Thursday service that I dealt with certain things on and then they were able to say oh brother Sammy I'm sorry I I didn't hear that. So they went back and were able to listen to that to that service. And um so just just please if you know I know with different times when different ones aren't here and I'll probably go over this on Sunday. Um it's very very important because uh to go back and to listen and to find these things of um what we're looking at how the Lord would lead us through this. And um you know uh and I I say that because one particular time I had I had had someone that was so you know they were so upset with me you know and I know that's hard to believe but uh one of the times but I had asked you know and the individual was just wanting to you know and and I mentioned I said I said um have you listened to the service I said that that was actually ministered within that and they said no and I don't plan on it. I how can I help? If you don't listen to it and we're going to go through it, we're going to I'm going to comb back through some of the same things, but it would help if you would do that. Then I can I we can talk about some of the quotes and scriptures and maybe it would, you know, settle things. But, you know, I kind of seen within that right there just the spirit itself just wasn't right and it wasn't going to be received no matter, you know, what was done. And um but I I just I believe as as believers, you know, when there's things we have questions and answers and brother Brandon would do that when it would come to seals and other things um the seals and then he would have other parts, you know, and just to try to keep things focused in a way upon some of these times. And I told you I would do that and I certainly want to stick with that because I know there's a lot that you know that was given. Um, but we want to look here tonight uh upon this and I just just you can I think that's pretty simple. Remember bswwtpastorgmail.com and um but I want to look here today a little bit more on that thought of of a more excellent way. And um the reason I just had placed this under that of of church order is because some of the very first statements that brother Brandon would make the first time he ever does church order there in 1958. And he makes this one of the opening statements that he makes within there when he's declaring what they believe at the Brandom Tabernacle. And he says it like this. He says, "I think first that every member or every worshipper of the Brham tabernacle should be so much in divine love with each other until their hearts would long for each other when they have to go away to leave each other at the service at night. I am a true believer in divine love." Now, the one thing that we'll look at here a little bit more tonight and how the Lord would take us and lead us is that divine love is not something that we and ourselves can just move into. It's not even something that we can even work up, but it's something that has to be given divinely by God. Yeah, &gt;&gt; it must be a resource when divine love being that remember the scripture says God is love and we also know that God is the word. We also know that is the Holy Ghost that all of all of this pertains to the one selfsame being. And so this when we think of it where brother Brandon would actually kind of set the direction for that of the church is first every member every worshipper. Now it it's I mean it's it's evident. You listen to the message, you go through it. You could read through it in Corinthians or whatever more. Well, did it ever come to a time that Brother Bram didn't have to deal with where they're preaching and ministering, at least what we can hear on tape, didn't have to deal with sin, didn't have other things that they had to deal with, church problems and all those other things. Not at all. As a matter of fact, you'll hear you'll hear those things being dealt with time and time again. But the difference is when he when he's bringing it down here in this way that this should be something that we check our hearts and our lives with. You know, I never forget one time a person, you know, was, you know, was, you know, everything. And it wasn't to me, but it was to a person. They were complaining and this and that and this and that and so forth. And just the the person just expressed to them and said, you know, uh it should be to where there would be such a love in your heart to where you not only cannot wait for the church doors to open, but to get in and to fellowship with your brothers and sisters that are there. and that that individual responded to to this person and said,"You know what? I don't feel I don't necessarily feel that way." So, you know, if you don't feel that way, then here's one of two things. I don't Christianize that person. It's just one of two things. If you don't feel that way, if there's something to where you have seen such the backside and everything has been pointed out, remember, you're always every we're always going to see one another's. We'll see one another's shortcomings. We're going to see that you work together. You live in the same house. Listen, before you got married, all you seen was the pretty curls. You didn't see what made them. &gt;&gt; You didn't see all those things. But once you get once you get together, it it will take the grace of God. The prophet said it like this. It'll take grace to keep that home together. There'll be a lot of give and a lot of take. Is that right? &gt;&gt; So, been it's the same way. I mean, even when the spirit of God has come in the midst of our lives, there's still that humanity part about us. But that's not an excuse. When the spirit of God has come into our hearts, we now are under a different ownership. And we have a strength and a power within us that is greater than anything that would have been a part of what our first birth was. That's why the new birth is not something that can be uh schooled into a person, taught into a person, but the new birth is a sovereign act of almighty God where God has brought that heart into a place of complete submission to his word and God steps in and he finalizes, he crowns, he quickens, he changes that life by his spirit and then it's the love of God that's set down in our life. And then this is where we can say that what can separate us from the love of God. That's where that that's where the love of God and the strength within our lives. So when we when we look at this, you know, it should be so much in divine love with each other until their hearts would long for each other when they have to go away uh to leave each other at the service at night. I am a true believer in divine love. Now, I don't read anything in there in the quote about running to my car trying to get away from people. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; I don't read that in there. &gt;&gt; But, you know, neither do I read in there that Brother Brandham is talking about that it's going to be a gathering of perfect humanity. &gt;&gt; It's not. &gt;&gt; Every one of us sitting here are flawed human beings. &gt;&gt; That's not an excuse. But you know, it's an opportunity for God's grace to go to work in our lives. &gt;&gt; And so when we think of this here and looking at it, remember how Paul, let me just refer to a few places in the scripture here. I'm not going to put them up, but I want to refer to this place in Ephesians 1. And we know that this is our our our place and our position in Christ. And in Ephesians 1, it would speak of how that blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he had chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us until the adoption of children by Jesus, Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You you see what and we and we speak of this we can a lot of times you heard this but it was not us that made ourselves acceptable. &gt;&gt; It was his grace. You see, like the prophet said, love is ex is projected and when it comes to its end, then sovereign grace takes over and produces what love has called for. And so to see that God God's love has been projected and in his love being projected, his grace is what takes over in our life and brings us to that place to where our hearts are melded in his presence to where that that that revelation and it breaks upon our life. Let me tell you friends, you and I, what you and I were under, you know, Brother Bram said that he said, "I would have I would have served God at a much younger age, but it was a spirit that hung over me." &gt;&gt; He said it was a spirit that prevented me. But then he goes in to let us know that he says notice he said the preaching of the word is to cast that spirit away to where that heart can open up and to actually be able to accept what God has already done and wants to bring to reality in that life. So who is it that cast that spirit away? Was that was that you? Was that me? Was it man I pressed beyond that? No, it was God in his grace that would absolutely cast that spirit away and the heart that was already longing to serve God then could come into a place to accept what God desired to bring to a reality. I tell you, you talking about grace, it's nothing that could be merited at all in our lives. He goes on, Paul would go on in in the book of Ephesians in chapter 3 and he would write about those things that he was praying even for the believers that they might know the depths of the love of God that there is there is depths to God's love. How many believe that tonight? There is depths to God's love. It's not just it's not just something that you know takes place in our life and just maybe one time and here but there's a depth in our life. You know, you can know God's love even when you look back on your life before you experienced it by way of the new birth. You can even look back on your life and realize that God had his hand upon your life all along. You know why? Because there's no way you could not break beyond the threshold of time. If you're a seed of God, you can't break beyond that threshold of time without being sealed with the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; That's the God God's got a promise. It cannot escape that. And so God would would have his hand the whole time upon our lives. And I I know, you know, many times a person can say, "Well, you know, I thank God for keeping me from death and I thank God for this." But, you know, thank God for his grace that not only did that, but thank God for his grace that he brought it to a place to turn our hearts into a place of of surrender to him. &gt;&gt; Thank God for his mercy on that. And this is where Paul would write that his prayer is that that that the church would come into that place that they would know the depths of the love of God. And Paul would write it this way in Ephesians 3:17. He would say that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith that ye being rooted and grounded in love may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, length, depth and height and to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. So when we when we we come into this place of it there there is the right emphasis. This is where we were looking at the last time that we were together on many of the ways that brother Brandon was drawing and and bringing out of how that he was he was catching this among you know the churches and things that they were actually putting the emphasis upon the wrong things. And sometimes this with emphasis is not altogether where someone can come out and say this and this and this. Sometimes it's just as simple as sometimes uh that things can be stated as I mentioned to you before that you know after the ministering of the word is over and then someone would step to the platform and say well let's just see what the Lord will say and you know if then to look at that and to not catch that it would almost be that everything that was done beforehand was not even God speaking and let's just see what he'll say. That reminds me of though of the Pentecostal traditions where the prophet said they would take they would speak to him and say as long as the anointing is on brother Brandham and that discernment's going on he's a prophet but don't listen to his teaching. &gt;&gt; It's incredible. Just seen even a YouTube video of you know a man who has all them you know the private jets and everything else all around and the very thing that he mentioned to one of one of the other individuals that wrote some book and he brings up you know brother Brandham's name. Oh, you know, William Brown, all the the miracles and the faith that he did, but but he's teaching. That's where he he shouldn't have got into the teaching and and to think of it to to think that they would stand there and to make those statements like that. But you know what? They can't help it. They're ignorant of that. The thing of it is is the reason they would do that is because it goes against their own belief. &gt;&gt; And you know what God did? The message itself, it did not come to take us out of the Bible. It came to make the Bible live. It came to restore us back to Bible faith. &gt;&gt; That's why the whole ministry of the seventh angel, he plants the seed of the entire Bible so that it would be a bride that would be a biblebelieving bloodwashed bride that would have a complete confidence in the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So when we look at this the right emphasis, this is what we want. You know, even when we look at this in our homes and everywhere, our church, everything, we want to have the right emphasis. The right emphasis. Notice 1 John 4 11. John would write this, "Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another." Now, John's not given a Sunday school lesson. Is remember this? This is the very man that when things didn't go his way before or how he thought they ought to go, he was ready to call fire down out of heaven. &gt;&gt; So, in other words, that John was before the Holy Ghost came, he was okay as long as everything was going according to how he thought it ought to go. But remember, Jesus said when he wanted to call fire, now he was using scripture. He said, "Should we do this like Elijah did it?" But Jesus said, "You don't know what spirit you're of." But you see what happened to John? You say what what happened to John? Did John go through a seminar of love? You know, did he step into a bucket of honey? What happened to John? I'll tell you what happened to John. He met God in a very personal experience. He he came to know him more than just walking with him. He came to where that the comforter itself came on the inside. And it would absolutely change him to where that John's the whole message and everything that would deal with was about the divine love of God because when the real divine love of God I know Christian scientists like the prophet said he said oh they can outdo and many of the fruits of the spirit and everything else but they cannot outdo on the evidence of walking completely in the word of God. And that's what the real love of God in our life will do. It will take God's word above our own thoughts, above our own opinions, above our own feelings. And his word, it's not just the written letter here. It's his character. That's who he is. &gt;&gt; And so when we look at this, look how John would say, "We ought also to love one another. No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected, or it comes to its completion in us. Hereby know we that we dwell in him, and he in us, because he hath given us of his spirit, and we have seen and do testify, that the father sent the son to be the savior of the world. Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love that. In verse 16, "And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love." Well, how do I know that I've believed that? How do I know? It's changed your life. &gt;&gt; See it? The love of God, when God's love has been projected, it must come into that place of perfection in our life. In other words, to where like the prophet says, that fel love that we have for that of our wife, we have, you know, it's a love that that's also a very conditional love. It's a love that also has its likes and everything else like that. But unless that felio love can actually come to a place that it's overrode by the agape love, then felio love, we can never know God in the right way. In other words, it always still becomes something to where you know that you you you have a like towards God, yet it's called a love. And there's certain attributes. There's certain parts. I mean, it's just like many within the church world today. They want certain attributes of God, but they really don't want him. They want certain things that he will do, certain parts of that who he is. They want all of those things, but they don't want him because if he came in, he would change how they live. He would change their life. As a matter of fact, they would live a real faith life that would match the word of God. Their lives would be an amen to the word of God. But they don't want him. They want his blessings and not him. But notice God's desire. This is not what he went to Calvary for was just to dispense or just to, you know, shower us with blessings here within the outer realms, but to actually bring to us, as we read, spiritual blessings in heavenly places. When our souls have been birthed and lifted into that realm of heavenlies, that's where there's real spiritual blessings. That's where God can really be begin to move and move through our lives as channels. But notice the love that God hath to us, God is love. And he that dwelleth in love. Now this is this is what's peculiar. You'll find this over and over with dwelleth. This is not something that's in and out. In and out. That was the difference when the Holy Ghost came. What what set the whole difference is the Bible where John the Baptist was was it was declared to him on whom thou see the spirit descend and remain. &gt;&gt; So it's not just something that would come and move away and then something that would come and something that would drop away. No, it it's got to be deeper than that. You know, there's those things of how that Satan would just like to be able to point to those types of things. But there is no absolutely greater resolve than that our hearts would be so in tune with God's word. And such a desire within that that Lord, I want to please you above everything else. &gt;&gt; My desire is to the Lord and the Lord alone. So, you know, when we look at all of this that just to dwell in love, that's this is where we want our address. If somebody's going to send you a package, we don't we don't want to be well, I don't know where they're going to be at. We want to be known to that this is where we're dwelling in the love of God. Brother Samuel, what are you saying? I'm saying being a real Holy Ghostfilled Christian, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Because outside of that, we can't dwell in the love of God. So he notice he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. &gt;&gt; Herein is our love made perfect that we may have boldness or have a confidence in the day of judgment because as he is so are we in this world. And there is no fear in love. But perfect love casteth out fear, because fear hath torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. We love him because he first loved us. &gt;&gt; Now to think of within that just within that scripture, this is why blue bra would say when divine love is in your heart, there's a difference in your life and everybody knows it. See, it isn't something we have to tell. Everybody knows it. &gt;&gt; And it's not just in good days, it's in bad days. It's not just when everything's on the mountaintop. It really shows in the valley. &gt;&gt; Everybody knows it. Why? Because it's not you trying to live that. Remember the testimony that Brother Brandham talked about that bubble brook? I drank from that bubble brook and I took a bottle down there and filled it up. And you know where brother Brandham referred to that very thing? He asked, "Who is it that's making you bubble like that? Is it because the deer come and drink from you? Is it because I come and drink from you?" And brother Ram said, "If that bubbling brook had a voice, he said it would be able to say, it's not you. It's not the deer. There is a force that is behind me." And that's exactly what the Holy Spirit is. The love of God when it sets down in our heart, it is a force behind us. It is that which emanates from the inside. Not something that we're looking and trying to somehow put on and and you know on the outside, but it is actually a force on the inside that we are constantly desiring to sink into and be enveloped by his presence. &gt;&gt; And everybody knows it. You live like a Christian, act like a Christian, walk like a Christian, and your whole system is timed to God's Bible. &gt;&gt; Now, I know in this this day and age we live, all the different watches and things, we don't even have to set our phones on daylight savings time, you know, thank God, you know, and some of those things, we don't have to change our clocks. And I mean, you know, there's there's certain things where brother Brandon will refer to this over and over is when you had watches and he would talk about how that they have, you know, each of those synchronizations within them where you'd have to wind them up and you'd have to set them. I remember my dad my dad had certain watches and I remember as a little boy I'd get into them sometimes and I'd look at them and they were watches you know we handed down some watches he bought and you'd have to wind those things up and you'd have to get things synchronized so that everything in it would actually tell the right time. Now I want you to think of it in every part of our life your life as an individual then our life as a body even as a body and then as a body around the world. you know when we look at it within our life there's all of those parts about our life that the Holy Spirit will come down and it's not just something that's you know automated and it's just automatic but it is constantly within that place the spirit of God will minister to our lives and we can recognize Lord I need a tuneup Lord I I I I need this in my area and you know the only time that we find that we don't find that when we're on the mountain top we don't find it when everything's going just right when those things show up in that way is a a lot of times where God has allowed situations that bring us to a place to realize that we need more of him. And within that, God will allow that. Wouldn't it be nice if everybody everybody just minded their own business and everybody just did what was right and everybody according to what we thought. That's right. &gt;&gt; Lord have mercy. Man, the world be a better place. We could hold hands, sing kumbaya and everything else, give the peace sign and everything. That that is that that's nonsense. That's not what that's not what Jesus said he'd come to do. He says, "I've not come to bring peace. I've come to bring a sword." And it wasn't that he came to stir up trouble within families and within homes. It's what that whole thing of the sword is to where the word would so come to such a place in our life to where even when it come to family, even when it comes down to our own lives, we will side with the word more than we'll side with our feelings. Let me tell you the victory of Calvary is what that is what it produces and is capable of producing in our life to where that it will actually equip us as sons and daughters of God to override our own thoughts and our own feelings and bring it in subjection to the word. No way possible without the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad for that? &gt;&gt; Amen. So this this the whole reality of when you know that confidence that God would bring into our life remember as the prophet would relay this in regarding to faith because really to to have faith love produces faith and yet what's a what's a marvel is how that Paul would take this in 1 Corinthians 13 and would say though I have faith to move mountains. Remember the gift of healing is one who has faith and they absolutely would be able to go into the word many times and be able to build people's faith. And yet even with a gift of healing, a gift of faith, gift of miracles, any of the nine spiritual gifts and yet very individual could absolutely be wrong down in their soul. And yet the spirit of God would absolutely be using and working through. That's one of the great mysteries in this end time that God would display in Matthew 24. There will be false Christ or false anointed ones. And how many times today, remember brother would talk about when that when that angel when Satan came to Martin and he came, you know, dressed in that way that he did, brother Brand said, wouldn't that have made many of Pentecostals fall down right there? But you see, Martin stood with the word. And no doubt, let me tell you, you're talking about a great presence. No doubt he had a great presence, great feeling that went around that. But notice, Martin stayed with the word greater and more than this presence or anointing or everything that he felt around him. He stood with the word. And you know what? When he stood with the word, it exposed that devil. Yeah. &gt;&gt; How much more in our own lives? Listen, we've all been there of things that you feel is right, things that we think is right. But oh, God, where is our strength? Brother said, "My strength has been to wait on God and just let it be in his presence." Let me tell you, if it come from God, the presence of God will never dissolve it. But if it comes from if it comes from God or it doesn't, I'll tell you, it will be dissipated in the presence of God. Oh, what a privilege it is to know that we can bring everything by the love of God into God's presence, &gt;&gt; man. So to think think, you know, to think about this. This is what Paul was bringing to this Corinthian church. Yes, it was correction when dealing with things with on gifts and all that because when they came together, one had a psalm, one had a this, one had a this, one had a that. And Paul wasn't doing away with their enthusiasm, but he was just trying to help them to see, wait a minute here. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You got to think about the whole body. Don't just think about yourself. &gt;&gt; Don't just think about you. Think about the body. Think beyond yourself. Listen friends, that's one of the things that the Holy Spirit, one of the greatest achievements in our life is to begin the overthrow of selfishness in our own life. our first birth which is there so tied to selfishness and the spirit of God continues to work in our life after he's overthrown that to continue to break every single hold in our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And Paul Paul would write of this to encourage the believers to don't rest don't rest in gifts. He didn't do away with it but he said don't rest in that. Don't let that be the marriage. Do not let that be your vindication. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Because it is not a vindication. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Now, I know we can go in the scriptures when it says, well, you know, if there's an unbeliever that walks in and prophecy is read when it's read and declared and then they'll say that God is with you. That's true. But remember, keep it right in with the scriptures and the message of the hour. The prophet said that is no sign or evidence of a spiritfilled individual. It is evidence that the spirit has used or moved upon that person, but it is no evidence of a spiritborn person. &gt;&gt; Now, Paul wasn't trying to take anything away, but as a real a real the first messenger, he wanted their confidence and their faith to not be based upon of all of these things. This had to be done and this had to be done. He wanted their whole the whole basis uh uh uh uh in their life to be placed in the confidence of what God was able to achieve through Christ and that revelation imparted to their life. Look how brother Ram would say it. He said to think of how that that God came down in the muck of what you were and sought you out and brought you out. That ought to create a perfect love. Look what you was and look what you are. Amen. &gt;&gt; You see this? What? What did that? He says, "What did that?" Somebody that loves you. &gt;&gt; Can't you have faith in what he's promised you? Real genuine love will create a confidence &gt;&gt; in his word. He caught me and he loved me when I was unlovable. He loved you when you were unlovable and he changed you. He said if I when I was an alien from him, he so loved me till he stooped down to get me and picked me up. That gives me confidence that he wants to use me. He's got a purpose in doing it. He's seen something in me. He's seen something in you. He says, "Oh, take your place in God's economy." That's what his love is to you. Now, won't your love reach right back to him? There's a love affair that no matter what the situation is, it circumstances is governed by this love. &gt;&gt; Amen. that creates faith. &gt;&gt; God loves you. &gt;&gt; You love God and you love one another. And that brings faith. &gt;&gt; Fear. God never intended that our lives would be ruled by fear. &gt;&gt; As a matter of fact, many of the things that God will still continue to break has to work and break away in our lives. I'm glad that he keeps on working in our lives to break us away from slavish mentalities that if I do this or if I don't do this, if I I have to do but he's bring you know what you know what he breaks it all back down to he brings he's breaking it all back down to is to come back to that of what he has done for you and he has changed your life and to bring you to a place of resting in what reality that he's already done in your life. Right? You say, "Brother Samuel, what happens if you wouldn't be able to preach?" If I'm resting in preaching as a vindication, we're all in trouble. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; we're all in a mess of trouble. &gt;&gt; I'm not resting in preaching, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; I'm not resting in any other gift. I'm not resting in the different miracles that I've witnessed God do. I'm not resting in that. I thank God for all of that. But that is no sign of a vindication. It is a vindication that God's presence is near and God will work through those things. But what happens in it? I think of how brother Bram said on debate with tongues. He said, "What happens if a person don't even have a tongue and can't speak?" &gt;&gt; Lord have mercy. They're in trouble when it comes to evidence of speaking in tongues. It's &gt;&gt; pretty simple, but it's pretty plain, isn't it? &gt;&gt; So, you notice that within it, it's not a it's not a works affair. It's a love affair. You know, God doesn't love you anymore if you could string together 10 wonderful days. I'm not talking about compromising, but his love towards you has never changed. &gt;&gt; Even in our failures, even in our weaknesses, that's why Paul would speak to the Galatian church because the Judaizers came in there and wanted to bring them back to under the law and doing this and doing that. And Paul said, "I'm afraid of you." Why are you turning down the grace that has already produced all of these miracles and changed your life and going back to doing all these things and keeping this and keeping that and keeping that but it was coming back to the rest &gt;&gt; of what God has done in your life. &gt;&gt; You see that brings a rest. When that is there in the life, God begins to move within that and a person is satisfied. You see that? That rest of God in your life, it actually works to affect every area of your life. &gt;&gt; The rest of God will affect your life as a husband, as a wife, as a father, as a mother. It brings stability into your life. And you might think, well, that that don't mean anything. No, it does. Because God intended from that rest you and the economy of God. Brother Bram says there is mothers in the economy of God. there's preachers in the economy of God. He said, "God's got mechanics." And he goes through and lists it all. So just because your your your your occupation or something or vocation was not read in that opening chapter, you are a part of the body of Jesus Christ in particular. God has said it in his economy. And so with that being in his economy and how that God has so placed those things, there is an emphasis that God himself through his word just as he did through Paul place upon these things. Now I want you to think of this because an emphasis itself is special importance, value or prominence that's given to something. This message, it came with the same emphasis as Paul. &gt;&gt; We agree with that &gt;&gt; where Paul said, "Though we are an angel." &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Right? Preach any other gospel, let him be accursed. Any other man preach any other gospel, let him be accursed. Now I want you there's many many quotes that we could read on it but let's just let's just look at this because within this of how that brother Brandon will will speak of this with the same emphasis that Paul would place on this more excellent way and begin to lay all these things out in 1 Corinthians 13 says if the Lord Jesus should stand on the platform tonight and he would look me in the face and say I'm going to give you your choice you can be a great person a great minister I'll give you a gift of preaching the gospel or I'll give you the gift of teaching the word or I'll give you the gift of divine healing. I'll give you the gift of prophecy or I'll make you a prophet or any of the fine gifts of faith. Brother Ram says, "Any of the gifts that's in the Bible, I'll give them everyone to you, but then I will withhold love from you. Or either I'll give you love and withhold the gift from you." I'd say, 'Lord, take all the gifts and let me have the love. For no matter how many gifts we got, they will never do us any good except the love of God is the motive behind the gift. We must have love. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, when brother Brandham is coming through this once again, he's the same emphasis as Paul. He is not putting gifts away. He is not saying that we don't need gifts. Contrary to anything of well we're beyond the gifts. We're not beyond the gifts. God has not only restored them there in the Isuza street ma Zuza street time but under the anointing of Malachi 4 they have been put back into their proper position &gt;&gt; in the church. not in storage, but like as I've said over and over, when my wife and I got married, she had before we got married on the bridal bridal shower, when you know, just looking in her room from that from that bridal shower, man, she had the boxes of the pots and pans and silverware and there was all sorts of stuff to make house and that was just all along one wall right there in her bedroom. But you know what? after we got married, after the ceremony and we entered into our home and when we got in there, those within the boxes came open. Now, she did not take a stockp and every time somebody came over and say, "Look at my stockp. Look at this stockp. Isn't this wonderful? Can you see yourself in this?" She never did that. She found a place to put it &gt;&gt; cuz you know what? There was going to be times we needed to to boil things in. There was things even within the saucepan and all that. So they didn't go into storage. We're we're not beyond those things. But they have their position. You see where the spirit of God has brought us into that place is to realize that the spirituality of a church and of a meeting does not depend on whether or not in that service we have the gifts operating or not. The spirituality even of a service does not even is not even determined with even what type of a service it was or how the man was a preaching. That does not interpret that does not mean that whatsoever. But we have learned to be able to recognize that God is Jehovah Gyra. And just as much as he put the ram on the mountain, the squirrels there in the woods and gave had rights the boys there that God is a God who provides when there is need for it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; So we've learned that that it's not anything we have to push ourselves into or we have to work ourselves into it, but be available as the prophet said, being a prayed up church. All right. &gt;&gt; Now, watch. Handwriting on a wall. If I had every gift in the Bible and could exchange it for love, I'd never wink an eye. I'd take it right now. Let me feel the blessings of the Lord and his divine love into my heart that's shed abroad by the Holy Ghost. And I'll exchange any gift in the Bible for that. You know what that means? If you exchange a gift or whatever for the love of God, that means that what you have &gt;&gt; is of lesser value &gt;&gt; than what's being offered. &gt;&gt; If a gift is there and the love of God is not behind it to motivate it, it doesn't have the same value. &gt;&gt; It doesn't have this is the value within it that it needs to be. Notice blue ram goes on to say, "I'd exchange a domain if I was a king and sitting on a throne and the world was my domain. I'd give every penny of it and forfeit a million years on this life in this world here as to have the love of Jesus Christ that shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. There's nothing that can compare to it." Right. Right. Now, &gt;&gt; this is just a selection of multitudes of quotes where the prophet would say this over and over with the same emphasis. Once again, he's not taking away from the gifts. Not even leading us a as a people to say, "Well, the gifts don't matter." What he's leading us to a place to say is is that whether or not that if there is an opportunity, the greatest thing that you are to seek after is the love of God &gt;&gt; in your soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I tell you friends, there won't be no rapture without the love of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. The Bible says it'll be perfect love. That that that's what we'll enter there. Is that right? It'll have it'll take nothing less than the love of God dwelling supremely in our lives. Now, think of this. What what charity itself, what charity does and what it is. I know we're familiar with these verses, but what it does, this is what it will do and also what it is. Now, I'm going to read this out of the amplified. That way, I don't have to go through and define words, but I'm going to read it out of the amplified. If you want to follow along in your Bible, that's fine. But 1 Corinthians 13 and verse 4, love endures long. Now this is I know this is simple but what does this does? Is it the person that's doing this? No, &gt;&gt; you can't. &gt;&gt; It'll give out. &gt;&gt; Even in our own strength, it'll give out. &gt;&gt; You can listen listen. You can try to endure even things that can be wrong is sitting right there in front of you and things may be on the job and so forth and you can think I'm enduring. I'm enduring. If it's not by the love of God, look out. there's going to be a blowup. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. There's things there's approaches to things as well. Sometimes there's things that we suffer with. There's sometimes there's things that we put up with and but we cannot do that of of our own strength because eventually there'll be a blowup. But there's got to be a place of release and a place and a source of refreshment in our life. And it must be God's love. Love endures long and is patient and kind. &gt;&gt; Love is never envious nor boils over with jealousy. It's not boastful or vain glorious. It does not display itself hottily. This is love does not do this. &gt;&gt; Now, could a person do that? Absolutely. But here's the thing. If the love of God's on the inside, you can't get by with it because the love of God, the Holy Spirit, the word of God will convict you. &gt;&gt; He's he convicts, man. There's there's the judgment seat of Christ has moved to the inside. It does not display itself indifferent. Let me just say this to you. You've heard me repeat this over and over. You've heard in the testimony of Brother Billy Paul and many others that said it. And I just just thinking about this once again today that when they asked brother Billy Paul who saw so many phenomenal miracles, I wonder if it had been you or I that they had asked and we had been standing there. I trust that we would have had the same same exact statement that brother Billy Paul had when they asked him what's the greatest miracle you ever seen in your daddy's ministry. He said the greatest miracle is you couldn't tell his friends from his enemies. I'm sure we could have oh my this one on the platform and that there was how many I mean there's so many I mean it didn't matter there was so many great miracles and things but to think because look within that this is where you and I have confidence if we we're looking at the same quality of life cuz that was not brother Brandham's DNA that did that was the Holy Spirit that produced that in his life and don't think for a moment that it did not have to override his own humanity. &gt;&gt; Let me remind you, he said regarding those hornets, he said, "I had a can of hornet spray in the building." &gt;&gt; He already used that before. Let me remind you where he said, "I would not have walked through that pasture if I'd had known that bull was there." Let me also remind you that he said he sized up that maniac when he stood there on the platform. &gt;&gt; You say, "Brother Samuel, why are you saying that? I'm showing that there's something greater than humanity. Our humanity. There must be something on the inside that is so far greater and able to override our humanity. Friends, that's what we must have with all of our hearts. &gt;&gt; God, I want more. I want more of that. I want him to take over more of me that it overrides this humanity. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Look at this. It is not conceited. It's not arrogant, inflated with pride. It's not rude, unmannerly, and does not act unbecomingly. Love, God's love in us does not insist, oh Lord, on its own rights or its own way. It's kind of like the marbles. Always heard that story. If you don't play marbles my way, I'm taking mine and leaving. &gt;&gt; Love of God won't do that. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? Or the same you're putting it up. Listen, if if if the love of God can't produce this, why are we here for? &gt;&gt; If then there's got to be a confidence of a reality that God is able to produce this within our life, that there's something deeper and bigger than self. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. I'm so glad for that reality. Aren't you? &gt;&gt; Love, God's love, does not insist on its own rights or its own way. For it's not selfseeking. &gt;&gt; It's not touchy. Lord have mercy. Or fretful or resentful. It takes no account of the evil done to it. In other words, it pays no attention to a suffered wrong. Brother Samuel, how in the world can that be? By the love of God. You see this is where our confidence it must be in him that he is in you and you are in him and then this is where you rest. This is your place of resource. It's not to go out on the Facebook and get around with family and everything else and oh Mike, can you believe this and can believe this? Let me ask you something. The last time you got with your family and ran your b your boss down, how what what kind of atmosphere did that create in the home? I'm asking you, what kind of atmosphere? What kind of atmosphere did it create around your life? &gt;&gt; But there's an atmosphere that could gets created by the words that we speak, the things that we think upon. But if we can, you say, "Brother Samuel, we're still in humanity." I get it. We are in humanity, but God is leading us to a place to be able to see there's something so much greater and deeper, and we have a resource to be able to tap into. And if you don't have that resource in your soul, it is available. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. This is not this is not five steps. Don't don't take it like that. This is not five steps to be a better you. You know you know to be you know a lovely grump. And that's not what this is. Notice in verse six, it does not rejoice &gt;&gt; at injustice and unrighteousness. I always knew. I always knew. I love that second that that you know rear view mirror discern. I always knew. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But rejoices when right and truth prevail. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Verse seven. Love bears up under anything and everything that comes and is ever ready to believe the best of every person. You know how we're able to give people passes? &gt;&gt; Because you've you've received the pass. &gt;&gt; Used to be a thing that I would, you know, give out in school. They call homework passes. Most of y'all probably remember you had a teacher that did that. They'd cut them things up and you know, you you try to save it and sometimes they would have those certain assignments. Man, you wanted to you were saving that homework pass and they let you know that that won't work on this assignment. &gt;&gt; You you you were hoping that it would work. you know that that that pass that you would have, you know, it might be a piece of paper or they would block out whatever missing assignment that would take place. But, you know, let me just say this to you. The only way that we're actually able to be able to hand out passes to people is to have received the pass ourselves. &gt;&gt; And then, listen to me now where I'm going. And then to stay in the presence of him. Right. &gt;&gt; And as the more that we stay in his presence, the more passes you have in your pocket. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah, we need to give. We have to give one another passes. Oh, brother Samuel, I know what so and so meant. I know. Well, let me just say it like this. What if they did mean that? &gt;&gt; What if they did? Is that justification for our behavior or our action? No, &gt;&gt; not at all. How is quiet? Glory be to God. And sometimes if we're not careful, we're trying to justify. Yes, we've got rights, but remember as a lamb, we want to forfeit our rights. See, that that takes listen, that's where it takes staying in in in fellowship with God. And verse as we stay in fellowship with God, that's where our hearts are tender. That's where our hearts and we're able to give a pass and, you know, to give the benefit of the doubt upon different things. I mean, you know, there's there's many examples that not only from here in the assembly, but from other places that you think that as a pastor, you think even as a minister, you think there's not been things where you don't have to give passes. I'm not saying this to put my pat myself on the back. I'm trying to tell you that there's got to be something deeper that has to be able to give somebody a pass. Even when you can see the indifference, even when you can see how things have been happening and what's been done and to give that pass. Well, maybe there's something going on in their life. Maybe there's something that, you know, that's happened. Maybe there's something that's back in there. Oh, brother Samuel, you're just you're giving them too much. I would rather be guilty of overstating and giving somebody a a chance and the benefit of the doubt and come to find out I was wrong than taking away that. Just as I told a minister one time, good friend, a brother called me up and when things were taking place with one minister and he was pulling away, he said, I said, "Somebody needs to expose that thing." I said, "Brother," I said, "Listen," I said, "you go to start, you go to start hammering out and calling out words on people." I said, "I'll tell you what'll happen. They'll circle the the wagon train around and those people will stay under that bondage a whole lot longer. But let God work it all out. Let God take care of it because these very things are coming to manifestation as they are. And even in other situations at times where you can give the benefit of the doubt, oh, I I would rather be guilty of that. God, if I'm going to be guilty of that, let let that be what I'm guilty of. Right? &gt;&gt; Because sometimes even when people have had so-called discernments, they've never come around and apologized or repented &gt;&gt; of the things that somehow that they have. Oh, this is what was and this is how things are and this is how things are. But you know, even within that, give the benefit of the doubt. &gt;&gt; But the love of God, it will bring real results. How many say amen to that? &gt;&gt; It'll bring real results. Brother Ram talks about with the with with that of even of uh you know the bull and all those things. And he says knowing this that how it brings real results. He says now at the judgment bar you'll see it brought to light. The bull looked at me a few minutes turned around walked over and laid down and I stood there the tears running down my cheeks. I walked within five foot of the bull and he never even turned his head and looked at me. Why? Instead of hating him I loved him. &gt;&gt; Love will conquer anything. That's what conquered my heart. When I know that God so loved me that he gave his only begotten son that I wouldn't have to perish. Knowed that I was born in this world a sinner and was perishing. And God loved me that he gave his son for my life to be redeemed. And then I couldn't hate no more. I had to love. That's what brings these results that you see. It's love. Right. &gt;&gt; I want you to think of that for a minute. I couldn't hate no more. &gt;&gt; Now to understand hatred is a detest, a despising. Now filelio times where people get confused with agape and filelio. Felio with even in that time we should have that of brotherly love. But you know God does not did not require every one of us that we're going to be best buddies. &gt;&gt; That doesn't mean that we run away from one another. God has so set everything together and God has so placed it in such a way to where our lives will rub one another. You know why? That's to get all the greenness out of us. As a matter of fact, even when we look at it even in our homes and the way God would so bring those things together, God works in such a complimentary way to do things. Such a such a such a complimentary way. But notice, brother Brandon, I was just really drawn to this part. I couldn't hate no more. You think the enemy didn't try to arise things within him? You think the enemy didn't try to come at him with times with things, but there was a hidden power. Remember, there can be holds. Brother Bill Brown would talk about that how wrestlers will come in and they'll get a hold. But there's got to be a hidden power that's able to break that hold. Now, notice he goes on to say this when we're looking at the very the love of God. And he tells us it was the love of God that slew that maniac there in Oregon. He said it was the love of God that slew that of that bull. That's the exact words that he uses within it. And he goes on, he says, "Men and women, hear me today as your brother. Let all your little isms and your little sensations drop and find the love of God. I'd rather have his love than every gift he's got in his kingdom. Give me his love." That's what the world is looking for today is to see a display of real love. It'll win souls when you got love. They can tell it when you got love. He said, "We got too much makebelieve love. We got too much love, aial love, trying to make it ag. We need real godly love." I remember the story brother Ram tells over and over about Bert. Right. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram said he was a perfect guide, perfect hunter. Remember? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Now, I want to ask you, Bert knew Brother Brandham very well. He knew the gift was in Brother Bram's life. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; But it wasn't the gift in Brother Bram's life that changed Bert. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; As a matter of fact, he would tell him he was a chicken-hearted preacher. &gt;&gt; You know, over and over, Brother Brand would relate that. It wasn't a gift that got his attention. But when he seen a real genuine display &gt;&gt; of love and it was love of an attribute of mother that lay within that deer, that dough &gt;&gt; to where when Bert he would he had that call that he made that would make that call of a fawn in distress that what what had awakened within that mother was that attribute that was already in her. And brother Ram goes through and dramatizes that and and tells that. And you know, I watched it one time back here in the woods where there was a situation. The dough already had picked us out. Brother Bobby and I were hunting hunting right over here. Actually was on Gus's property. We had permission there. And they were coming right into a clearing. It's very much like when he tells right here where that mama do, she already picked Brother Bobby and she picked myself out in the stand already, but her little one was right out there walking in the open &gt;&gt; and she was trying to get it, coax it to come back out of that situation. And brother Brandon takes that that what happened with Bert is Bert, he said, "Oh, he put that gun up and he was ready to let it go and blow her heart right wide open." He said, "But oh, I seen that gun beginning to move left to right." What was it that got a hold of Bert's heart? A real display of love. Let me tell you, friends, God's not asking you and I that we know so many Bible verses, know so many quotes, and are you the most gifted person in the world, but what the family is looking for is a real display of the divine love of almighty God. a humility, a love because that is supernatural and it is greater and able and capable to overthrow &gt;&gt; all things. &gt;&gt; I thank God. &gt;&gt; I thank God for that. &gt;&gt; Let me close here. Let me share with you here a couple quotes. Remember, Brother Bram's telling us the difference between agape love and felio love. And he'll he'll take quite a quite a time on that because he sees where there's such a confusion within that. And he's talking about how that felio love itself of what you would have for your wife and you know you'd be jealous over and if you catch a man insulting her, you'd kill the man for it. That's felio love. Watch. He says, "But agapea love would make you pray for his lost soul." Now, I want you to catch these words in here. Agape love would make you. So, there could be desires that are going the opposite way. You're telling me that if a man spoke against your wife that you wouldn't get offended? We got quiet. You're telling me if they spoke against your children, you wouldn't get offended. Come on. We're human. &gt;&gt; But with agape love down on the inside, it will make you Why? Because agape love has already overrode felio love. Because see, felio love can only go so far. It it can never bring a victorious life. That's right. But agape love is where that's the seal of the Holy Spirit. It's the love of God that's shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Spirit. And the agape love will make you in other words when you could be set in your place to be able to give them a piece of your mind. Oh, maybe you won't give them a piece of your piece of your mind right there, but you'll just maybe the kind that'll steal away and stew about it. Same thing. Same thing. But agape love when that's in your heart, it will prevail. It will not permit that atmosphere to remain in your life. You can never get away from it. It will bring conviction to your life and work out itself in the humility for which it is. Right. &gt;&gt; Oh, he says that's where people don't understand. It ain't some kind of an effectual worked up mental condition. It's an absolutely genuine Holy Spirit of God that binds our hearts together in Christian fellowship. He says in another place, he says, "Agapa love will make you get down and pray for that man's lost soul. That is ag love. That's the kind of love the church needs. That's what we all need is that kind of love. I'd rather have that experience of love than have all the gifts that God's got in heaven. For you can have every gift that God's got and still be lost. &gt;&gt; He said, "How many knows that it's love, the love of God?" And then he quotes the first part of Corinthians 13. I don't know about you, but when I look at that and the spirit of God just bringing my attention into that part of it right there, because every time when you we come through this, the spirit of God pouring over our hearts, listen, if somehow or another was setting under the ministry of the word, whether it's preaching on divine love, divine love is still always the theme, &gt;&gt; right? And if there's things within it that's not challenging our lives to move deeper and deeper in the love of God, then we have to be able to stop and say, "What is it?" Or how are we actually hearing the things that's being said? It should be something that's drawing us into a place to Lord, I want to love you more. You can't love me anymore, but I want to love you more. Lord, I I you know in my life to realize this is to me would have a confidence that if there was something that I had if there was an offense or a grudge or bitterness or something I had in my life that I might be able to say I've got a right to have this. I would have such confidence when reading this statement to know that God if that's what's in my soul it will lead me to that. You see what I'm talking about? A confidence to where where the enemy is not on your shoulder and beating you down. Oh, you've had this feeling or this thought or this thought came in or this and you entertain this and you entertain that. But I would receive that confidence that your soul would reach out and take a hold of that word. What is that? That is the love of God from on the inside. Agape love will make you Oh, I'm so glad about that. &gt;&gt; You know what that comes down to? It ain't something you can work up. It don't matter what what we could have the key of G going. We could have everything going. My We could have everybody running. We could have all that. You can't work this up. &gt;&gt; It's sovereignly given. &gt;&gt; And it must come from within. As a matter of fact, Brother Brandham said it like this. And when you could trace this right back into the message, brother Ram talks about that maniac that was there. He talks about the bull. Goes through all those same examples. And another thing that he mentions within it, he says, "I chose to think different thoughts &gt;&gt; about that man. &gt;&gt; Lord, this is a human being, &gt;&gt; Lord. He's a husband. He's a daddy. He's got a family." Now, who who did that for him? Did Did the Holy Ghost do that for him? Did the spirit of God just come right down and and put William Brham into a, you know, into a submission hold? And &gt;&gt; but it was that life within. He began to &gt;&gt; make that choice. God began his presence moving and he made that choice. I'm glad we that that shows where you and I even in our lives. I I hope you're gathering it tonight. It shows that that it's not something that this love is going to be something that generates from out here, but it's got to be something down on the inside. It's got to be something that takes control within our lives. something that will override our own humanity. &gt;&gt; Nothing like the love of God. No wonder Jude would write and speak of it in this manner and say, "Beloved, build yourselves up on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Keep yourselves in the love of God. looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; When I read that there keep yourselves in the love of God. How? So it mean you mean there's just things within our life that it's now a stewardship and a responsibility of staying within the love of God even when when that brother Samuel has come into the depths of my soul. It's where you stay close to the strength of your life. Right? keeping yourselves being very attentive within that. You know, brother Random talks about the group that was gathered out there in Arizona and he talks about how that many of them were just kind of, you know, riding around their bicycles on Sunday and different things and how he had been praying that God would start a work right there. And he begins to make known to him in the message ashamed. He said, you know what happens? He said, "When you stay out of the presence of God," he said, "you're not in God's presence like you need to be." He said, "You become like these cactus." That's right. &gt;&gt; All prickly. &gt;&gt; You know what that tells me? That getting in God's presence, yes. Do we need to read the word of God? We do. Do we need to get Do we need to pray? We do. That's that's part of it. But we need to do it so that it's more than just a routine. It must be, listen to me very carefully, getting into the word of God and even praying cannot replace giving God the right away in our lives. &gt;&gt; It might seem kind of odd to you, but you can't replace of letting God come down and and clean out all the channels of our life to where that when we come within it that we're praying. This is why when brother Ram says when we in prayer can really get before the throne of God, he said that person that maybe has done you wrong, he said when you've get before the throne of God, he said then you'll begin to put yourself in that person's shoes. And he says you'll begin to say, Lord, my brother didn't mean that. My sister didn't mean that. He said what you'll find is when you get there is your attitude will change. He says and you will come back down thinking that way. You know what that shows friends that many of the times we've prayed on our knees but we've never really got before the throne of God. Because prayer is not about how much time. &gt;&gt; It's actually submitting our lives to the Lord. It's not. Brother Ram tells us, he said, "Prayer is not alltogether bringing man down to God, but it's bringing man up to where God is." &gt;&gt; That's what real prayer is. And you know why many of the things, listen, you know how many of the things a lot of times we'll we'll go on, you know, the greatest the greatest resources we have as as believer, these things even that we're ministering on with divine love, you know, one of the greatest resources we have &gt;&gt; is prayer. is prayer. Lord, I want to lay aside all the formalities. Lord God, work in me. Not not taking somebody else, not complaining, not not doing this, not doing, but Lord, in me. Start right here. &gt;&gt; Start right here, Lord. Start right here. Amen. It's easy. We can look at, you know, we can look and see one another's faults and this and that. But sometimes God, you know, God allows things to be shown or we see things to watch what kind of attitude we're going to take towards it because the attitude itself matters. &gt;&gt; But getting in his presence and really praying, I know I'm not going to ask you to raise your hand, but I know we've all been there. been in prayer and all of a sudden you come out of prayer, man, maybe you're hit or blindsided with something and you're in prayer and you what you're in prayer with is Lord, I don't want this in my heart. I don't want this in my life. I don't want this feeling. I don't want this, Lord. I Anybody know what I'm talking about? &gt;&gt; Greatest thing that we can do is be able to just just pour our hearts out before him. Lord, let this be a resolve. Maybe it's maybe it's about a co-orker. Maybe it's a boss. Maybe it's something. Maybe it's somebody in the church. Maybe it's somebody. But you know, friends, listen. No matter where it is or where it might be, let me just tell you something. Satan will not let that stay in just one confined area of your life, if it's an issue that's unresolved at work, it'll follow right into your home and follow right right into the church. This is where that prayer and just really submitting ourselves to the Lord. God, Lord, help me. Give me the grace I need. &gt;&gt; You got that confidence. Lord, I've got confidence in the life of what you've done in my life. Lord, let that is that quote that brother Samuel read today, agape love would make you. That that's my desire. Lord, &gt;&gt; let your love step to the bow of this ship. Lord, &gt;&gt; let the love of God because we all have things, friends, that we could go down through May, maybe disappointments and everything else, but let let me just say this. We are going to need God's grace. &gt;&gt; And I want to remind you, one of the greatest things that God has called us to do is to be a channel like we begin to speak on on Sunday, an outlet of faith. And one of the greatest things within Mark 11 that was placed there is when we pray, "Father, forgive me of my trespasses even as &gt;&gt; I also forgive others." &gt;&gt; See, whatever whatever the forgiveness that you measure out, if it's this small, that's how much you get. Oh, but we're talking about a great big God. But see, God, you see what it is? God has placed that limitations or based on where we in our lives would actually open up to him. If we only want if it's only just going to be a measure, then it's just a small measure of forgiveness. But I don't know about you, but I don't just want it. I need it. &gt;&gt; I need it. Because actually without that forgiveness reigning in our heart the way that it should be, we can't have the faith that we need to have. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; Oh, sure. It may have faith to work miracles, faith to heal, faith to do this, faith to maybe even to go in and expound the word, and what are more, but I'm not talking I'm talking about a rapturing faith. &gt;&gt; That faith that Paul re writes of in 1 Corinthians 13 is not a rapturing faith. It's not a perfect faith. But I'm talking about a faith that no matter the conditions, no matter even if God says no, a faith that will stand there and say, "I don't understand, but I love you anyhow, Lord." &gt;&gt; That's the kind of faith, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, &gt;&gt; that he's coming back for. Hallelujah. Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many say, "Lord, I want more." &gt;&gt; I want more. Lord, I want to sink in. Paul would rely, Paul would relate it to us many of the times is sinking in. Put on is sinking more into this garment. You might say, "Brother Samuel, I I need more to let's let let aside this. Maybe there's things of the world, but just sink more into his love." Just say, "Lord, let more of the love of God just take over my life." Whatever your need is right here tonight, how many believe that God is just as much God on Thursday night as he is on Sunday? &gt;&gt; He's just as much God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Heavenly Father, &gt;&gt; Lord, you see, Father, the needs, Lord. You see our hearts. You see our lives, Lord. What a comfort, Lord, as we look over this in your word. Oh, it's it challenges us, Lord. I I've said this to him, Lord, over the years. every time that I've found myself Lord to minister Lord not just minister upon these things but you know even in my own heart Lord Lord God within my heart I'll reflect I want to I want to reflect Lord not just upon what's said but the character &gt;&gt; spirit I want to reflect upon these things Lord sometimes Lord you know just pouring over my mind and my heart time and time again. I don't believe Lord that that would just be me. I know in the capacity as a pastor, as a minister, but I believe God that that's something that lays in our hearts as believers. Lord, we find that the more that as we're really in your presence, I want to ask you, Lord, forgive us for when we've allowed cares of this life. Maybe it's just been like a compounding of things that's happened. Maybe Lord just feeling like they're just all surrounded and seems like arrows are being shot from everywhere. But I pray father in the midst of this moment may Lord God as your children realize we have a source a place where we can go to Lord. We have Lord a fountain that's open and available to us Lord. Oh God the love of God. How rich and pure Lord from the very resource of your own life. Lord it's your love that conquered our lives. It overthrew that ownership that we were under. And Lord God, our lives are not under a governance of fear and laws, having to do this and can't do this and can do this and can't do that. No, as a matter of fact, like your prophet would lay it out, Lord, all the way through. He said, "What kind of home would that be if it was under fear?" But he said, "Even if I knew that I could go out, I could smoke, I could drink, I could run around and come back and he'd forgive me," he said, "I wouldn't want to do it because I don't want to displease him." That's what it is, Lord. We don't want to displease you. Forgive us Lord when maybe Lord there's a thought that we've entertained something Lord has come our way because Lord as your prophet would give those three examples he would give things over and over Lord my examples where men would ride him and my they would rake him up one side and down the other and he wrote back the dean of that Lutheran college he said brother I'm sure you didn't mean to say that to me. While you've been preaching this gospel a lot longer than I have, been alive a whole lot longer. Lord, it's such grace that to me, Lord, when I I see that I don't look, it's not the aspiring, Lord, to be [Music] William Brandham. But Lord, this message has brought you in full view. It brought you to a place to where, Lord, we can see you and see you for who you really are. and to realize in our own lives that Lord, you've not called us into that position. It was not that position that gave that to brother Brandham. It was not the gift in his life that made that in his life. It was not because he was the prophet of the age that did that. Because if that was so, we would have an excuse. But that was because of that creative power of the Holy Spirit, the deity of God down on the inside. [Music] Oh God, there's hope for all of us, Lord. that Father, that same grace, that same love to prevail through each of our lives. Maybe right here tonight, Lord, as a husband, maybe a wife, maybe a father, mother, grandparent, brother, sister, but here tonight, Lord, hearts that would just ask you, Lord, let your love prevail in my life. Lord, let your love override, Lord God. It all begins with recognizing your word to be the truth. Lord, let that agape rise, oh God. Lord God, that will bring forth that reaction in our lives. It will lead us, Lord, into that place, declaring your victory, Lord, through our lives. I think of it, Lord. [Music] I know many different times and ways we would look at how victory would somehow look. Would victory be where that we are able to outsmart somebody, out quote them? Is that what victory really is? Or would victory be that atmosphere that would rise from within and take a hold that even when things would be said that would try to draw us out like it tried to like Moses was drawn out and we would set there Lord maybe at times a scripture not even coming to our mind but that's your protection, but to be able, Lord God, to submit ourselves to you in that time. I find that example when you came to this earth, they pressed upon you veheminently, the Bible said, with questions. They were trying to get you to say certain things. They would press upon you to answer certain things. And I find in the scriptures where you would slip away, not arrogantly, sometimes even declaring it was not even the time. Other times there would be an answer. It wasn't that the answer wasn't there. But I wonder, Lord, sometimes what is real victory? [Music] Lord God, I can't help but believe the greatest victory is what you've done in our lives and being able by the grace of God to bring this outer man in subjection. when this outer man can feel maybe embarrassment, but the love of God could reach right down and take a hold in our lives, being able to stand there, Lord, and just hold our peace. Oh God, oh Jesus, how much different it is, Lord, I'm sure, than what we we think. Help us. You said in your word to sanctify in our hearts always. Let everything be cleared out. Let there be nothing that would be unlike you. Let our lives be channels that we might be always ready to give an answer. Lord, I don't want to give an answer where malice is the motive. I don't want to give an answer if the motive is not love. Close my mouth. Take it from my mind. Grant it, Lord. And let the love of God prevail, Lord. Grant it, Lord. I pray, Father, in this gathering, Lord, this body of believers. Grant it, Lord. We're asking you, Lord. Let it be Lord God the great agape love just overriding override Lord that felio love override Lord lead us Lord as a lamb was led to the slaughter lead us Lord to die to ourselves lead us Lord I pray grant it Lord grant it father for every need Lord for every life, every heart. Grant it Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Yes, Lord. Go ahead and lead us. Oh, we have had enough of getting everything we want. We are weary of living this life just for us. [Music] Oh, forgive us all for seeking your hand and not your face. But come and empty us. Father, we are desperate in this flame. &gt;&gt; Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desires. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hold us close to you. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Holy Spirit, you give us revelation, [Music] your healing, visitation, and nothing else will do. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, Lord. cuz we want more and more and more and more of you. For you have given us much more than we deserve. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Lord, you deliver us by the power of your word. Oh, so God, we lift you up, giving you the honor that is yours. We want to thank you for your love. This is what we're living for. Oh, Holy Spirit, fill us with your life. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Give us your desires. Hold us close to you. Yes, Lord. Oh, Holy Spirit will give us visitation. Your healing visitation. Nothing else to do. Oh, we are more and more, more and more. And all the love that covers us. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, the Savior's mercy. And all the blood that makes us for. Oh, the love that covers us. And on the Savior, his mercy and all the love that makes us smile. Once again, all the love God. All the love that covers us. And oh mercy, oh God, makes us smile. Holy Spirit, fill us with your fire. Give us your desire. Hold us close to you. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, Holy Spirit, &gt;&gt; yes Lord, give us revelation. Oh, healing visitation who nothing else will do. Cuz we want more and more and more and more of you. You granted Lord, we want more and more and more and more of you. Can you sing that? for the overwhelming overflowing love of God. The overwhelming love of God. Yeah. The precious love. Yeah. Sing of course. &gt;&gt; And all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. And oh it chases me down. I swear I found peace the 99. I could deserve it. I don't deserve it. Still you gave yourself away. And all the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh, before I spoke a word, you were singing over me. &gt;&gt; Amen. For you have been so so good to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, before I took a breath, you breathe your life in me. Oh, for you have been so so kind to me. Oh, the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Oh my. Oh, it chases me down. But still I found the night. Oh, I don't deserve it and I don't deserve it. You give yourself away and all the overwhelming the neverending precious of God. Oh, when I was your f still your love for me. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; For you have been so so good to me. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's right. &gt;&gt; Oh, when I felt no good. That's right. You paid it all for me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, you have been so so kind to me. Oh, for all the overwhelming, neverending, precious love of God. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, it chases me down. I still I found this the night. Oh, I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it, but still you gave yourself away and all the overwhelming, the neverending precious love of God. &gt;&gt; The sun will shine. We won't light up. No mountain. You won't climb up. Coming after me. Oh my. There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. One more time. No, there's no shadow you won't light up. A mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. Hallelujah. Oh, there's no wall you won't kick down. The lie you won't tear down. Come after me. And all the overwhelming, neverending, precious love, God. And oh, it chases me now. But still, I found peace and mighty now. Oh, I don't deserve it and I don't deserve it. But still, you gave yourself away and all the overwhelming the neverending precious. Oh, I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming, never failing, precious love of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that? Give me that verse up there where it says no wall, no shadow you won't light up, mountain you won't climb up coming after me. You know, I'm glad that not only did he do that to get to us, but I'm glad that same love is in us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it won't be no shadow that he'll lie and won't light up. See, now it's within us. &gt;&gt; There's no mountain, no obstacle. Who art thou great mountain? There's no mountain &gt;&gt; that he won't climb up. But God love, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; will make us come after me. No wall, no lie, he won't tear down. Coming after me. Hallelujah. Can we sing that again? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. No shadow. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thankful that there's no shadow you won't light up. No mountain. You won't climb up. Hallelujah. After me. Yes, Lord. Oh, there's no wall you won't kick down. A lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. No shadow. Oh, there's no shadow you won't lie. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'll take you on coming after me. Oh, there's no wall you won't kick down, but I you won't tear down. Coming after me. and all the overwhelming. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Precious love of God. &gt;&gt; Precious love. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, it chases me down. Fights till I'm found. Please the 99. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Till you give yourself away and all the overwhelming the neverending precious love of God. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Maybe we can sing this as we're being dismissed. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with your love. &gt;&gt; Oh, as I walk with a heavenly love. Oh, let me go a while with a song and a smile. Oh, fill my way every day with love. &gt;&gt; Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, has I walk with a heavenly D. Oh, let me go a while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. Every day with your love. Oh, let me walk the vessel, Lord. Yes, Lord. Thou has gone. Straight to that realm that's above. Giving shield everywhere to the sad and the Lord. Fill my way every day with love. Oh Jesus. Fill my way every day with your love. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly d. Yes, Lord. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my Savior and God. Let me never let me in darkness. Oh yes, Lord. Lord, keep my path free from wrath and my soul. The satisfy my way every day with your love. Hallelujah. Fill my way every day with your love. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly d. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Oh, fill my way every day with your love. I'll soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more. abide. That's my home above. Oh, let me sing my blessed king all that way to the heavenly shore. Fill my way every day with your love. Oh, fill my way every day with your love. as I walk with that heavenly dove. Yes, Lord. Let me go on a while with a song and a smile. Fill my way. Sing it one more time. Fulfill my way every day with your love as I walk with that heavenly d. Oh, let me go. Go all the while with a song and a smile. Build my way every day with Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Granted, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. You appreciate the word tonight. Amen. Amen. Man, how many wants to walk here just with the love of God? Amen. Let's continue to share that with one another. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Your Smiths. Amen. If you still want to worship, still more free to do that, too. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that just one more time. Fill my way every day with your love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly d. Oh, let me go. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with your love. Well, soon the race is going to be over. And I'll travel no more, but abide up in my home above. Oh, let me sing my blessed king. All that way to the heavenly shore. Fill my way, Lord, every day with your love. Oh, well, fill my way every day with your love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly d. Oh, let me go all the while with a song. A song and a smile. Fill my way. Oh, fill my way. Oh, fill my way every day with your love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly dove. will let me go. Oh, fill my way every day with your love. [Music] Will all the
