################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Testimony of Michael Cano - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   Testimony of Michael Cano
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZYlEwipwMU
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
38:59 - Ministry
1:07:40 Bro. Cano's Testimony
2:41:45 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] power in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free that made my heart his victory thr. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live to praise his name. It's who I am, Lord. It's who I am. Hallelujah. I can see now just who I am. I'm a part of my Savior. Hallelujah. I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's predestination [Applause] of who I am on Calary. He died to redeem Jesus Christ. The King of Kings. Oh, hallelujah. became my savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me. Hallelujah. That Christ and I might be made one. Oh, it's who I am, Lord. It's who I am. Oh, I can see now, oh Lord, who I am. I'm a part of my Savior. I'm a part of his word. Yes, sir. It's a revelation. Yeah, it's predestination. Thank God it's who I am in the end. Oh, it's who I am, Lord. Yes, it's who I am. Oh, I can't see now. Just who I am. I'm a part of my Savior. I'm a part of his word. Oh, it's a revelation. It's predestination of who I am. Amen. You see it this morning. Hallelujah. How many's glad God's giving us a little greater glimpse every day into who we are? Hallelujah. Amen. Fills our hearts with joy. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. If you all stand with me. Amen. We'll go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. Brother Dave, would you come over and serve us prayer, brother? Thank you. Uh so we have a few prayer requests here today. We got a special we have a special speaker this morning. So we're looking forward to all that God has for us today. How many's already you can begin thanking God already for what he's going to do for you today. Have an expectation. You got a meeting with God today. Brother Bill Sanchez says please pray for the families and the children. Everyone saw what happened in Texas with the flooding and everything. Uh many people lost their lives. Let's just pray for the the children that died in the flood and the families and there's people that are still missing. Let's just pray that God's mercy God help them down there. God make his mercy known to them in this time. Sister Stephanie says, "Please pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord. Also pray for my family for their salvation." God bless you. Amen. Hold that before the Lord. Sister Naomi says, "Please continue." Let's remember uh Brother Marco in prayer. He's getting stronger. God is so faithful. I think they've said they're ordering rest for him now. It's just Randa there. Oh, Brother Samuel has report. So, we'll get an update when Brother Samuel comes out. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, uh please pray. Sister Gomez says, "Please pray for Linda Devilla, the Lord's will for her and for salvation of our unsaved loved ones." Amen. Uh please pray for Brother Benjamin. Uh he's uh pray for safe travels for him. He's traveling back home uh this evening. I believe he's flying in. So, he's flying in today, right? Flying in. So, we'll pray that God have mercy and watch over him. And an unspoken prayer request here. The Lord knows what it is. Anybody else have an unspoken prayer request on your heart? Amen. Let's pray for this one. And uh uh pray for one another. Amen. How many would like to have a meeting with Jesus today? Amen. I I don't think anybody would say no to that, but uh let's make sure that's first on our heart. Amen. Brother David, you come over with prayer, brother. Amen. [Music] Let's just go before him in prayer. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just we just love you, Lord. We just Lord, want to take another moment, Lord, here just to say that we love you, Lord. And we just we thank you, Lord, for all you're doing in our lives, Lord. and just Lord for this service this morning Lord and just Lord just pray Lord for brother Michael Lord as you would Lord come and bring his testimony this morning Lord and Lord we all know it's it's his testimony Lord but it's really Lord the testimony of Lord your faithfulness Lord and what you've done Lord and we can all witness and testify to that Lord about it's what you've done in our lives Lord and we just we just look forward Lord to hear what you would have for us today Lord and just once again, Lord, how you've been faithful and true, Lord, and just will continue to do so, Lord. And we just we love you, Lord. We pray for these, Lord, just prayer requests. We thank you, Lord, for a report, Lord, just coming in with um Lord, Brother Marco, Lord. And just pray you just continue, Lord, your hand on that situation, Lord. We just we just thank you, Lord, for what you've done so far, Lord. But we just, Lord, pray you just continue, Lord, to do a work, Lord, on his body, Lord, and on his soul, Lord. We just bring these other requests Lord before you Lord just knowing Lord just Lord just Lord your nail scarred hands Lord has just paid for it all Lord and it's already Lord a finished work Lord it's just things we have to Lord believe Lord and receive Lord so we just we just look to you Lord for each and every prayer request Lord and just for the remainder of this service Lord just pray Lord you would be praised and you would be glorified Lord we just Lord commit this service Lord into your hands hands, Lord, the song service, Lord, and the and the worship service, Lord, and just maybe we just draw you close, Lord, with our worship, Lord. Pray for the tithes and offerings, Lord, and just, Lord, maybe the ones that couldn't be here, Lord, maybe traveling or something. Just pray you'd be with them, too, Lord. And just we love you, Lord. We just thank you, Lord, for this time, Lord. And we just ask these things in your blessed name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Church says, "Amen. Praise God. God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. He is the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. The son of God, the king of kings, Lord of all. He is everything. Messiah Jehovah, prince of pieces, son of man, seed of Abraham. He's dwelling now in me. He is the alpha and omega. He's the beginning and the end. Son of God, the king of kings. Yes, Lord of all. He's hallelujah. Messiah Jehovah, prince of peacees. He is the son of man, seed of Abraham. Well, hey, let's worship a little bit now. He is the alpha and omega. He's the beginning and the end. is the son of God, the king of kings, lord of all, everything. Messiah, Jehovah, or the prince of peace, son of man, seed of Abraham, dwelling now in me. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Oh hail king Jesus. [Music] Oh hell I manuel [Music] the king of kings. Lord of lords. Hallelujah. A bright morning star. Oh hallelujah. Yes. And throughout all eternity. Yeah. Yes, we will. Hallelujah. We're going to praise him forever more. Yes, I will reign with thee. Oh, let's sing it again now. Let heaven ring this morning. Oh, hell king. Jesus is all hell. He will for He's the king. Hallelujah. And a Lord of lords. He's my bride lord. star [Applause] and throughout eternity. Right now I'm going to praise him [Music] and forever more. Oh, I will reign with him and throughout all eternity. Oh, hallelujah. I'm going to praise him. and forever for more his eyes will reign with him. It will be worth it all. When we see Jesus, [Music] life trials will seem so small. When we see Christ, bless his name. One glimpse of his dear face. [Music] All sorrows will be raised. Help us Lord. Let us pray. We arrive the rain. Hallelujah. Till we sing. Can we sing it again? It's going to be worth it all, saints. Oh, it will be worth it all. Oh yes, Lord. When we see Jesus, [Music] life's trials, they're going to seem so small. When we see Christ, [Music] eyes, one glimpse of his dear face. All sorrows will erase. [Music] So let's bravely rock the race till we see. Let's bravely run our race till we see Christ. Amen. How many trusting in the Lord? You go to see him. Hallelujah. [Applause] You didn't have to open my eyes. You could have easily passed me by. Cause this age I'm living in. It's wretched, poor, and blind. But then I heard recognizing your day. Serpent seed and perfect faith. The preach the message of grace. Lord I thank thee. And I just want to thank you Lord for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve the glories revealed? Oh yes, Lord. Amen. Thank you for that special night when I saw your glorious light. They face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. Oh, not even in my wildest dreams did I think I'd see such things as the coming of the Lord. The rapture mystery I have heard, but now I see God in simplicity. The spoken word is the original seed. Lord, I thank thee. Well, and I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve? Such glories revealed in me. Thank you for that special night. When I saw your glorious highest, I came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. I came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. [Music] He's here. Elijah's God is with us today. He's here to will and do whatever we say. Behold, the bride of Christ in full. He's here. Elijah's God is here. Oh, he's here. Elijah's God. He's here to [Music] say behold the bride of Christ in glor is here God is here. Hey, let's sing about ourselves now. Well, she walks in with her very power behold. [Applause] She's united with his face. He's here. Oh, God is here. Oh, yes. He's here. Elijah's God. He's with us today. He's here to do whatever [Music] you might. [Applause] I can say amen to that. Amen. Good to see everybody. Miss and love you all. This [Music] song has been uh really speaking to me just with everything going on and um just with Israel and the new pope and everything. So I just pray this is just a blessing. It's just I just feel like we're we're right there, you know, and just what brother Brandham saw, we're right there. And it just could be just be any moment. And the world's trying to figure things out, listening to different sounds, but I'm glad for a message. Amen. I'm not ashamed of believing in Brother Brandham, quoting Brother Brandham. That dumb spirit's going around. Whenever you hear a minister say, "Well, let's not quote the prophet anymore. You better just uh go ahead and run." Amen. I'm not ashamed of this message. Amen. That's that last song in there, Brianna. [Music] We hear about the wars, seeing famine in the land. There are questions in the children's eyes. Trouble in the east again. The whole world is shaking. There's no sure place to stand. And the mournful sounds are heard throughout the land. But I keep listening for a different sound. The sound of the city that John saw coming down. The sound of the bride being united with the groom. I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different sound. I remember the preacher saying, "Son, it'll come to pass. There will come a generation that will be the last. I can't believe I'm standing here singing the end of time and the preacher's voice echoing in my mind. Sing it with me. Oh, but I keep listening for a different sound. The sound of the city that John saw coming down. The sound of the bride and being united with the groom. I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different sound. I remember the preacher saying, "Son, it'll come to pass. There will come a generation that will be the last." I can't believe I'm standing here seeing the end of time and the preacher's voice echoing in my heart. Oh, but I keep listening for a different sound. The sound of the city that John saw coming down. The sound of the bride being united with the groom. I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different sound. Oh, I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different sound. [Applause] Praise God. Amen. How many's heard a sweeter sound this morning? Hallelujah. You know what he's talking about. He's singing that song. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. How many knows this world's falling apart? Amen. He sings a song like that. I makes me want to sing this one. Amen. Well, this world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives down in my heart. See, I'm carried away in this light of today. As the world gets so dismal and dark. Yes, there's troubles and trials outside. Something is stiring inside of the bride. And as the world gets so dark, all falls apart. I'm glad Jesus lives down in my heart. Well, while living below, everywhere that I go, this world's full of trouble and pain. Sure, there's murder and crime. This is the end time when the people are going insane. Oh, but I found a release. See, my heart is at peace since the word of the hour settled in. When troubles are told, my anger will hold to Jesus again and again. Oh, this world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives down in my heart. Yes, I'm carried away in this light of today. As the world gets so dismal and dark. Yes, there's troubles and trials outside. Something is Yes, sir. How many feel that stir? Hallelujah. As the world gets so dark and it all falls apart. I Jesus lives down in hallelujah. And they're praying for peace, for a hostage release while holding a gun in their hand. Oh my. Well, there's moral decay. There's a great falling away in the shape this world's in. It won't stand. Oh, let it crumble and fall. Not bothered at all. Cuz in the cliffs of the rock, I can hide. And when it all comes undone, I'm trusting in one who gives me peace down inside. Oh, this world is falling apart. I'm so glad Jesus lives down in my heart. Oh, I'm carried away in the light of the day as the world gets so dismal and dark. Oh yes, there's troubles and trials outside. Something is stir inside of the bride. Yes, sir. And as the world gets so dark and it all falls apart, glad Jesus lives down in my heart. And as the world gets so dark and it all falls apart. Hallelujah. I'm glad Jesus lives down in my heart. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Worship him. Hallelujah. He's worthy. Glory. Praise God. Thank you, brother Brian Flb special. Appreciate that. Good to see brother Brian Sis Mariah with us this morning. God bless him. Nice to have him visiting today like old times. Praise God. Amen. I want to sing this. This is a This is a old song. Oldie but a goodie. This is an old one. How many knows this? Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man is he? How many knows who you're serving this morning? Amen. Let's behold him. Amen. I heard this song. I just the words to it just really struck my heart. I may not do 100%. Help me sing it if you you brothers, sisters know it. Behold, what manner of man is this? Who steals the rag and see? Who heals the sick, the lame, the halt, makes the blind to see. He opens all the prison doors and sets the captive free. Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner? Help me see now. He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. He's the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful, the prince of peacees he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternal. Oh, let's give him some worship this morning. Behold, what manner of man is this who spake to the woman at the well. Everlasting life I give to thee, far richer than man can tell. And whosoever shall drink of the well shall live eternal. Woo. That's a behold. What manner of man is this? What manner of man? I said he's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. He's the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. Yes, his name is wonderful. Prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Behold, what manner of man is this who speaks to the lame and halt. He says, "Thy sins forgiven thee. Take up thy bed and walk." He stands as the mighty. Yes, sir. He cries, "Come unto me. Behold, what manner of man is this? What manner of man? Oh, hallelujah. He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. He's the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name is wonderful. Prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternal. Behold, what manner of man is this who stands between God and man? His eyes are as a flame of fire is in his hand. John saw him in the seven churches as a son in brilliancy. Behold, what manner of man this is? What manner? Sing it, church. He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. He's the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. His name it's wonderful. Prince of peace is he to him. All right, one more verse. Behold, what manner of man is this who sits on his heavenly throne. He rules and reigns from heaven above his beloved and his own. He's the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David. He behold what manner of man. This is what manner of. Well, he's the Lord. He is the great I am. He's the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. Yes, his name. It's wonderful. Oh, he's the everlasting father. One more time. He's the Lord of glory. He is the great I am. He's the alpha and omega. He's the beginning and the end. His name, wonderful prince of pieces. He He's the lasting father throughout eternity. His name it's wonderful. The prince of peace is he. He's the everlasting father throughout eternity. Hallelujah. Let's just sing this as brother Samuel comes. Well, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. My counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise him. I said he's wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is to me. Oh counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is here saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer praise. I was once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Cuz Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. And now the sins of my past, they've been all forgiven. And my name is inscribed on the book of heaven. He's wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. Said he's counselor. Prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me. Keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Well, living here with my Lord in a holy union. Oh, day by day all the way. Holy sweet. Oh, what change grace has brought in my station since my soul has received full every salvation. that he's wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's counselor. I don't need this. I don't need I don't need this for her. For her. Yeah. I'm on [Music] my praise his name. Hallelujah. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh Jesus got a hold of my life. He got it in my soul. [Music] For I used to be oh so sad. But now I'm feeling mighty glad. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Oh, sing it. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. [Music] Well, Jesus got a hold of my life. He got into my soul. Oh, I used to be your so sad, but now I'm feeling mighty glad. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. How many have that testimony? Amen. It was not us who found God. He wasn't lost. Amen. It was God who found us. We were the ones who were lost. Amen. We just um so thankful to be here this morning. I'm going to invite you to stand and we're going to go to the scriptures. I'm going to speak just a few moments before I have brother Michael and I introduce him to come on out. And um I want us to speak just a few few things here on our heart that would lead right into this of of the testimony. And um I just um I'm so thankful many um many times here over the past few years since I had met brother Michael um right in the stride of preaching um you know sometimes you know how it is you'll find me on certain paths and um things come to my mind and and much of brother Michael's testimony at different times and situations and things that I've been in the middle of ministering and I just pulled back and wouldn't share it uh because I thought, Lord, I don't want to take away from anything within this testimony at all because there's certain things that would so fit uh within there of of things we've been through and talked within the scriptures. But, you know, every one of us, you have a testimony. And if you don't have a testimony, God can God's the one to give you a testimony. That's right. And I want you to understand that the testimony itself in your life doesn't just begin when God um when finally there's a a full surrender. The testimony begins when you begin to surrender. God begins to turn your heart. God begins to take a hold of your life and your heart begins to yield to him. And so, um, uh, to me, how this has worked out, Brother Michael wasn't even supposed to be here, uh, in this time, had no idea. And all of a sudden, about a week before, I get a text, hey, Brother Samuel, I'm going to be I'm going to be working over here in Canton. That's where I'm stationed for right now. And I said, "Soon when you get here, I want you to give your testimony." And so I believe it'll be a great blessing to you. Amen. So let's turn into the scriptures. Ephesians chapter 2. And uh I want to read just a few verses of scripture. Thank you, musicians. And Amen. And In many ways, no doubt this is for Bible readers and working following in the message of the hour. You you come to realize the dearness of of the predestinated plan of Almighty God. And this is such a a tremendous passage of scripture as is all scripture. But to see this in in verse one, and you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins, where in time past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desire ires of the flesh and of the mind and were by nature the children of wrath even as others. So we were right there. We were right there but right among them going just doing exactly what the rest of the world and wherever that we were running. But I love this in verse four. But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace you are saved, and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, that in the ages to come, he might show the exceeding riches of his grace and his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. Amen. And the church said, "Amen." Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we certainly want to say thank you for this moment that we have Lord to come together. Lord, I certainly believe God it is a moment that Lord that just like in other times we come together. We believe it's not by accident or chance. We believe Lord that it is a pre-planned moment. So we ask that father that your anointing would just continue upon this service and just Lord speak I pray father through the testimony there of brother Michael Lord and may you Lord just so minister to our hearts Lord. You know every need Lord and you know just how to how to speak to us Lord. So we look to you Father in a very a very special way God. May your the blessings of God just move upon every heart in their life. May it be you, Father, that is set before us so clearly. We pray once again in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Amen. Good to have Sister Roseanne home from her delegation across the country. It's good to have brother Brian and Sister Gracie and the kids here with us. And so just good to be gathered together. And you know, I think within every one of us, we we are to have, as I mentioned before, a personal testimony. And I just um you begin to recognize that there's things that like brother Brandon would say it in this way in the God who is rich in mercy. He says, "Many of you can fellowship with me on this thought. When you was a little boy or a little girl, you would walk around and there would be certain things that would just where it wouldn't bother other kids. It just seemed like there was something in you that cried out. There was God somewhere, yet you were a sinner. And he said, "How many remember that?" Now, that's what that was. That was that little form of life in you then. And after a while, you heard the gospel. Maybe you went to church. You picked out this and that and went from denomination to denomination. But one day you being a part of God, you had to be part of the word. And when you heard the word, you know where you come from. You know what was the truth. You were always the seed was in you always. The word seeing the word that was in you that was before the foundation of the world saw the word and you come to it. Praise the Lord. That's so good. Sometimes the where that the journey and where it starts the where the journey starts is not always it's not where it ends but there's always a beginning in our life just like when the prophet said you can go from it might have been just even in the the the simple message of of salvation which we thank God for salvation but to recognize that God's saving grace was is to take us from where we are and bring us fully into himself. self. That's that's the real goal of the gospel is that Christ himself would dwell within our lives. And you know, I want you to think of it in this way. How could we have ever found God? We couldn't. You It's like when you see this, it was God that actually was the one. He's the one that came looking for us. It was God who came down from glory in order to, you know, to make a way back for you and I. God had to become one of us. He had to God created the tabernacle for himself to come and dwell in that the blood might be shed that then that same life might come back into you and I. We couldn't we could not have the fellowship with God that God desired and what Adam and Eve had in the beginning. There had to be a mediator. There had to be one come. There had to be a blood that was shed and it could not be a polluted blood. And that blood would take care of every sin. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why when you take the blood, the blood is the word. And you take the word to your life, when you begin to take the word to your life and you begin to draw your life through the word, the only thing that can come through there is holiness. This is why even within the little things of where Ruth grabbing handfuls of purpose, she's taking the word and she's applying it to your life. If you want if you want the Holy Spirit, if you want more of God in your life, it must apply the word to our lives and taking that word. And these are things that we as God begins to deal with our life because the spirit, the oil will always follow the word. Amen. It's always there to make that word alive and real. And this is where that something begins to stir in our hearts where you know you think about it that you you you go for a time in your life and you realize what what's what's different about me and you're something you just seem like you can't fit in and yet you seem to be fitting in very perfectly with the people that you were in the world with. I mean if you were a biker, you were a biker. You had a b motorbike like they did. You had a leather jacket like they did. You had all the things like they did. Yet what it was, it wasn't about all this that was out here. It looked like you fit there, but yet there was something in here that would not allow you to become settled. And and what was that? That was that part of God, that part of his word that lay within you and I. Hallelujah. That was that seed of promise. That was that little form of life that laid there that would not allow you to be comfortable where you were at. And that's what that's why God sends his word is to begin to touch that seed on the inside. And as the word comes, that's what begins to drive back the darkness. It begins to drive back the clouds. For what purpose? That we might see who he is. And by seeing who he is, then only through that can we begin to see who we really are. Amen. That's why it takes the revealing of of the son of man, the revealing of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's what the gospel is. The gospel is is not just the letter. The gospel is the word of God in action, the living God that reaches down and it touches our hearts and our lives of of where we're at and to let us know, you don't have to remain in the situation and where you're at. There has already been a provision that's been made for you, but you must accept it. And so to I I love how when brother Brandham brings this here because in the predestinated plan of God to see that everything through the scriptures, it is a drama. It has already been laid out. And God in in his infinite grace and mercy, it's God moving upon each and every bed of time, upon every seed, upon your life, upon my life in order to bring us into that place that we need to be that he might express himself through us. Now, you think of how that this origin that he calls us back to, Paul writes, Paul writes this in 2 Thessalonians 2 13- 14. He says, "We are bound to give thanks always to God for you, brethren, beloved of the Lord, because God hath from the beginning chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth, where to he called you by our gospel to the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. We thank God. We recognize it's a present revelation of Jesus Christ that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever that will actually begin to awaken that seed on the inside. Now, a person can go a long time before they finally recognize that they're a son of God. They can go a long time before they recognize that they're an eagle. But I want you to understand God is confident in his word because his word will be that which speaks to the word inside of you. Amen. Hallelujah. And you cannot you cannot get away from that. That word on the inside of you is really who you are. And it takes more than a church to release that in your life. Amen. It takes the presence of the living God to begin to awaken that seed, to begin to break back clouds, to begin to bring forth a certainty in a living God and to know that he is interested in my life. Amen. And brother Brandham, you know, as he'll say this, it's he'll refer to that little eagle story and talking about how that that little eagle was in the chicken yard and how that mama eagle went flying over. He was a eagle in the beginning. Hallelujah. He was always an eagle, always a son and daughter of God. Listen friends, underneath in Genesis 1, under the darkness that was covering the earth, the seeds were already there. What what needed to be is the is the light to shine through and break back the darkness. And when the light when the when the right nourishment got to the seed, the seed already had the power within itself to become what God had already spoken. And that's why that the word, the message of the hour is the presence of the living God that is sent to ripen the seed. It's sentin upon our lives to bring and begin to awaken us that there's something more than just being a good person. There's something more than just belonging to a church. There's something more than just being affiliated with a group of people. But it begins to move upon our heart that I'm not the son of whoever your parents are or the daughter of whoever your parents are, but I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. Hallelujah. something begins to waken you and I and it takes the presence of God to begin to waken us that would lead us out of the darkness that we were in. Absolutely. The prophet says that's the way with every born again believer. You can hear all the theology you want, all the man-made discrepancy, but when that word flashes out there, then there is something takes a hold and you come to it. You were once dead in sin. The life that he's quickened, there has to be a life there to quicken first. God by his fornowledge knowed all things. And we were predestinated to be sons and daughters of God. You who were once dead in sin and trespasses wherein we all had our times past, but he hath quickened. Brother Ram said when Paul was on that road, he came face to face with that word Jesus. It quickened. Amen. Paul knew the law. He knew the writings. He knew what was speaking of the Messiah. But he needed to meet the God of the Bible. It's not enough to know the Bible. It's not enough to know the message. You've got to meet the God of this message because that's something that a church doesn't hold that revelation. Your parents don't hold that revelation. It's not a pastor who holds that revelation. God wants that revelation to be in your heart that I'm a son and daughter of God. And when that revelation strikes in our heart, it begins to light and it moves. And what is it? It's a life on the inside. No longer a life that I'm living or striving to live, but it is Christ that's living in me and living his life out. That is so good. Hallelujah. He came face to face with the word and it quickened. He come to life right quick because he was ordained to that. Amen. You know it's like brother says you hear about this little duck. He was born under a hen. Another story. He said funny looking little fella. He tried. Can you imagine how he tried to fit in? He's a duck trying to fit in with chickens. It's like the eagle trying to fit in with chickens. But all it took is all of a sudden one day he got a smell of water. Hallelujah. And when he got a smell of water, what was in him was born for the water. Hallelujah. All it took was to get a scent was to get the in the presence of almighty God. This word and it was something that you were born to be in. Hallelujah. You were ordained to be there. Oh, hallelujah. I think we all should rejoice on that. Yes, sir. That's a reality. That's something that stirs within within our hearts. Yes. Amen. Oh, God. It wasn't us. It was the water. It was the smell of the water. And he said he'd never been on a pond before. Never been in the water. But he was a duck to begin with. Don't worry about how to swim. You were born for it. Don't worry about how can I live it. You're born for it. It's within you. Just get in the presence of God. Just applying the word to your life. Don't let your mind be muddled up and confused, but just get in his presence. You were born for this. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Only thing he had to do was come to himself. That's the same thing of a believer, right? There's something in him when he meets God face to face. He comes to himself. That seed is in him. It's quickened right away. He flies away from the things of the world. They become dead to him. Right? I remember we all had our life in those past, but once we got a hold of the real thing, something quickened us. A little seed that come to life and all the things of the world rotted right there. We had no more desire of it. He said, "The worshipper once purge has no more desire of sin. The sin question is over. You become a part of God in Christ and Christ died to redeem you. I just want to say that is just beginning ready to bring brother Michael here in just a few moments and we're going to ask sister Yokabeti to to sing before before brother Michael comes and I want you to see how that through there it was always about coming to yourself. That's what happened. It's God who brought us to ourselves. You sometimes you can be around a person. You've ever been around a person. They got in something that's happened maybe at a factory or a job or situations and my the horrible things that took place in Texas here with that flood of things that that that had taken place and then you people get into a place of a shock and you've got to somehow try to get them out of that shock and try to How do you do it? You don't shake it out of them, but you just you're right there with them. You're you're talking them through and they they'll come out of that shock that they're in. You and I sin had put us in a shock. And God by his presence, the presence of this word, the living God is what begin to awaken us. And it brings us what? Back to ourselves. It's not the image of a church. It's not the image of a of of a belief. It's the image of the living God. Amen. It's God bringing us back to ourselves. We were lost and he's bringing us back to ourselves. Staying in the presence of the word of God and God brings us completely to ourselves. Hearing the gospel, believing the gospel, applying the gospel, then the Holy Spirit will come. God bringing us to ourselves. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. It's like that prodical son. God begins to lead us in the direction we need to go. No doubt many of us, you've been in a place where you look around, somebody's calling your name. How many of you been in a place where somebody's calling your name and you're trying to figure out where where are they at? Right? You you sometimes there might be things blocking at a building or something and you're trying to figure out are they on this side of the building or this side of the house or where are they at? And you're trying to find because you're hearing your name, but you need to get get into a place to where you can finally find the direction where they are. And see, it's God. This word is calling your name. Amen. And what it is is God getting you into a place of the direction for the word to come to pass. Oh, there might be obstacles. There might be a lot of things that could be in the life. But if you'll just keep looking to his voice and say, "Lord, lead me and guide me." He will lead and guide you. Yes, he will into the fulfillment of his word. He'll take care of everything. How many witnesses of that? Amen. God will take care of everything. Amen. So, Brother Brian, maybe come and help Sister Yokabed as she just just a moment. I'll let me just let me do something here real quick. I want to introduce Brother Michael and then Sister Yokabed can go ahead and make her way on up. Um Brianna, if you want to go ahead and give me the give me the screen here right now, please. So, brother Michael I, he and Sister Yoket and their family, uh, they come to us here from Brownsville, uh, right there on the border. They was there a few years ago in Brownsville and also right across the border. This is where they attend service, right across the Mexican border in Maramoros, and that's where Sister Yokabeted is is from. And so, there'll be a lot that has to deal with this. And uh they're right there on the Gulf of America. And um then you find this is uh I don't know who this guy in the middle is, but this is when I arrived at the I don't know if it was Harleen or Brownsville. I don't know where I flew in the first time, but to be there uh with brother Benito, uh the the pastor there now, and then brother, uh Michael. And brother Michael, our paths crossed when I was preaching a meeting for brother Mike Walls in Washington DC. And he asked me, he said, "Do you do you go overseas?" that I don't like I don't like long flights. Almost flying to Phoenix is a little bit too long for me. He said, "You do do I" I said, "I don't know." He said, he said, "Well, we're just right across the border." Okay. I'm thinking of Philippines or Australia. Oh, man. But, uh, this is the the church where where they're at. Uh, and the the tabernacle, the lily of the valley. And so just a wonderful group of people and body of believers. So sister Yokabed, you want to come on and and sing for us and then we'll turn it right to brother Michael. How many thankful I have brother Michael and sister Yokabed. Amen. And Michael their son. She may want it down there. She may want it down there. Brian, if you want to take it back and put those song lyrics up there and then then we can go back from there. Yeah. Great. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yesterday was [Music] asking [Music] [Applause] most [Music] [Applause] [Music] don't let [Music] Forget the name for [Music] There [Music] comes [Music] [Applause] Super [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] for [Music] Savior [Music] for [Music] I don't [Music] know [Music] [Applause] [Music] And I know your name [Music] and I don't say [Music] Amen. It's ready to go for you. Amen. Can we welcome brother Michael? Amen. Amen. Amen. That sounds like a Texas hymn. That's what brother Prairie Green uh said one time and I was in my testimony. I'll talk about that, but my wife sang that same song long time ago and he's from Bar of the Green was from Bulmont, so he he liked the the instruments. Well, thank you, brother Samuel, for the introduction. U a beautiful song, right? It's not our power, it's his power. Right. It's not our grace, it's his grace. Amen. It's not our glory. It's his glory. He found us. We didn't find him. Amen. It's all about him. And it's all about you. If there's anything in me, it's only by his grace. I have it's not by works because I lived a life contrary to this Bible. So it's all about him. So it's a beautiful thing. A deep call us a deep. Amen. That's good. You know the best thing that God gave us bes men besides salvation is a good wife. My wife has been a good wife to me and I thank God. Can't live without her. It's God is God is good. He gives us the desires of our heart. And how much if he doesn't give us he gives us the desires of our heart. How much How much will he not give us the promises of this Bible? Right? So, it's all about you. It's not about me. I'm just a a prisoner of Christ. I shouldn't be alive, but there's a purpose and a season for everything. And I couldn't withhold my my my tears when brother Samuel was speaking about predestination. It's just something about when you when man meets God is from that time something happened. All right. So, make yourself at home. We're seated in heavenly places. Right. So, I won't say much about your pastor, but I will do this. And God guided me to do this. I did this with my pastor. Thank you. That sounded better. Can you raise it up a little bit? I did this with my pastor. Oh, it's me. Sorry. So, I'll speak like this. So, I did this with my pastor. I had a in ' 96 I was guided to this church that you all saw and I was guided to uh our our previous pastor who passed away about five years ago. And um God gave me the opportunity to be close to him and his testimony had a great impact in my life. Truly a great man of God. With any doubt I I am part of who I am because of him and how he teaches us the true word of God. I have learned so much from him and my desire is for God to bless him with many years of life and health together with him in our church. God gave me the opportunity on his birthday to celebrate it. And I didn't I'm not much of a singer. I can only sing with a crowd or in the shower, right? But God gave me this words to give it to him in life. In life. do everything in life because yesterday's gone and tomorrow may not be ours, right? So if you have your mother or your father alive that a boy goes a long way, hug. Hey mom, I love you. Hey dad, I love you. Hey son, I I love you. Hey daughter, I love you. Grandma, grandpa, make it happen. Live today as if it's your last day, right? Enjoy it, right? So, this is I I want to I know how it is. This is my pastor and I just want to show you a little bit who he was. Now, do you see that there? Yeah, that's him. That's in Africa. We were in Congo. That's me. Um, Yep. fishing. God gave me the opportunity. I would tell him, "Hey, would you happen to be go out and, you know, I got a fishing rental. I want to go and get some rest." And he would, he would just, you know what? I'll take you up on that. Let's go. I need to get some rest. So that's me and him. Him. Just a little of of how many 20 years God gave me this pastor. Wow. And I truly miss him. And and uh now God has given us a a new pastor, brother Ben Bonito, which you all saw, which we which God has also blessed us. He was part of our first pastor's uh ministry. And brother Benito has been a good pastor and God has also gave me some time to spend with him. He's been with our pastor for for five years now. But I wanted to say these words and I believe you and I wanted to share the same words I shared with my pastor and I believe even though I'm not from this church but uh I really it's an honor and pleasure to have met your pastor. It's it's something personal in me because God is always on time. And when brother Samuel came and the Lord gave him the green light to come, it was such a blessing for our church and for our pastor. And I just can't explain it. But I wanted to say um these words and I believe everyone in this congregation wants to say thank you, brother Samuel. It says like this. I Pastor Samuel, everyone in the congregation thanks God because he rewarded us with you with your life, with your love. Many of us walk like sheep without a shepherd and the Holy Spirit guided us in this congregation. We want to tell you that your trials and your ef your efforts have borne fruit through your afflictions. You have taught us, you have taught us by your example to love God, to keep in mind that God should always be first in our hearts. Lord, as we as we ask that you keep our pastor and that we may be grateful for all his works, Lord, bless every minute of his life and that like Abraham, you may give him long days. This is our prayer for you, Pastor Samuel. Right, congregation? This is our prayer for you, Pastor Samuel. Do not tire, do not faint, for your labor has not been in vain. Pastor, thank you for your dedication. We know that everything will be fine. You are the pastor who, like David, cared for his sheep and saved them from the bear and the lion. This is how you fight for us in person and in prayer. How can we not thank God for your life, for your dedication? Everyone in the congregation wants to tell you that we love you very much, Pastor Samuel. That's right. Right. So, I just wanted to do that. And that just tells me so you could see how much I love your pastor. Amen. and how you know how what a beautiful blessing that you all have to have a caliber of a pastor like Samuel to guide you. So it's a blessing. So moving forward um are you here? Are you here? Amen. That's what I tell my my my my uh at work. I I'm a safety and I like I do my safety meetings, but I like to make it personal because you got to make it personal. And sometimes we're away from our family, our homes, our children, and they it's a rough industry, but I always say, "Are you here?" I can see them, but they might be going through certain personal issues. I want to stay focused. So, I'm glad you are here. Forget about everything. Forget about what time we're going to eat. I'm going to tell you the I love to eat. But I'll tell you what, the best seasoning is hunger. So, forget about all that. It's God's time. How much time did not when we were in the world did not we stayed so many hours doing this and that and we didn't fall asleep, right? How much time do we spend on our phones? How much time do we do this and that? And there's no obstacle. But when you want to do something right, there's always an obstacle. So, I hope everybody had a good Fourth of July with their families, families, and everybody. It's a time of getting out of work and spending time with your family, your kids, your loved ones. And like I said, just make it count. Make it count. So, it's like I said, it's a good pleasure and honor to be here to give my testimony. Amen. But it is God's grace, right? This is not my testimony. This is a testimony of God's amazing grace. God's amazing grace. Amen. I just want to share before I start my testimony here real quick. And I hope you don't you can understand my spanglish, right? I have no education. I didn't graduate from high school. So, please bear with me. I am, you know, so, but God will make a way. Amen. God is perfect in everything he does. I looked up the word testimony and I wrote a couple things yesterday that God put in my heart to for God um to give you. Testimony is sometimes our testimony is to be shared or to encourage others to demonstrate the power of God or an evidence or proof provided by an eyewitness. Right? An eyewitness. Somebody that was at the scene, a personal experience with God. Amen. That's what it's about. All right. Not with religion, not with tradition. It's having an individual experience with Jesus Christ. And when that happens and at that time, right? Remember that quote at that time. Not with religion, not with the with tradition. Going to church is not enough. Speaking in tongues is not enough. All those things are good and we believe in it. All that is good. But we must have an individual experience with Jesus Christ. And once you have that individual experience, nothing can take that away. That's right. Nothing can take that away. From that time, something happened. Amen. When you have that experience with Jesus Christ, something happened. That's right. I may not be where I want to be. I may not be that which I want to be. But one thing I do know, I'm no longer that which I used to be. From that time something happened. Hallelujah. From death unto life. From no hope to hope. From no peace to having peace. From no joy to having joy. Oh my brother. My sister. There is no hole. There is no hole deep enough that God's everlasting hand and mercy and grace can bring you out of. There is no circumstances or situations too big for Almighty God to fix it. We are born again. And from that time back then he walked with his disciples. Right. But today, July 6, 2025, at Believer's Spoken Word Tabern Tabernacle in Sheffield, Ohio, God before the foundation of the world, knew that there would be a bride fulfilling Galatians 2:20, that it is no longer us who live, but Christ who lives in us, and that the life that we now live in this flesh, we live it by the faith of the son of God who loved us and gave himself for us. How beautiful that could be. That is he loved us and it is no longer us who lives because at that time we died to this flesh. Hallelujah. We now live it by the faith of the son of God who loved us and gave himself for us. We were always a son and daughter of God. Predestinated before the foundation of the world, right? He was always with us. He was always with me. When I was out there close to death many times, but I was blind. I couldn't see. But God is always on time. Think about it. He was always on time. The devil wanted to kill us. But greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world. He is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. The same God who opened the Red Sea for Moses. Amen. Is the same God we are believing today this morning. Who forgive us all our iniquities, all our sins. Right. and heal us all our diseases. Hallelujah. Oh my brother and sister, at any moment, he can get up from his throne of grace. At any moment, he will stand up and there will be no more mercy. There will be no more grace. That's right. And brother Brandham says this in a message. I can't remember where, but he's almost crying and it's towards the end of the service. And he says, "At any moment, he will rise from his throne of grace and there will be no mercy. There will be no more grace. It will be like in the times of Noah, and that door was closed, but Noah was sealed inside the ark. And he preached to them for 120 years. But they didn't believe, right? And they would throw tomatoes and oh, they would say, "You're crazy. No, it's not going to rain, right?" But it came a time, right? When the started to get dark and that rain came in, but it was too late. And they were probably crying outside, Noah, open up the door. And Noah would have opened it, but he didn't close it. Amen. Many people are going to want to do it over again. They will realize that it was this was the truth, but it's going to be too late. That's why I say we got to live like if it's our last time. All right. It's Christ and live that lives in us. And we must die to the things of the world. And we must put God in first place, second place, third place. Amen. At any moment, everyone has a testimony. Now remember, it's the little things that make him big. Amen. It's a little things that we do, inviting somebody to church, speak a little word for Jesus, testify, sing, pray, and it's like bread upon the waters. It'll return to you someday. Praise the Lord. This is this is all about you. Sometimes we might feel like that we are not so some big person that we are not sufficient. But it is written in the scriptures that it's not the big things that we do. It's the little things that we leave undone. But Jesus knew every little thing that you do. You can't do anything too little that Jesus sees it. Right. No matter where it is, what it is, and any little testimony or display of loyalty to Jesus that you do, he knows the sparrow that fall in the street. He knows the very thoughts of the heart. So we are so glad to know that every little thing that we do, Jesus sees it, sees us do it. He knows the objectives and he knows your motives that we have it that we have in it. Didn't he say one time, verily, verily, I say unto you, if you give as much of a cup of cold water to one of these, shall it no wise, you shall no wise lose your reward. Jesus said Jesus said I was sick and you didn't visit me. I was in prison, you didn't visit me. I was hungry, you didn't feed me, etc. as you have done it unto one of these little ones. And we know what the scripture says. So I wanted to share that before I give my testimony. from death unto life. He has redeemed our life from the pit. Right? We've all been in that pit. We've all been in that time in our lives when we think there's no hope. We all had that pit experience. And I would like to start my testimony just read just uh on on uh Psalms 103 from from 1 through to uh from 1 through to 12. And it says like this. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. All my inmost being praise his holy name. Praise the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits. Who forgives us all your who forgives all your sins and heal heals all your diseases. Who redeems your life from the pit and crowns you with love and compassion. Who satisfies your desires with good things so that your youth is renewed like the eagles. Amen. The Lord works righteousness and justice for all the oppressed. He made known his ways to Moses, his deeds to the people of Israel. The Lord is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. He will not always accuse, nor will he harbor his anger forever. He does not treat us as our sins deserve. Amen. Or repay us according to our iniquities. Praise the Lord. For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is his love for those who fear him. As far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let me just say a short prayer and I will give my testimony. Dear heavenly father, as we come humbly to your throne of grace, father, it's all about you, father. It's all about you, Lord. It's your grace. It's your mercy. We are here because now we have a spirit of appreciation and gratitude and we want to live for you because he who is forgiven much love much. Father, Lord, I put every of my brother and sisters in your hands. You know every need. You know every obstacles that they're going through. You know all things, Father. May you come, Lord. Like you always do, Father. And if we hear your voice, the scriptures say, "Do let us not hearken our hearts." And may we say this morning, may we at this time, from this time, from this time we want to renew ourselves, Father. From this time, Father, I put everything in your hands and I ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. So, I'm happy to be here. Um, like I said, uh, like brother Samuel said, um, I'm from Texas. I live on the border of Texas and Mexico. I was born in 1972. I'm 53 years old. from the age 211 to 24. In that span of time, I started to hang around with a one of my cousins that came to live with my grandma and he influenced me in marijuana. And from that time, my life started going downhill. The devil was very cunning. Yes. He puts everything in a silver platter. Here it is. Drugs, rock and roll, women, but at the end, he wants to kill, steal, and destroy. I didn't know this. I didn't know the Bible. I had never opened the Bible in my life. We were Catholics and we didn't even go to church, uh, Catholic church. It was only a religion, a tradition. But I didn't know how the devil worked. I didn't know. And I hope you could see and I know you do. But that was his objective to that's his objective every day is to kill and destroy us. Oh yeah. But he can't touch the elect. This was me. I started as a young little boy. I love baseball. I love boxing. My dad put me in boxing and baseball. I was playing varsity baseball when I was a freshman in high school. Okay, this was me on the little arrow right there. I was play short uh pitcher and and third base and shorts stop. But then I started to hang around with my cousin who came at the age of 11. And this, as you can see right there, you see the difference. Have this Iron Mane shirt. And you can see in my eyes that from that time from that time and I went through a lot from the age of 11 to 24. I was in rehabs. I was in AA meetings, NA meetings. I overdosed twice with cocaine. I was in heroin. It came it was I could feel the hurt I was causing those that love me, which number one was my mom. I'm real close to my mom. I have an older brother, then it's me, and then I have a a younger sister, Liza. my older brother Albert, me, and then my sister Liza, and then my uh little brother Mario. But I was always real close to my mom. And as I lived through that age of 11 to 24, my dad came back from Vietnam and he had a a drug habit in in Vietnam, which was marijuana and alcohol. But my dad was always a good dad. He took me fishing. He always provided for the family, but I grew around that environment where there's drugs and and and and and it was normal. And I always grew up with older people. I didn't get to to uh live with my own peers. So, as I was as I'm living this life, I wanted to get away. I wanted to get away from those people. I wanted to live go I wish I could I remember thinking I wish I could go back to when I to to when to when I uh when I was this this small and I wish I could do things over again. But it was it I didn't know how it was too late. I had a I was smoking about 20 cigarettes of marijuana a day. I was drinking so much alcohol. And then at one point I I'm about to graduate from high school and or a little bit after that. I I didn't graduate. I needed half a credit of economics to graduate, but I wanted to leave because I didn't want to see my mom get hurt. I didn't want to see her cry. I wanted to make her proud. And my friends, so-called friends, they would just throw me there in the in the middle of the yard. And I was all a mess. A mess. I'm telling you, I was all vomited. I was just I couldn't walk. And they just throw me there. But guess who would come out of the house and pick me up and take me to my room? And the next morning, she'll knock in my door saying, "Son, come and eat breakfast." And that love, there's something about a love of a mom that God puts that love of a mom and that was breaking me. That was molding me. I wanted to make her proud. But I had such an addiction. I didn't know what it was. Now I do. And I wanted to change. I would come in at 2, three in the morning. know I saw the TV and I see a AA meeting and I would cry by myself wanting to be have somebody to help me wanted somebody to counsel me and there was good all people around me that wanted to help me but it wasn't that time so long story short I um a friend of my older brother Danny He said, "Oh, hey, um, I want you to go up to Pontiac, Michigan." I had never left Texas. I was about 20, 23, 24. And I said, "Yes." I said, "I need to get away. I'm going to kill my mom if I don't leave. She's so just, you know, my mom wouldn't go to sleep till I come home. home and sometimes I didn't get home. So I left to Pontiac, Michigan. I flew from Texas to Pontiac, Michigan and I landed and Danny's brother-in-law picked me up. And like I said, the devil puts everything right here. He makes it so easy. And it's and he'll take from he took from 11 to 24. And I'm I'm in this house I have 150 pounds of marijuana. My job was to make put them in bags of a a pound each. And I did that and I called my my friend. Hey Danny, I got 150 pounds of marijuana already in Ziploc bags. So, okay, my brother-in-law will come down and if he asks you for 20 bags, give him 20 bags. He'll give you $20,000. So at the in a whether in a month we have I had over $100,000 and I call my friend is I I have over 100 grand here. What are you you going to pick this money up? Yeah, get get your cut and they'll drop off another 150 or 200 pounds. That lasted for six months. But during those six months, I met a I met a a person that would sell cocaine up in Pontiac. And I would give him marijuana. He would give me cocaine. The cocaine I started to to to do co uh to snort cocaine because a cocaine is an upper and I was and it it would have prevented me from getting drunk. I could drink all the alcohol I want, but if I snort cocaine, it wouldn't it wouldn't get me drunk. But nevertheless, I didn't know that cocaine, you can have an overdose and your heart could, you know, it could explode. So, one time I was doing so much cocaine, it was probably like a week that I hadn't slept and I was just so high on cocaine, marijuana, and alcohol. And I remember just sitting down and it was looking outside and it was there was snow and I remember I just felt a started sweating, sweating, sweating. I ran outside and I was having an overdose and one of my friends there was gave me a Nyquil or or milk and that lowered it down and I didn't die and I said I'm never going to do this again. I slept for a day or two and guess what? I started again. Anyway, that stopped. Danny said, "Hey, you need to come back to Texas. Somebody got some money. They were not supposed to. Come back." I said, "What? Back home? Live with mom and dad? No education, no money. You see how the devil works?" But he did give me something. The devil. He gave me a $300 cocaine habit a day plus the alcohol and the marijuana. What do you do? What did I start doing? I couldn't control it. It was controlling me. I started stealing from my loved ones. I I had no money. I would go into stores and do beer runs. I was hurting everybody that loved me. I started uh smelling. I had no more drugs. I had no money. I saw a gasoline tank and I just start uh inhaling the gasoline. Any type of buzz that I could get. I was being anointed by the devil because he wants to kill and steal and destroy. But I didn't know. I didn't have a clue. So in 1995 back home remember a person under the influence of drugs, alcohol, he is no longer in his five sense in his five senses. You can end up killing somebody and you have no recol of it. I remember so many times I would wake up in a city jail not knowing where I was at. I had to call the guard and tell him, "Where am I at?" He would say, "You're in Portville, Texas. You're in Mallen, Texas. You're in San Juan, Texas. What did I do? What's what happened?" Well, you were drunk. They caught you with possession of marijuana less than two ounces. You were in a fight. You were doing this and this and this. It came to a point where I would black out. I didn't have no more memory. I remember to a certain point. And then my friends next day, Mike, are you okay, man? You were in your bike, you were in your in your in your ninja going 130, 140 miles an hour. I don't remember, but he was always with us. So, long story short, I'm I end up in a county jail in 1996 about an hour west of Brownsville. I have long hair. I'm real I was real skinny at the time, believe it or not. But that's when I hit rock bottom. I was in this county jail, probably the size of this room. There's bunk beds. There were some showers to my back. There was a concrete table and a TV. And I remember that night I heard a voice like if it was yesterday I could still hear it. Your only hope is to kill yourself. When I heard that voice it was such a perfect timing how the devil comes into our lives in that moment in that time when you're when you when you messed up I guess and you you you just you have no hope. He comes real subtle. I didn't know that the greatest battle ever fought was in the mind. I don't know these things, but I heard that voice and that voice just was like my answer to my to my question. Was my answer. I felt like I was in the middle of the ocean and I had no life jacket. I had no more strength to float and I was just about to give up. So when I heard that voice, I said yes to death. But a part of me didn't want to die. I remember that night. I remember that night I I was like mad at God or I in such a way I said, "God, if you're real, please manifest yourself to me. help me because I this night I will I I was going to I'm going to commit suicide. I was going to get my bed sheets and I was going to cut them and make a rope and hang myself in the in the bathroom. I wanted to do one thing. I remember I cried and I cried that night. But I want I cried because I wanted to hug my mom for the last time. I wanted to apologize. say, "Mom, forgive me for everything I made you go through." But the reality, you're in a jail when the doors open from the outside and you can jump and cry and whatever that and the reality you're in there. So, that was very, very hard time for me. So, I was waiting for these two inmates to fall asleep. They were playing some cards and they were going to fall asleep. Once they fell asleep, I was going to execute my suicide. But that that night, I fell asleep. And what woke me up the next morning was the the the the doors from my cell open and entered this man about 65 years old as an inmate with his orange suit. I looked at him and said, "It's just another inmate." I went back to depression. Depression is real. It's a spirit that devil uses to kill, steal, and destroys you. But I couldn't show that depression there. I would I would run. I would exercise. And I remember that man. He entered that cell and that was him. He goes in. I see him sit down in a concrete table about 5 10 minutes after he comes in to my cell and he had a piece of paper in his hand and I tell him, "What do you got in your hand?" And he looks up at me with his blue eyes and he said, You're the reason I'm in here for. Sit down. And when I heard those words, those words had power because as and remember faith cometh by the hearing of God, the word of God. When you read the word of God, it has power. Yeah. When I heard him speak, my heart started pounding and I sat down in front of him and I thought he was an American, but he spoke in Spanish. So I said in Spanish, he told me, "Sit down." He said, "Sit down. You're the reason I'm in here for." As I sat down in front of this man on this, he's sitting this concrete table. I sit down. The next thing that happens, the discernment. I didn't know what discernment was. This gentleman who I never had met in my life started telling me things in my p that I had done in my past that nobody knew. I said, "Who are you? How do you know these things?" He said and looked at me and crying said, "My little brother, don't try to figure it out. At its time, you will understand. We must hurry up and eat the word of God." Oh, my brother, if I if only you could have been there. First time I opened my Bible, I was right there and when he was talking and discerning and and all these supernatural things coming, I just remember just crying and crying and crying. I couldn't stop crying even if I wanted to. I was crying of joy. Something that I had never felt in my life. something that no drug, no alcohol, heroin, nothing could have given me that high. There's no high like the high of Jesus. He's always on time. And from that time, I was born again. I received the Holy Spirit. But a day before the devil wanted to kill me. So I opened the Bible for the first time. He we had a Gideon Bible. Brother Alfred got a Gideon Bible. I said, "Brother Michael, open your Bible." I open my Bible. When I open the Bible, first time in my life, I'm 24 years of age. I open the Bible, it lands on Galatians 2:20. When I look at Galatians 2:20, just glows up and it say, "I am crucified with Christ. It is no longer I who live, but Christ who lives in me and the life that I now live in this flesh. I live it by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me." And it was at that time, it was a He's always on that perfect time. I needed that. And when I heard it, I remember it was just crying and crying and crying. And it was just such a joy. And then he always said, and then he said, "Open your book to Ephesians chapter 1 and two," which I didn't tell brother Simon to read that this morning. When I read Ephesians chapter chapter Chapter 2 in him. I'm reading it. Put yourself Take me out of the way. I don't exist. Try to picture what I'm where I'm at. And I'm sitting in front of this man I never knew. And I'm sitting right there. First time opening my Bible. Finished with Galatians 2:20. I'm crying and crying. I'm a mess. Brother Brown says, "When you're born again, it's a mess. Right. Right. In him we were also chosen having been predestinated. I said, "Wait." And I just kept reading. Wait, God. So, you're telling me that you were always with me? Amen. And that just blew my mind to know that there was such a God that he was always there in those times of when I had a 38 and a 9 millimeter. I was in guns. I was going to drown. There's so many instances that he brought to my mind in that time and he would just remember telling me I was there. I was with you. I was there. Remember this time? Remember that time? I was there. Amen. And I was just reading and reading. And brother Alfred was crying and crying and and and and I didn't know. It was just everything everybody else there was 30 prisoners. We didn't care. It was just the the anointing was there. And and then as for you, you were dead in your sins and transgressed sins in which you had you used to live when you followed the ways of the world. You know, everything was perfect just in time. Those two scriptures. And then it goes to um and then the last scripture that I that I always remember is E Ephesians uh four 4 U 420 which says no it's a where it says where Jesus Christ being the chief cornerstone being built upon prophets and apostles Jesus Christ being chief cornerstone So, so I'm here. I'm having I spent the two best months of my life with this manise, brother Alfred. He was about 65 at the time. He was coming from Tucson, Arizona. He was about to cross He was about to cross Mexico. I was in a certain county about an hour away from the border. He was going to Mexico to visit some land his dad had gave him and he stopped at the gasoline station in the same city where my county jail was at and they ran his plates and they put him in that jail for misidentity. But that was the bridge that God was using for me, not just to come to the Baptist church or to the whatever denomination straight to this beautiful and awesome message. Brother Alfred when he was 19, he was in the apostolic church. He tells me these stories. I spent two months with him and then God gave me the last years of his life with me, too. He said he was his mom his mom was in a wheelchair for 20 years and they were living in California. Can't remember what part. And he said invited his mom and his dad, "Mom, dad, you want to go to the ser this man uh um preaching on divine healing?" Dad said, "Nah, you take your mom. I'm going to stay home." Long story short, after the service, they get back home. The father sees his wife after 20 years come walking through them doors. Hallelujah. They went to one of brother Brandham's campaign and she went through that through that healing uh prayer service and brother Alfred is telling me all about this. He's crying and the father gives himself to the Lord and brother Alfred has a he he um he that's where he gave himself also to the message and God used him in many ways and forms. He just had a beautiful gift that I got to see personally on how God works through man like we see all all through the through Genesis through Revelation. It's all about Jesus Christ. It's all about him. So I spent two months with him. That's too time. Is it brother Samuel? It's too good. So I'm there, right? I'm going to tell a little bit of I can't tell them all because we'll be here all day. But I'm there and uh Brother Alfred, we're here. We have two months there. And um he said, "Brother Mike, um get your Bible. Write this down." He said, "Baptize yourself according to Acts 2:38." I'm writing it down, my Gideon Bible. Um when you get out, uh look for this uh book called The Choosing of the Bride, The Rising of the Sun. Then he starts telling me about a story about a eagle, which Brother Samuel talked about it this morning. I didn't tell him about, right? and about a fish that had resurrected and I didn't know I was just I love them stories. I wanted more and more and brother Alfred tell me more. I said no no no I can only give you so much cuz then you know and um I didn't know he didn't tell me uh this is Malachi 4:5. know he had a gift and he was just feeding me a little bit a little bit and I was like I wanted more you know I wanted some meat cuz I was an eagle but I didn't know it yet but now I know it right so anyways long story short two months with him there was this there was this one man this young kid brother Alfred would snore in the morning he snore he'd snore pretty And this one young man that would wake up in the morning and he was just like a rascal. He was just bad guy. He would smoke a cigarette and throw brother Alfred in. And when I saw that he was throwing smoke into his oo I I was about to get off the cross. And that old Mike that old Mike wanted to resurrect and just I was just like oo. But God was there. And when brother Alfred woke up, I told him about him. I said, "I mean, Brother Alfred, this this gentleman over here, this guy, when you're snoring, he comes and I'm I'm going to beat him up." And Brother Alfred real calm said, "No, brother Mike is the the battle is not against the flesh and the blood. God will fight for you. remember, just look what he's going to do. Be patient. Be temperance. Said, "Brother Alfred, it's hard. You know, you're like my dad. You You know, and so the next morning, this little rascal, this guy would always wake up and just making a noise. Very annoying." Well, I didn't think about it till about 9 10:00. I said, "Where is this guy?" So I look way out there and he's still laying in his bunk and he's covered and he's just crawled over. I said, "Man, did brother Alfred he say that it's not a flesh and blood, but did did he kill him or what did he do? He's not moving." Well, all of a sudden, I remember just the the nurses, the the the medics from the prison, they just quickly took him away. We never heard anything about him. But Alfred told me, "Brother Mike, always fear God. Be humble. He will fight for us. The hand of God is very heavy. So don't just surrender yourself to him." And there were so many other instances. So one day I heard his name, brother Alfred Garcia Gonzalez. pick up your stuff. Oo. When I heard that, said, "What? What's going on? You're going to be transferred to Tucson, Arizona." And I felt like a kid, like a four or five year old whose parents just left you in the middle of a grocery stores and you don't know what's going on. I felt so alone. And I just remembered saying, "God, I want to go where he goes. I want to let me go where he goes. I don't want to separate myself." I felt, have you all watched The Lion King, the big and then the the little kid? He's like, I I felt like I was untouchable as long as Alfred was there. And sometimes I would look at Alfred from far away and say, "Man, I better think right because he can discern my thoughts, so I better start thinking right." But I felt so secure. But that moment I remembered I cried and we hugged and we embraced and he left. And I remember I just did a simple c a simple prayer in my bunk and I said, "Lord, like Elijah and Eliah, you know, they wanted to go together." I said, "Lord, give me more time with him, please." And I'm I'm crying from the heart and I just leave it at that. Four hours later, Brother Alfred comes back to myself and he comes directly at me. Brother Mike, what's going on? Like he knew. He said, "Well, the Bible says if we ask, we shall receive." And I asked for you a little bit more time. And God is faithful and he's, you know, he provides all that, right? So he said that he they put like 50 prisoners in the Harlingen airport airplane all shackled up. The the the plane wouldn't start. It wouldn't start. So everybody come off, go back. So the plane wouldn't start. And I was like, "Yes." But then Alfred, Brother Alfred said, "Brother Michael, you're not alone. I can't make you. It's going to be him who's going to make you and break you. We're a whole body." He promised he'll be with you. He'll never forsake you. He will always be with you. And I just start crying when I'm hearing it. He has such a tone of voice that you just you're crying and crying, but I want to go with you. Please, you know, I don't want to be here. I want to go where you go. And so he kind of told me, hey, you're like that ego in the nest, right? You're comfortable with those little cotton there, but God got to take that out and you got to fly. You got to come to a point where we have to depend on God and have these individual experience with God, right? One of these days that's what he's doing. And we got to have our faith got to be tested and tried. So he goes, he ended up doing eight more years in Tucson Penitentiary Prison. Eight more years. Eight more years. And I'm writing to him. I have a big box of letters. And I go up and I go up to another city about four hours north of where I was to Beville, Texas. I did four more months there while Alfred separated. We separated there and I got out in six months. Two with brother Alfred, four up here north. Six months shock probation. I got out. That's a miracle in itself. If you could only know, that's why I read there is no hole. There's no situation. There's no circumstances. He is the I am. I am everything. He is your I am in every situation and everything you're going through. I was supposed to do 5 to 99 years in prison, but I got out in six months. That's God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I don't care, Satan, what I did. You got to say that I don't care. He didn't see. You didn't do it. It was Satan in us destroying us and killing us. God doesn't see what you did in your past. God doesn't see that you didn't do it. Remember, you're at we're Oh, I wish I could just explain it, but I don't. I don't have the education. But he got me out in six months. And when I got out in six months, I went home live with mom and dad and I was so happy. I didn't have no material things, but I had such a joy inside me that I didn't have the drug, the the addiction, rehabs, NA classes, AA meetings. They're good programs, but they're not they're not good enough. Only God can do that. Only God. When man meets God, something happens. And that's what it's all about. It's his amazing power and transformation and grace. It's his predestination. So, where are we at? Where are we at today? Speak the word. Speak it. We are that spoken word. Amen. And I was I I got out. I remembered my Gideon Bible. I opened it. Baptized according to Acts 30. I can't do that now. Phone number. Okay. Call this phone number. Call this phone number. Brother answers the the on the other line say, "Brother, my name is Michael Okonnell. I was a drug addict, alcoholic uh all my life from 11:24. I landed in a county jail. I met this man. He told me, gave me this phone number, told me to call you. Here I am calling you. Okay. Well, my name is George Smith. Okay. I said, I didn't know who George Smith was. He said, well, can you? He said, well, he said, how far are you from Houston, Texas? Said, I'm about five to six hours away. He said, man, you're pretty far. Then he said, wait a minute. How far are you from Matamoto's Mexico? I said, I'm about 45 minutes. He said, I know the pastor down there. And there's families that commute back and forth from Texas to go to the to church. Are you okay? You all need to stand. You're good. Okay. All right. Remember, the best seasoning is hunger. So, I'm I'm there now. And I said, "Okay, I know the pastor. He was going to call you. He's going to call you back and um Oh, I Yeah. No. Yeah. Okay. So, anyways, so I'm there. George telling me, you know, I know the pastor is going to call you. Hold on. Yeah. Pastor calls me. Brother Tacho, the first my first pastor. I tell him exactly what I said, my testimony, da da da. Say, "Okay, I'm going to send a brother to go pick you up to go to church." They say, "Okay, thank you." Sunday morning, my mom's house, right? I'm ready. I want to hear the word. I want to hear that word that I heard through that man. I didn't trip with the vessel. I knew who was on behind the vessel. I knew who it was. You know, God is awesome how he chose people that were didn't know how to ride, uneducated, but he hid it from the wise and the prudent and he gave it to a person that was an alcoholic, a heroin addict, drug addict, da da da. He gave us revelation. Oh my god, that's a paradox. You know, I know paradox. If my old friends would hear me say paradox, what what dang what's going on, Mike? Where are you? What happened to you? You know, never heard a paradox kind of out of your your mouth. Anyways, door knocks and he open the doors. Okay. My name is Israel. Say, Brother Mike. Yeah, brother Mike. Israel. Okay. Pastor sent me to come bring you to church. Okay. Let's go. Um he go into his vehicle. meet his wife, his three children. Long story short, that brother became my brother-in-law. Wow. After church, we went to church. I heard the word of God through my pastor. And my pastor, Brother Tacho, he was a man. He was very jealous of this message. and he would preach it, you know, like it was, you know, and there's so many want to say so much about it, but I heard and I heard a man and it was just like a like another version of Alfred, but another and I just remember crying and crying at church and just God speaking to me direct, right? And edifying me and just giving me hope and all this stuff. and and in after church we go he takes me to his to his house to go eat. Okay, this is honest truth. So I sit down. It's hot back in I'll give I'll give my wife that credit. It's hot. And um I'm sitting down and I look at the kitchen. The kitchen's there. I see uh four four sisters there. Um, and then here comes my jug of bed at that time with a picture of water. Say, "Hey, are you thirsty? Do you want some water?" I said, "Yeah, sure." One sister, I was I was telling this in Oklahoma. Oh, like like Rebecca when she gave water to the camels. Yeah. Yeah, sister. But I'm not a camel. [Applause] So, so then I said I'm I was you know I was real respectful and you know and I just okay got some water and there she comes again about three four time no just she she was she was respectful she can give me water and then through the time that was a Sunday my wife tells me later that Saturday was her birthday like like like today right yesterday was her birthday and she was cutting some they were celebrating her birthday with all her brothers. There's nine together nine. And she's cutting making some cowboy beans, some chado beans we call. And her brother Israel that picked me up was got in front of her while she's cutting the the tomato and the onions and the srano pepper, all that good stuff, right? Making that sauce. and uh his brother got in here and she she started telling my wife, "Oh, tomorrow I got to pick up pastor thought she told me I got to go pick up a brother that just came out of prison." And my wife said, "It's like I I felt something for you even though I didn't know you." And my wife says, you know, there's other brothers in church. She's 24 at the time. And she said the other brothers wanted to ask her if she for a relationship, but she's her dad always told her dad died when she was 13. And uh but her dad always told her, you know, pray for your pray for your husband. So she said, I prayed from 13 to 24. You know, I prayed a lot. And and then she said, the next day, Sunday, I dressed up pretty as I thought, elegant and nice, and you didn't even pay attention to me, she told me. But I said, I I wasn't looking to up to get married. I I it was it was beyond my mind. I was just happy, happy to just be delivered from that demon of alcohol to be free to have that. I was just so happy. And then I just I said with time we started speaking. I said I said, "Man, Lord, really, this is just too much. Really, who am I? I don't deserve this." And and um my wife says that her dad would always she would always real close to her dad and stay out at uh at night with her dad. Used to be the pastor before before brother Tacho. Brother Tacho was a missionary at the time. So her dad would always tell you pray for your husband. You know that God give you a good uh Christian husband that loves God because if he loves God, he'll love you. My wife said, "Man, I prayed for you." Say, "If you if I got a good husband, that means I prayed a lot of years. But if you didn't get a good wife, that means you didn't pray." Cuz I just got there in six months and we were boyfriend, girlfriend. We got married a month after that. I mean, a year after I started meeting her and God just a deep working with a deep deep she was God was working in her. God, it was just awesome how God was telling her. And then brother Tacho's h wife said, "Here comes that's uh Jookabed's husband." She said that when when I first come and then we were married in 1997. We were boyfriend and girlfriend for a year. Believe it or not, I was skinny at one time, right? We were boyfriend and girlfriend. Then we got married, right? We got married and um God gave me uh Michelle right there next behind me. Michelle, she's 26. Areli Jookobed, she's about 24. And Michael, well, he's no longer this size. He's 19. And I'm here writing to Alfred. Guess what, brother Alfred? That phone number you gave me, the guy I'm in a church. Guess brother, brother Alfred, I'm getting married. Get bro, guess what, brother Alfred? Uh, I'm having a little girl. When Michelle was born to my mind, I remember just carrying her in my arms, a little baby. And I just remember crying said, "God, the world will always judge us. The world is we will always be rare birds to the world. We're in the world, but we're not of the world. And as long as you have God as your backup, that's all that matters. God is everything. He has always provided for me. He is everything. He will always make a way. And when I carried her, I said, "Lord, I was weeping and crying, brothers." He said, "Lord, the world looks at me as a monster when they look at my all my record from 11 to 20, but you All right. You are almighty God and you is just I felt that oneonone. I felt untouchable because I knew that God had to clean me first to give me a wife. He had to, you know, it's a process and I just from there on I just like I haven't looked back. God gave me a beautiful family as you could see. You know, my mom, my dad who my mom was almost, you know, I felt the hurt I was causing though her when she realized that I started going to church and then I wasn't drinking and smoking. She's my mom loves my wife like her like her like her daughter and I made my mom my dad. My dad just called me yesterday. I couldn't see my dad eye do I when I was drinking and all and I don't blame him but he's so happy every time I go do a project I can embrace and hug and sometimes saw my dad cry because now I when I go home I try to spend as much time as I can with them these two people because I still have them in my life and my dad and my mom they know there's a God and and then there's so happy. The black sheep of the family. Here it is. Now, God has by his grace made him a a trophy of our of of his grace, right? It's nothing that we've done. So, my mom, my dad, you see there's my mom, my dad, and here's a little So, they're they're um that's still going. And this just part of my life where my pastor in Africa, you know, and God has been using me as an interpreter since then. This is brother, brother uh Warren and another brother from the Congo, Brother Stan. You know who this is? I wish I had that video. I have this clip. Me and the clip that I always carry with me. And I love the the the the interpretation and the anointing that was with that day was just God and awesome. So, Brother Alfred is in in and I'm telling him, "Brother, I'm I'm married. I got a gay." So, um after eight years, Brother Alfred gets out of the Tucson Penitentiary. He calls me Michael's not in the picture yet, but Michelle, they're young. I drive all the way from Brownsville all the way to Tucson in Arizona, Tucson Tabernacle and I embrace and then we ate some tamales with brother Alfred and we hugged and we I had a great time and we went to Mount Lemon. She showed me so he was uh staying there in the Tucson Tabernacle. I met where I met brother Green and brother Green heard about her testimony and he said where's brother Michael and brother Alfred I want them to come and give their testimony. My wife sang a song and that's when I met and I was with probably a week there with him. Um so we have a re a yearly reunion and we um I invited brother Alfred come on down we have a reunion. He came down the following year and that's him in our church and him eating you know corn he loved to eat and uh so God granted me about six to seven years his last years he granted me that time uh to be with him. He died in uh 2012. He passed away. But when he went to the reunion, the Lord gave him a sister, a wife. So, he was not alone. God blessed him with a wife. But uh um Yep. Brother Alfred, he uh was born 1944 and he passed away in 2012. He's about 10 minutes from my house. I buried him. He was just like my dad. Remember, I didn't graduate, but God blessed me with a good good job. I got out of I got out of prison. I was working as a janitor. I was I was working a staff time here and there, staff agency. I didn't care. I was just so happy that I was that I was free. And then I was, you know, and I started getting jobs and always helping out just, you know, and then God started um he blessed me to go into the oil and gas business as a as a groundman, a forklift driver, and one of these guys form is, "Hey, Kano, we're going to put you as a permit writer because we got all these uh conicle Phillips operators and uh we don't speak any Spanish, so you're the only one that speaks English. you're gonna be down there trying to see what's going on. I say, "Okay, I'll be your the permit writer." And I started going into safety and and then I started working there and then I worked some pipeline uh and God has just I I just can't describe it. And remember, I do this in in in rehabs. I go out there wherever I can to to find um to find to give somebody a word of hope that has been in my shoes. You know, I give I go out there give my testimony and you know, there might be a mother that has a son in prison or somebody that's going through drugs or somebody that's going through so much. And I and and I remember when I got out of prison, I wanted to be a chemical dependent counselor and I wanted to because I wanted to help those people that are going through drugs. Long story short, I was there was a two two it was a lot of people interviewing and it was only me and another person and we were just gotten married and I said, "I got this job. I'm going to get it." And then the the ladies, the interviewer said, "Michael, we love your testimony. I believe you will have an impact on these people as a dependent counselor, one of these counselors for chemical dependence that are going through drugs and alcohol here in in in Texas. But unfortunately, we cannot hire you. Ooh, just crush me because the state of Texas won't because you got to have a very clean clean record and you've been in and out of jails and this from the age of 11 and I'm sorry I said and this other guy who just had a clean record but no ex no experience with said but I have experience with all these drugs. Come on. But you see, God knows all things because about eight years down the road, he was going to put me in refineries with people like these guys that are going through alcohol, through drugs. And God has put me for the past 20 years individually working with these people. And I just we all we got to do is be the salt. lead us out there. Your actions speak louder than our words. And they will come. Hey, brother Mike, why? You don't drink or what? You You don't party out like them guys. You don't go to these uh uh strip clubs with these guys. One guy said, "Michael, are you are you kind of like gay or something?" I said, "But you know these guys out here drinking? I was worse than these guys. I've been in and out of those old stuff." you said, "Yeah." I remember that one individual couple days later, he comes to me say, "Brother Mike said, can you can I give can you give me some advice? I can't tell my buddies because they're going to laugh at me, but I'm going through this and this and this." So, you know, God opens the way and I've witnessed, you know, it might be a little testimony, maybe some a little bit of word of God, but God takes care of the rest. Right. So, um that's that's part of where where I'm at, right? Um 2025, I haven't touched marijuana joint in 27 years. It's it's something um that's amazing, you know, and um it's not about me, you know, it's about the grace of God. and and and and and I wanted to finish this real quick if y'all don't mind. I wanted to touch this. God put in my heart to to to read this and um and it's it goes like this. Um here it is. Where is it at? Okay, I know where it's at. Bear with me. Best seasoning is hunger, remember. And brother Brandon preached this uh from that time. He preached this message and I and I was reading it for the first time in my life. Hannah and u he's talking about you can ask the drunk the alcoholic when did you start drinking? Oh I never drank in my life until one night I was out with a bunch of fellows in a little celebration and I take my first drink and from that time that's the way it goes starts at a time here. Some time ago, I went to the emergency room in a certain building and there was supposed to be the the insanity. When I walked the door, there was there was a when I walked into them doors, you know, he goes into an insanity place or people banging their heads and stuff to go pray for them. When I walked in that door, there was a lovely, pretty young woman about 25 years old sitting there looking at me. I said, "How do you do?" And some of them in straight jackets and beard over their face and cursing and oh, filled with the filled with that demon power. Man, when I was in prison, oh, I saw people commit suicide. I saw the devil in the flesh. I could just tell you some testament, but they're gruesome. But the devil is real. The devil is He don't He don't care if you're old or young, right? He just wants to kill and steal and destroy. And how do you know? and some of them some Drake and bearded over their face and cursing and all filled with demon power. And I looked at her. I said, "Well, it's kind of it's kindly hard to tell where to start praying first." She said, "If you don't mind, I wish you would start with me." I said, "With you?" Said, "Yes, sir." I said, "You're not a patient." "Yes, I am, sir." I said, "Well, what's wrong with you?" She said, "I'm supposed I suppose I'm insane." I said, "You're sure don't look look don't look it." She said, "Could you listen to my story?" I said, "Certainly." And she said, "When I was a young girl, Brother Brandham, I was raised in a real Christian home and I started going with a boy that smoked and said, first thing you know, I was smoking and one night he spiked a coke with whiskey and that started me drinking." She said, "I started from that to prostitution." And she said, "I lived in the very gutters of the blackness, blackest of hell." She said, she said, "I served four years in a Catholic institution, Good Shepherd's Home, and said in there, I turned a new page, and I said, when I get out out of here, I'm going to go straight." Said, "I meant it. I meant it." But as soon as I got out with the crowd again, it was all over. You know, I got out of Ehabs and I was in them. As soon as I get out, I would celebrate again. It was It's not easy. Nobody will under ever understand a drug addict, an alcoholic or a prostitute until you walk through them shoes. So we can we shouldn't judge nobody because jud God can pick up any prostitute from here and put her in here, you know, and um that just came to my mind and at home I said she was turning a new pace but when I got out of here I'm going straight. She said I meant I meant it but as soon as I got out the crowd again it was it was all over but it wasn't her time back when she would get out. Right. my time then said it was all over. Then I did two years in a woman state penitentiary here in the state and she said there I thought truly I was reformed. I come home join another church. I told the pastor we went down to the altar and talked it over. But she said I just can't keep from it. She said I started it started one night. I said lady don't you want to be a real lady and have a hubby and a babies like a real woman was? She said, "Oh, with all my heart." She said, "But look at me now." I said, "I've tried and I've tried." I said, "But you haven't tried my Lord yet." Brother Brandham told her, she said, "Yes, I have to. I have to, Brother Brandham said, I signed pledges and vows and made promises to God." I said, "That's just not what I'm talking about." And I said, "As as as old-fashioned as they may seem to be, it's a devil." She said, "I've always believed that." And I said, "He drives you to do things you don't want to do." And that's true. I never wanted to do this. I never wanted to hurt my family. And as he drives you to do things you don't want to do, she said, "I believe that." And she said, "Would there be a good hope? Would they be will there be a hope for me?" Brother Brandham said, "Certainly." And we knelt down to pray. After a while, she raised up, beautiful woman, great soft looking eyes. She looked up and the tears running down her cheek and she said, "Now, Brother Brennan, I believe I'm going to go out and make a new life." I said, "Sister, dear, you're just simply turning a page. It won't do any good." I said, "You've done that so many times." I said, "Just stay here until God speaks back to you." We go down there together and prayed. And I left her praying, went on pray for other people. After a while, she rose up and there looked around the room with those big eyes looking at me and she said, "Something happened to me." I said, "Now if you've got it, Brother Brown said, now if you've got it, you don't have to turn new pages. Now it's happened. You've got it." And from this time, she was a changed one person. She married, got a lovely home, two children. Now she can point her finger at to a time that something happened to her that was immortal. Things happen and life changes and life change. But there's there's something that can happen to a person that won't change. You cannot be the same after this happens. That's when a man meets God. He changed something. He changed. Something happens to him or her. He never the same after he once meets God face to face where he has to come to the fact to either receive him or walk away from him. He will go away a worse person or go away a new person. But when you meet God, something happened immortally. When an old blind beggar, as you can recall, who didn't even have food in the house, perhaps sat by the roadside begging blind and could not tell a daylight from dark. But then come in the presence of the Lord Jesus. He called out to his faith touched him and from that time he could see when he touched God from the time his life was changed. There was a leaper laying at the gate crying unclean unclean and Jesus passed by and his first contact with Jesus he touched him. And from that time that leprosy was gone. It was a maniac in Gdara who was so powerful possessed of the devil till they could chain him and he break the chains and cut himself in pieces of stone with such an awful man until no one could bypass could pass by would murder them if he could get a hold of them. So possessed by the devil everybody bypassed away and one day Jesus came along and from that time he was a changed man and has his right mind and could go home to his family. From that time he met God. There comes a man coming down the street. Old rugged cross on his shoulders bearing it, dragging on the back, bumping over those hard stones. It's rubbing the places meat off his shoulders. A crown of thorns on his head mixed with tears and blood streaming down his face with mockery. Soldiers spit all over his beard where their face bleeding where they asked the handfuls of beard out of his face. Old cross dragging out the bloody footprints as he walked down the street. The bee of death comes down and begin to hum around him buzzing. I got him now. Oh, on his road to Calvary, I'll get him up there. And that will be the last of the thing called Messiah. The bee of death, it anchors in everyone. But I, like any other bee is, if that bee ever stung, stings deep enough, it'll lose its stinger. Any insect or bee, if it ever stings real deep, it can never sting no more. He couldn't sting deep enough in mortal blood. But brother, sister, when it anchors when it anchored its stinger in the son of God, it took the stinger out of it. No wonder one could stand and say, "Oh death, where is your stinger? grave. Where is your victory? When death met God has lost its stinger. It cannot sting a Christian no more. No more. It cannot sting. Just believe it. It cannot sting a Christian no more. It can It can buzz and make a noise. It can buzz and make a noise, but it lost its stinger. I'm so glad. I'm so happy this morning to be a Christian. To know that death doesn't hold any stinger anymore. It can buzz and make the noise and try to stir us. But we know that the stinger was anchored in his flesh. And from that time, from that time, God pulled the stinger out of death. And today death hath no stinger. Oh, he was wounded for our transgression, bruised for iniquity. The chastments of our peace was upon him. With his stripes, we were healed. Amen. Do you believe it? Do you accept it? Do you believe it? Amen. At that time, we must have two times, right? A time we were born in iniquity and sin, but there has to come a time where we could say, "It is no longer I who lives." It's a great battle. And only God knows what we're going through and what I'm going through, you know. But I've decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. Amen. And if you read and hear that song has a story behind it where you got to leave it all, forsake it all. Those of your household might be your enemies because of him. He who does not leave father and mother is not worthy to follow me. I thought my family was going to besides my mom and dad. I thought my family were going to embrace this message. But they said your your pastor has brainwashed your mind. I'd rather see you a drug addict, alcoholic than to be a brother. It hurt. But I had decided to follow Jesus. I couldn't understand knowing where God has gave me a family, but it was religion and tradition. Do you believe it? It's not who starts a race, but who finishes the race. If there's somebody here that might be lukewarm and you want to say, "Brother Mike, at this time, if there's anybody or something, just right there where you're at." Because there's coming a day that he will rise from his throne of grace and there will be no more grace or mercy. Right now, if you hear the voice of God, do not harden your heart. God loves us so much. He wants the best for us. I never I don't deserve this, but there's something in me that I just want to shout it to the world who he is. Amen. I'm not embarrassed of this gospel because it's life to me. It changed me. It gave me a beautiful family, son and daughters, beautiful families like yourself. I may not ever see you guys again, but if we stay loyal, if we stand fast in this word, I will see you on the other side. So, I love I love you with all my heart. I don't know you, but it feels like I've known you. I feel at home. Amen. But God is always on time. He's never late. Four days late, Martha said, "Lord, if you would have been here, but four days late, but he was on time." Brothers and sisters, run that race. Sprint. Make it count. Amen. Don't let complacency set in. It's dangerous when complacency sets in. Identify those hazards. Identify those bad habits and say, "Lord, at this time, I will stand. Let it be." I'll let brother Samuel, it's a pleasure being here. Please pray for me and we can pray. We can pray for one for another. Amen. Make it happen. Amen. Make it happen. God is the truth, the life, and the way. There is no situation, there is no sin deep enough that God cannot bring you out of. I wish I could go more deep into stuff, but I cannot tell you that he grace, his mercy, his love is not sometimes is is omni is omnipotent, omniscent. May God bless you richly. I love you all and we'll see you. All right. God bless, brother Samuel. Amen. God bless. Amen. Bless the Lord. That car sure has loved this. Makes me kind of jealous. I've never got beeps. But in all reality, I know those things happen. I But um it's been good to be here in the house of the Lord. And I I just believe certainly with all my heart that God has had this to be a real moment for us and a moment of encouragement. Amen. And uh also a moment that for there to be just even a reflection in each of our lives just as brother Michael had mentioned there at the at the end is no matter where you're at, you know, everything it starts. And I know this is very um might be very simple but there's got to be a starting point and that starting point is begins with a decision where you have to make a decision to follow the Lord. You know there's a decision person make to come to church but then there has to be a decision when God begins to deal with your heart to begin to surrender your life to repent of your sins. It's like trying to hit to help the team out and hit a home run or hit a ball. You can't do that unless you get on the field. And the only way to get on the field, you've got to first come through John 3:16. Recognize what the Lord Jesus did for you. And when you can recognize what he did for you, you may say, "Brother Samuel, what do I have to stop?" Nothing. Because you can't stop nothing. I'll tell you what you do is believe. Amen. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thy in thy house shall be saved. Amen. See, there's power in believing, recognizing what he did for you. Hallelujah. No matter what it is, no matter if it may not be alcohol or whatever it might be. You might be sitting here standing this morning with a besetting sin. Might just say, "Lord, help me to believe. Lord, you might try to you've tried to lay this and tried to stop this." Listen, just just say, "Lord, increase my faith." And look to him because believing releases what's needed to lift you above those things. Hallelujah. Think about what what I the scripture I just said that was in to the Philippian jailer. And I've I've read that that so many times and I've thought about brother Alfred when he came into that jail where he was and said, "You're the reason I'm here. [Music] I forgot to say in those eight years, Brother Alfred, they they broke his arm. They stabbed his heart. But he baptized over 200 inmates, guards, Indians that were reser reserve Indians. And at the he baptized one, even the prisoners, the guards would say, "What are all these people doing in your cell? Are you planning an escape?" And brother Alfred would say, "All I do is tell them about Jesus, and they want more." He had a tremendous work in the penitentiary, and it was hard what he went through. But he baptized over 200 inmates, and he told me so many stories. is that one time he bapt a Cherokee Indian and he gave himself to the Lord and the other tribe killed him the next day. It was it prison is hard. You see all you see is is demons in there. So it's pray for my daughter Michelle, my oldest daughter. She's going she's she's wavering and it's not easy. But I know that there there's coming a time that she'll have that time. And she said, "Dad, I want an experience like you had." No, you got to have your experience with God. You got to have that individual experience with God. She's my She's my daughter. her. She I I will always be there with her. But it's hard. So you could you could lie to your dad, to your mom. You could die. You could lie to hide it from your pastor, hide it from your mom, but God sees everything and he's going to have a time. You might be, she said, "Dad, I I was living a hypocrite life. I was going to school and and and and uh painting my nails and then when I get home I would so when we one time we got back home and uh we were going to church Wednesday I said Michelle you're not going to church said no dad I got a bunch of homework okay I didn't think about it we went to church me Michael my wife my other daughter coming back from church my wife said Michelle don't answer the phone she's all right she's probably asleep no there's something wrong. A mother, right? She She has something in it. We get home. Michelle, Michelle, where you at? No. Michelle, but there was a little letter there. And he said, "Dad, it's not your fault." [Music] She said, "Dad, it's not your fault. It's nothing that you've done. You've been the best dad ever. But I'm living a hypocrite life. I'm living a double life. I couldn't sleep. Michael start me, we all started crying. We couldn't find her for the past two days. And then we went to school. We found her. But it was so devastating. [Music] And then she's back at home. She's made mistakes, but I've always told my kids, you know, I'm I'm going to be your father and I'm going to correct you, but I want to be your best friend, too. And when you make a mistake, I told them because I know I made a lot of mistakes and God still loved me. I told him, when you make a mistake, use that mistake as a stepping stone to learn from it, to become a better daughter, better father, a better mother, a better husband, or whatever it is. So when I you make a mistake, I want you to come to me and I'll do that father put that father away and I'm going to be your best friend. And they have she has and so all I can do is like the prodical father and love her because I know I have faith that she's got to be she has her time, you know. So, if you're doing something or you know of somebody that's doing something, maybe doing things you're not supposed to be watching or hearing, it's going to catch up to you. So, take advantage and make it this time. You don't want to learn the hard way like I did, but some will. But I just wanted to share that, you know, I wanted to tell you just pray for me and my my family and I'll pray for you guys. Thank you. Amen. Amen. Amen. I certainly we want to I would like to sing a course here and um I want to give anybody an opportunity if anyone would like prayer. Maybe there's a heart that would like to come to the Lord like to make that decision. Maybe there was a maybe is right here this morning and I think it's it's key what he had said there too as well. Amen. Is you can't look at where where you've been. That's right. You can't even look at all your mistakes and failures. You might be a person that even like he's talked about as he mentioned there and how the enemy would get right there in his daughter's mind and you're a hypocrite and you're a hypocrite. Isn't it amazing how the enemy can try to take the word and run you down with it? Run you right away from the source that really holds everything you have need of. The truth. But you know there stands a loving savior, a living God. Amen. Amen. And he's able to do for you. We here's another testimony right here. He's able to do for you what no one else can do. You can't even help yourself. You need God. That's right. And it all starts with the surrender, with the repentance. Lord, I want to know you. Amen. I want I want to know you in the power of your resurrection. And it starts and you keep walking with him. Keep walking with him. Don't let anything get between you and the word. Nothing. You keep walking and the word of God will change your life. God's word cannot fail. It cannot fail. Amen. Let's just sing a little chorus. Hey, I I know I know it's been a longer time, but you know what? We we we've looked at things sometimes have been ball games and everything else. Foolishness for three some hours and that was that was a literally a waste. I'm not chiding you. I'm just trying to say this was life. This is a moment of life. Amen. You see sometimes even in midst of things like this, remember hunger is the best seasoning. But I'm not trying to keep you, but I want to give. If there's one that wants an opportunity, wants prayer, I'd be happy to pray with you. Brother Michael's here. We'd be happy to pray with you. I don't want to let an opportunity ever get by. Amen. Lead us. Go ahead. You made a way. Oh yeah. That's right. When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you Lord made a way and we're standing here only because you made a way for standing here, not knowing how we'll get through this test. But holding on to faith, you know best. Nothing, nothing can catch you by surprise. You got this in control. And now we know that you you made a way. When our backs were against the wall and it had looked as if it was over, Lord, you made a way. [Music] Oh, and we were standing here only because you made a way. Oh, how many glad about this this morning? Oh, and now we're here. Oh, we're looking back on where we come from. Oh, yes. knowing it's because of you and nothing we've done. Oh, to deserve the love and the mercy you shown. But your grace was strong enough. Oh, to pick me up. Oh Lord, you you made a way. When our backs was against the wall and then I looked as if it was over. Lord, you made a way. [Music] Oh, and I'm standing here only because you made because you move the mountains. You cause the walls to fall with your power. for you perform miracles and I'm there is nothing there is nothing that's impossible that's impossible with my God and we're standing here only because you move the mountains you move the mountains you fall with your power with your power. Lord, you perform miracles and there is nothing there is nothing that's impossible impossible. And when we're standing here only because you made, Lord, you made a way. You made a way, Lord, when my back was against the wall and it looked as if it was over for you, Lord. made the way and I'm standing here only because you made and this morning I'm standing here only because you made and Oh yes. Oh yes, I'm a child of the king. Oh, and his royal blood now flows through my veins. And I was wretched and poor. I can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I am a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child. I'm a child of the king. when he goes through my was and pour out now can sing praise God praise God I'm a child of the king. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. By the grace of God, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I am. I'm so glad that I can say one of them. [Music] Amen. with the fire that fell in which cleans the nation. Lord, it is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. Yes, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say, "Oh, one of them." One of them. Hallelujah. One of them. Oh, yes, I am. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Come, my brother, seek this blessing. It'll cleans your heart from sin. Yes, it will. It'll start the joy bells ringing. It'll keep your soul a flame. He is burning down within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say one of Hallelujah. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Hallelujah. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I want a Yes. I'm so glad I can say one of them. Hallelujah. [Applause] My goodness. I feel like just worshiping right now. It's dangerous time right now. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I feel like singing that. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. Amen. Brother Michael, we'd love We we're so thankful to have you and Sister Yokabed and Michael here with us. And what I'd like to do is if you all go ahead and make your way on back there and so they can shake your hands on the way out. And uh we we'll get your stuff wherever your suit coat and everything's at. We'll we'll get that we'll get it back to you. But but you and your family and we so appreciate having them. Amen. Amen. You continue to remember them in prayer. Brother Michael, some of the he's the safety director. He started in last week when they go to idle a petroleum refinery plant, all the jet fuel and stuff like that. They have to put it all the things underground. So, he has to go in because there'll be guys going in there, welders and everything else. So, he's the safety inspector that oversees the beginning of that project and then hiring guys in, bringing them in, and it's a it's it's a dangerous job, but God has given him that job and allowed him to be a witness. And I'll tell you what's happened. Brother Michael has been pretty much throughout this nation, few places overseas as well, but to be able to take that testimony, and I'm so thankful for that. Aren't you? Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of thanks. Father, thank you for your mercy, Lord. Dear God, I know that I know you will and I know you have. You've you've blessed us already with your presence, Lord. May you just, Lord, I pray be with your children. I know many, Lord. It's a maybe a longer time, but Father, I just believe, Lord, as we're in your will, we're in your presence, Lord. Oh God, it's unlimited, Father, of the things that you have done and ministered to our lives. If your prophet could tell us that it would only took Moses five minutes in your presence and he learned more in that time than he did in all the time in Egypt. Lord, what has it been for us even here this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. Father, to know that there's no situation too dark, no pit deep enough, and we're witnesses of that, Lord. We thank you for bringing brother Michael here with us, Lord. I pray that God may the testimony just continue to re reverberate, Lord, through hearts and lives. I pray, God, help us. I pray Lord sometimes I would say brother Alfred if he would have known that that's what you would have had him do everything he would have had to have gone through for there to be 200 and more individuals that he baptized to see this here with brother Michael but I'm reminded you put Joseph in prison to preserve life you sent Paul and Silas they were beaten they went to the Philippian jail because there was a jailer down there you needed to get the gospel to That's right. You put Lord Daniel and them in Babylon because you eventually knew there was going to be some wise men and they would need to hear a prophecy. It would continue to be resounded and then when they would see that star, something would grip their hearts and they would follow that star. Lord, there's nothing by coincidence or chance with you. Help us, Lord, that Father, not only to be as recipients of the light, but Lord, to be vessels. Lead us, Lord. Hallelujah. Everywhere we go, we don't know, Lord. Sometimes the storm we've walked in, maybe every Monday morning, that might be the very day where there is an elect child of God that Lord Jesus our pathway will cross. We never know. But Father, I'd say it like this. Even if it's not someone as elect, maybe they're just ordained to a certain portion of light, may our light cause them to seek you, Lord, with everything that is allotted to them. I pray Bless your children. Bless the different ones, Lord, as we travel on the roads. Be with brother Michael and his family, Lord, through this time. We pray, God, we love you and we thank you. Bless them, Lord. And we just love you. We commit this service into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And then God bless you. Shake hands with one another as you go. Amen. Brother Michaels out there. Where glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I lay my burden down with glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I lay all my burden down, I'm singing hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm feeling better. I'm feeling better. So much better. Since I lay my burden down. Oh, I'm feeling better. [Music] So much better since I laid since I laid my heavy burden down. I'm singing hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. The word I'm going to sing. Well, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting for one thing that I know that in my soul as long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. Oh. I sing it. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Yes, I'm going to sing. Trles. I had trials. Every day I wore a frown. [Music] But I took my troules to Jesus. That's when I burdens down. Oh, sing it. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Oh yes, Lord. I've got the victory. Oh yes. Oh, I've got the victory. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, I've got the victory. Oh, I've got the victory. I got the victory. Well, since I laid my heavy burdens down, I've seen as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. Well, one thing that I know, hold that dream down in my soul. As long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Lord, I'm going to sing. Well, glory, glory. Well, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Since I since I had laid my burdens down, well, glory, glory, glory, glory, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down, yes. Glory, glory, glory, glory, hallelujah, hallelujah. Since I since I had laid my burdens down. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens out. Oh, since I lay. Since I burn it down, [Music] well, I'm going with Jesus. with Jesus all the
