################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Lamp Trimming Time - Samuel Browning - Lamp Trimming Time, Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   Lamp Trimming Time - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Lamp Trimming Time, Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLAlXQgOcGU
========================================

[Music] As I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary, through that crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There I'll sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Lift my voice, scares all past at last, ever to rejoice. When in service for my Lord, the dark car may be denied. Oh, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me life. Satan snares may fix my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. of my Lord goes ahead leaves what every time and oh I want to see him look upon his face there I'll sing forever of his saving hallelujah the streets of earth oh let me live my voice cares all pass at last ever to rejoice when in valleys low I look toward the mountain high and I behold my savior there he's leading in the fire and with a tender hand I'll stretch before the valley low church he's guiding me I can't see as I onward go oh I want to see him yes there I'll sing forever Ever of his saving grace of you. Glory. Let me lift my voice. Tears all pass. Home at last. Ever to rejoice. When before me pillows rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my bar. He does safely he. And he leads me gently on through this world alone. Yeah, he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. And oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Hallelujah. There I'll sing forever of his saving grace of glory. Let me lift my voice. Care's all bad. Home at last. Let's sing that third verse again. When in valleys low, I look to the mountain high. And I behold my savior there. He's leading in the fire. With a tender hand now stretched toward my valley low. Oh, he's guiding me. I can see as I onward go. Yes. So I want to see him upon his face and sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass at last. One more time. Yes. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Cuz there I'll sing forever of amazing grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last ever to rejoice. My cares all pass. I'm home at last. Ever to [Music] rejoice. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Going up yonder. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's sing just a little bit of that. Amen. I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. Oh, I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my second verse. Brandon. Second verse. Oh, I can take the pain. All the heartaches they bring. Oh, there's comfort in knowing I'll soon be gone. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. As God gives me praise. Every day I'll run my Christian race until I see my savior face to face. Yes, I'm going up. Going up. Yes, I'm going up [Music] yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. Oh, I'm going up [Music] yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Let's all stand together. Sing. Going in the rapture. I'm going in a rapure. Yes. I'm going in the rapture. Oh, I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. Oh, sing it again. Let the devil hear you this morning. I'm going in the rapture. Yeah. I'm going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapture. Be with my Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. Praise God. Yes, sir. We have so many great promises this morning. Amen. Amen. God bless y'all. It's good to see everybody at the house of the Lord today. Amen. It's wonderful to be here. Amen. Amen. Brother Shane, would you come and open a prayer, brother? Sorry, I forgot to ask him beforehand. God bless him. Thank you, brother. Amen. Sister Naomi says, "Please pray for my children. My son is going through a deep depression in his mind. The Lord knows God can deliver him and sister this morning." God bless sister Naomi. Let's play pray for her son this morning. Sure, God can deliver that. Absolutely. Hallelujah. Sister Maria uh has a testimony here. She says, "I'd like to thank everyone for your prayers. The Lord touched me on Friday, and I was able to get up and stand without holding on to something." Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm about 50% better, but I'm claiming the complete heal. So, she's claiming, she feels 50%, she's claiming the other 50%. Right? Praise God. Amen. I believe I'm coming to my complete healing. God bless you, Sister Maria. Good to see you, sister Maria this morning. God bless you. Appreciate our sister. Amen. Amen. Believe God will bring that other 50%. Sister Stephanie says, "Please continue to pray for my friend Heather, for my grandson, Jesse Ramsey, and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord." We'll continue to pray for that, sisters. Stephanie, Brother Bill says, "Please pray for uh Brother Doug Keagle." Oh, Brother Doug Crow. Brother Doug. Yeah, he's not feeling well. Amen. We'll pray for Brother Doug this morning. Amen. And how many has a need on your heart? You didn't write something down. How many says, "Lord, I had a busy week. I had a crazy week. I had it just trials this week. Lord, I want to have a meeting with you this morning. I want to leave it all behind. And I want to have a one-on-one with you this morning, Jesus. He's come here this morning to meet with every one of us." He's a personal God. Amen. We worship him together as a body, but he's a personal God one-on-one for each of us. Let's all just trust him and reach out to him this morning. Amen. Thank you, brother Shane. Appreciate Just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we are so thankful, so privileged to be here, Lord, to worship you in the freedom, Lord, the liberty that we have. Amen. Lord, all these requests, Lord, you knew about it before the situation happened. And just we remember that, Father, as we bring these requests before you, let your will be done, Father, and these requests of salvation of loved ones. And Lord, if not for your grace, Lord, we wouldn't be here either, Lord. And you can, you're still moving. You're still saving souls. You're still dealing with hearts and lives, Lord. And for Sister Maria, we thank you for your healing. And Lord, just believe it's done. Believe it's complete, Father. And Lord, we just agree with the testimony. Lord, may you speak through our pastor this morning, Lord. We we just create an atmosphere, Lord, where he can just as soon as he steps up, Father, just get going. And Father, just we ready to receive your word, Lord. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Yes. He gives me peace in the midst of my soul. God bless you all. You may be seated. God bless him. They take up ti and offering. It's my anchor. The rock I build by faith upon. Jesus arrives in my vessel. That's why I feel no long. He gives me peace in the midst of my soul. Let me say it again. Oh, he gives me peace in the midst of my soul. Oh, he's my anchor and he's the rock. I build my hallelujah. Glory. Well, Jesus Christ in my vessel. So I feel no long gives me peace in the midst of the stor in my vessel. In him oh I can hide. He gives me peace in the midst of my storm. In the morning when I rise. Yes. In the morning. When I rise. In the morning. [Music] I give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, give me Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. All you can have. all this world. Just give me Jesus. When I'm alone. When I am alone, Lord. When I am alone. Oh, when I am. Oh, thank you, Lord. Just give me Jesus. Oh, give me [Music] Jesus. Give me [Music] Jesus. Oh, you can have all. Hallelujah. All this world. Just give me Jesus. Hallelujah. And when I come to die. Oh, when I come to die. And when I Oh, hallelujah. Oh, just give me Jesus. Give me [Music] [Applause] peace. Praise Jesus. You can have all this world. Said you can have all this world. Oh, you can take this whole world. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. How many says amen to that? Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Let's sing. Of course, God is your oasis. My dad's coming to sing a special for us this morning. Brother Tom has got a special for us. Amen. We'll get [Music] the Amen. Well, God, your That's right. In my dry places, flowers [Music] grow. Oh, God. is my [Music] oases where his grace is living water. Oh, that sounds good. Let's sing one more time. Oh, I said God is [Music] your ines. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He's your [Music] always God. [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay. Uh, this is a song. It's a period song. Sister White She wrote this many, many years ago, but still true today because today we get on the internet and everybody's the prophet now. Everybody's got a message. That's right. But we know that God sent Elijah to Elijah. Hallelujah. Elijah. Amen. Amen. There are many voices in land [Music] today of God. There man may wait, denying the Holy Ghost. [Music] the things he would do. But Elijah has told us, check it out by God's word. See if it's true. Hallelujah. And there is a resting place. Amen. Hallelujah. There is a test in place within the word of God. Amen. For man [Music] today. This message an angel brought to all mankind. He taught. If you can receive it, the voice of God in these last days and of all the [Music] ages, this one's most deceived. But God sent us Elijah, [Music] but they can't believe In darkness they [Music] wonder for the blind cannot [Music] see. The Elijah was sent to God's elect. Amen. To those that believe. There is a testing place. There is a resting place within the word of God for man today. This message an angel brought to all mind. If you can receive it, the voice of God in these last days, if you can receive it, the voice of God in these last [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Godl. How many is thankful for that light today? Hallelujah. And I was saying yesterday my son graduated. We went to the graduation ceremony down there at uh Christian Academy and the first song they had us sing was that song, Holy, Holy, Holy. And at the end of the verse it says blessed Trinity. The blessed everybody there was singing it. And I realized that and they don't even realize that God's not three. He's one. And just so many of them that nobody even stumbled over it. But I'm just so thankful for what God's revealed to us this day. It shall be light in the evening time. It's a fact that God and Christ are one. It shall be light in the evening time. The path to glory you will surely find. Oh, through the waterway there's a light today. baptized in Jesus name. Young and old, repent of all your sins and the Holy Ghost shall enter in. For the evening time has come, but it's a fact that God and Christ are one. Have you said and often wondered why the power is slack today? Would you stay in that back number and go on man ways? Oh soul who never has been baptized in the precious name of God. Let his truth now sanify you. This is the way the apostles tried. Well, it shall be light in the evening time. The path to glory you will surely find. Hallelujah. Go through the waterway. There's a light today. Baptize in Jesus name. Young and old. Repent of all your sins and the Holy Ghost will enter in. For the evening light has come. Oh, it's a fact that God Oh, help me sing one more time, church. I'm a little happy this morning. It shall be life in the evening time. The path to glory you will surely find. For through the waterway there's a light today. I've been baptized in Jesus name. Repent of all your sin and the Holy Ghost will enter in. For the evening time has come. Oh, it's a fact that God and Christ are one. Oh yes, my evening lights has come. Yeah. It's a fact that God and Christ are one. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for your revelation, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. Well, nobody loves me like you love me, Jes. Thank God for him revealing that to you. I stand in all your amazing ways. I'll worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. the morning. I see you in the sunrise every morning. And it's like a picture that you painted for me. Oh, glory. A love letter in the sky. [Music] Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. I standing on your amazing way. Oh, and I'll worship you as long as I Well, God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like [Applause] mountains. You're breaking down the weight of all my mountain. Hallelujah. And even when it looks like I'm surrounded, oh, you never leave my side. For nobody loves me like you love me, G. Oh, hallelujah. I stand in all your amazing ways. I'll worship [Music] you long as I am free. Oh, you're worthy, Lord Jesus. Oh God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me well. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jes. I stand I stand in all your amazing ways. Hallelujah. I'll worship you as long as I am. Oh, sing it out now, church. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like one more time. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like [Music] you. Oh, hallelujah. Oh Jesus, we love you this morning. Can we sing one more praise song before brother Sam? Okay, he's coming. Let's invite Brother Samuel out. We want to get to the word this morning. If you didn't hear that service on Thursday, go back and listen to that. I just love what what God laid out. I just it just it touched my heart and and just just opened my eyes to to to the spirit and the gifts and things and separation. Just wonderful. If you get a chance, go back and listen to that. I want to sing that song though this morning. I haven't sang this morning in a while. I used to sing this a lot. Uh I love to praise his name. I I may say that this morning. Sometimes you may not feel like it. I feel like it this morning. I feel like giving him a little bit of praise. Goodbye, brother Samo. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh yeah. Let me start off. I love to praise him. I love to praise his name. I love to praise him. Oh, I love to praise his name. I love to praise him. I love to praise his name. Well, I love to praise his Oh, let's say right there. I love to praise him. I love to praise his name. I love to praise him. I love to praise his name. I love to praise him. I love to praise his name. I love to praise his holy name. I love to give him glory. Hallelujah. I love to praise his name. I love to give him the glory. I love to praise his name. I love to give him the [Music] glory. Oh, I love to praise his holy name. Oh, he's my rock, my rock, my rock and shield. He's my wheel. Yes, sir. In the middle of the wheel. He won't ever never let me down. He's just a joy. Oh, and I have found Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. I love to praise his name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I love to praise his name. Yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love to praise his name. Well, I want to give him some glory this morning. I love to give him the glory. I love I love to give him I love to give him the [Music] glory. Yeah. I love to praise his holy. Let's talk about Jesus now. Oh, he's my rock. My rock. My rock. And sword and shield. He's my wheel. Yes, sir. My will in the middle of the wheel. He won't ever No, never let me down. He's just a joy. Oh, I love to praise him. I love to praise him. I love to praise him. Oh, I love to praise his name. Love to praise him. I love to praise his name. Yes. I love to praise his holy name, church. I love to praise that holy one [Applause] name. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing that little song. I want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like. Praise God. That's it's our desire. How many believes that word's going to mold you this morning? Make you more like him, more into his image. Amen. I want to be more like you, Jesus. I as our pastor comes. Want to be more like you. Want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you. Help me, Lord, please. I want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be like you. Oh, let's dedicate ourselves to him now. Oh, I want to be more like you. My Jesus, I want to be more like you. Oh Lord, I want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be more like you. Yes. I want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be more like you. See that old song. All I want to do is love him. All I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Let's all stand together. So every day my heart will praise him. I know I'll never be the same. Yes, Lord Jesus. All I want to do is love him. of his holy name. And all I want you to do is love. Bless you. So glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. Every day I will praise him for I know I'll never be the same. All to do is love him for his glory. So every day my heart praise him. No I'll never be the same. All I want to do is love him. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. If that's truly from our hearts, what a blessed people. Amen. Our desire is to walk in the light as he's in the light and to please him. Amen. There's no greater no greater joy, no greater desire. And one of these moments ah we we'll receive a body that'll match what's on the inside. Yes, sir. Amen. What God has done on the inside of our life. And to think about it, we'll we'll come into a place not only into a body, but then into the place where he has prepared and coming into that place, the wedding supper, the millennium. Oh my. And my goodness. And then from there into the future home. Hallelujah. What great promises await us. Amen. This is why that that everything within us is pressed towards the mark pre because it's it's worth it's worth more than anything in this life our soul and being in God's presence. And you know the good thing about it is when as that change comes over you you you'll not be you'll no longer be worrying about what you do on your daily routine. It'll be gone just like that. Be gone. You know, you might be on your way to do the dishes or get them out of the out of the the dishwasher. You might be on your way, you know, on the way going to work. How God has all that set. You know, there's not going to be planes wrecking and cars crashing. It's a secret going away. Yes, sir. Oh my. Has God has everything so arranged and so prepared. Oh my. And I'll tell you, we're not going to look back with dread. Oh, I wish I could have just worked a little bit more. I ah my I could have Oh man, if I'd have had this, I had no all of those things will fade away. You know what's tremendous is it's fading away even now. The more as we come into his presence, it's more of losing sight of ourselves and the real blessing and reality of what it means to be united with him. Don't you love him? Amen. Hallelujah. I'm so glad this message has provided us a place and that place is in him because that's who this message is all about. Amen. It's about Jesus Christ and his grace. Amen. So good to be together, isn't it? Amen. God has given us a a beautiful day, a little chilly, and I hopefully things will kind of balance out with the weather here eventually, but uh my it's just I'm glad that we're heading towards warmer days. Amen. So, we just thank God for his mercy. Amen. And so, we want to uh invite you into the word here this morning. And brother Brian had mentioned there uh with um not only Silas had graduated yesterday, but then Jonathan as well has graduated. And so these two young men, well, they're already set enrolled in the programs they're going into in college. And so we're just so proud of them. Amen. That the journey that they've come through. And um you know I thought when I sat there yesterday and um you know we've come through two already ourselves and you know you realize that uh the parents really deserve a a real pat on the back for all of the come on don't hit the stew button one more time. Come on. You know and uh but really within all of those things I tell you it's it's worth it. It's worth it isn't it? Amen. Well, some of you about part of you said amen. Two or three. You are in a in a big fix right now if your parents aren't saying amen to that. But uh it's just good to be together. Amen. Let's um let's turn to Matthew 25. Just have a little something on our hearts that um want to speak and hear this morning. And uh oh, we have it there already. and um just see how the Lord will will take us uh within this portion of the scripture. Amen. Let's just if you don't mind, I'd like to pray before I begin reading this here. So, if you want to put your finger there. Heavenly Father, Lord, how we thank you for this privilege and the opportunity that we have to be able to come together. Lord, I thank you father that God that as we are gathered together. Brother Brian mentioned something Lord when singing and such as Lord that it was a a morning that oh God he was heart was just Lord just always just just a bubbling over and feel like worshiping and and there's times Lord when we don't there's times Lord that Father when we are weary or tired or pressures of life but that's when it's a sacrifice Lord and Father it's as you wrote in your word that it's with such sacrifices that you're well pleased. So I pray that God, no matter this morning, if we're in a place where it's just coming out awful easy or we're in a place, Lord, to where that my it's a sacrifice. Oh God, let us Lord realize that Father, it's you that looks on the heart. And father with the things that goes beyond our feelings when we sacrifice Lord in the raising of our hands and Lord the singing Lord of our voice and to be in the house of God to press beyond Lord our feelings and all the thoughts and suggestions of mine just to get into your presence Lord for Lord it's in your presence and Father what a blessing it is to be able to gather together with brothers and sisters ers of like precious faith Lord there's a current of the Holy Spirit that moves Lord that quickening power that flows through the body that Lord Jesus where as your prophet told us when more of believers are come together it's an assembling of more of the Godhead among us so Lord Jesus we believe Lord yielding our lick of fire oh God beyond every every circumstance of life we want to yield Lord, right here in this moment. And I pray that God that even as sister Maria's testified, Lord, a 50% Lord, oh God, like your prophet said, wiggle the finger, the end of it, then you can wiggle the whole finger. Lord, we're believing, Father, not only for Sister Maria, a complete healing, oh God, that even as the word is going forth, for you've set your word to heal your people, but Lord, we're believing God for healing of soul, spirit, and body, Lord, among your children this morning, Lord. I pray that God, that you would just hide us behind the cross of Calvary, Lord. And may you be lifted up, Lord. May you be lifted higher than every question, every problem, every circumstance, Lord. And may we Lord be as standing there on Mount Transfiguration see you only Lord. Oh granted Lord we pray this morning. We give ourselves to you Lord and ask that you'll just now take us in the further part of this service Lord and may you Lord bring forth the achievement that you have purposed. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Matthew 25 and verse one, the scripture says, "Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto 10 virgins which took their lamps and went forth to meet the bridegroom. And five of them were wise, and five were foolish. They that were foolish took their lamps and took no oil with them. But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps. And while the bridegroom tried, they all slumbered and slept. And at midnight there was a cry made, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh, go ye out to meet him." Amen. Then all those virgins arose and trimmed their lamps. And the foolish said unto the wise, "Give us of your oil, for our lamps are gone out." Now, I want you to notice that. Their lamps were burning. But they went out. But the wise answered and said, "Not so, lest there be not enough for us and you. But go you rather to them that sell and buy for yourselves. Now I want you to notice how this verse is written. It's an evidence right here to where that they the wise was able to speak to the foolish and tell them what to do. They knew where the place was at. The wise knew where the place was at. They also knew both wise and foolish what was required in order to receive oil. Now it's true. The oil is without money or price, but the cost of it is our own will, our own life. That's right. And so, notice this. It wasn't just that the foolish were just standing there like, "Oh, I I was unaware of this." They knew this all along. Go ye rather to them that sell and buy for yourselves. And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came, and they that were ready went in with him in the marriage, and the door was shut. Afterward came also the other virgin, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us. But he answered and said, "Verily I say unto you, I know you not." That word know means was never any relationship. That's so good. Watch therefore, for you know, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of Man cometh. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word. As you're being seated, I want to read one more portion of scripture here and this is out of 1 Thessalonians chapter 4 and verse 15- 18. For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout and with the voice of the archangel and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Now to understand just to pause just a moment that the rapture itself is not just a moment. It's an event that's going on. As a matter of fact, when this this scripture here in the opening of the seals as it takes place in Revelations 10 and Revelations 5. And this is why the prophet would say concerning taking that book in Revelations 5, it's the most sublime act that has been done. So redemption was paid at Calvary and the lamb is seated on the mercy seat until every name has been thoroughly redeemed. Now that's the words from souls in prison. What does brother Bannon mean by thoroughly redeemed? It's already they have already been claimed. The blood has already been shed and been claimed. But when the Holy Spirit searches out the names on that book, then once the new birth has come, because only the elect of God, the names on that book, they're the only ones that can be born again because they're the only ones that have something to quicken. Then that's when they we have been thoroughly redeemed and that's where redemption and it manifests itself. It redemption is not just a teaching it's a manifestation. It's a it's a declaration that you when redemption has come and when the spirit of God begins to take hold upon our life through justification then through sanctification more of the same spirit then the baptism of the Holy Ghost and leading into the adoption of the person of Christ himself. It is a reflection of redemption where we are no longer our own. Amen. We have always belonged to him. We were always sheep, but we've always sons, but God sending his word makes us aware of who we are. And what rights belong to us as the children of God. See, that's how we approach the word is by faith. And nothing can bring faith outside of hearing the word of God. And it's the spirit of God quickening the word, delivering that word that causes our faith to rise in the promise that's being waved before us so that we can walk to that promise with an assurance. I know who I am. I know what belongs to me and I'm going to receive it. Amen. See, that's the work of God. A church cannot bring that but God's presence. See, this is why that the fulfillment of the word, God has laid it upon himself. When he gave a promise, the prophet would say it like this. When God gives a promise, it is God committing himself. So every word such as even healing, deliverance, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, rapture, every word that God has given, it is God committing himself to see that word through. Amen. And he will not fail. He cannot fail because he is his word. And heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall never fail. Amen. Amen. That's why brother Brandon will quote he said the the the the colored gentleman he said as he said I would rather be standing on the word of God than to be standing on earth or even in the heavens. He said because they will pass away but the word shall not pass away. Amen. There's not been one promise that God ever made that he's failed to keep. Right. Failures and things that we see is not continuing on and trusting God in the midst of every circumstance because every promise that God begins to make known to our lives, there is always going to be a battle that comes with it. Oh yeah. Satan can come with mind battles. situations can arise in your life to try to break and bring a distraction from what is really true eternal riches. And that's the promise that God is bringing before us. Now, let me just go on and read here because this this promise in this here, as I said, the rapture is not just an event as far as just just just something of a moment. It's a climaxing because the rapture is what started as the prophet tells us in the seventh seal when the seals have been open and Christ himself right among us that has now set the cycle of the rapture in motion. Amen. There's already been a catching away not just from denominationalism but there is a catching away from our own nature. That's right. There's a grace that God has given in this hour. That is a measure that he promised that there would be a bride upon earth that would make herself ready. And if she is to make herself ready, then the material has to be here in order for her to make herself ready. And he's Jehovah Gyra. Is that right? He's Jehovah Gyra. So here we see with this scripture, for the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout. Right? If you want, turn over in your Bibles to Revelations 10. Let's just go there a moment. And I'm not going to read this whole portion, but I want to but I want to just refer to there because sometimes I I don't want to be take for granted or to assume. But here in Revelations 10 after what takes place in Revelations 5 where uh the where the book is taken in Revelations 5 and the seals are open in Revelations 10:1. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with the cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open, and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth. And you look and say why is it a little book? This is the book of redemption. Hallelujah. But a little book, it refers and speaks expressly that this coming is for the bride. This this this is why this is why the message remember brother Brandham was kind of being pressured of why don't you go out in the nerve centers? Why don't you take this out there? Why don't you and brother Brandham simply says it just like this. It isn't their food. Wow. That's spiritual food in deceased and choosing a bride knoweth it not. Those very things man's filter over and over. You see good intentions but to understand this word is not a word that has come to persuade people or to push people. But you see, as all along when God begins to make his word known, that's why the Holy Ghost is the most important part of the church of the living God. As a matter of fact, it is the Holy Ghost that makes the church of the living God. And the Holy Ghost is the word himself living right among us and through us. It's him that does the work, not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's the Holy Spirit that can take a stony heart and soften that heart and give you a new spirit. And then he himself sat down and change your nature. It's the Holy Spirit that can take when we're right in the midst of a time of gloom and a time where we feel like giving up and a time where we see no way out. The Holy Spirit is the one who comes and reminds us and breaks back the scales that we can see that the vision is just as sure when it was spoken and delivered and moved in our hearts. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are under the administration of the son of man. Amen. Hallelujah. This is Christ himself our Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Now verse three, it said a crowd with a cried with a loud voice as when a lion roarth. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. That's God's that's the voices of God. This is a complete revelation in this hour. Now he goes on even in verse four. I was about to write those things, but he said, "Seal it up uh which the seven thunders uttered and write them not." And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth, lifted up his hand to heaven, and swear by him that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven, the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that are therein, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer, no longer delayed for this revealing, that will bring rapturing faith. this revealing when this revelation it starts the church going as a matter of fact it is this breaking of the revelation as the prophet tells us in feast of the trumpets that the bride of Christ is caught up in that seventh seal revelation now listen to me terminology should not be strange to us but let me just be very simple with that seventh seal is Christ himself and when we can get a real vision of him losing sight of ourselves. We see that there is nothing in question. But there is nothing but certainty that lies ahead. That at that day you shall know that I am in my father, the father in you, and ye in me and I in you. This is that day to do what? Bring rest, bring certainty. As the prophet said, under the seventh seal is a relaxing time. Amen. It brings rest. Rest, Ruth. He will not fail to bring a full achievement. But in the days of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God will be finished as he hath declared to his servants the prophets. Deity tabernacling in flesh. Once again, this is why seminaries cannot teach the mystery of God. No, sir. That's true. It's God declaring the mystery of God himself right among us. And it lets you know, it brings to our awareness, breaking back amnesia that, hey, that's who I am. It's that eagle that's flying above. It's his presence. It's deity. the testimony of a true witness among us, the Lord Jesus Christ, that it's not a rumor. He is alive. And he's doing the same things that he did before. I'm not just talking about miracles among us, but I'm talking about the life that I live shall you live also. Hallelujah. Be of good cheer. Hallelujah. Don't be afraid because I live, you shall live also. Glory be to God. Life coming in through the body in this hour. Now in verse 8 through 11, I don't I can't read. I'm not going to read all the through that, but this is where we stand in this hour. Revelations 10 1-7, the prophet has come and he has done what God called him to do. That's right. Amen. But Revelations 8 through11 is a commissioning that where we are instructed to go take the little book. It's not going to be not going to be put in our hands. We got to take it. Amen. We have to take what has been opened. And that little book being open is that revelation of who you are. You must take that and possess that revelation. Like Paul said, I seek to apprehend that which I've been apprehended of. I count not myself to be perfect, but these things I do. I press toward the mark of the high calling. Why? Because as the bride, you are the bedding ground of the expression of the son of man. In this hour, you are the chosen bedding ground. The word has spoken. No longer in question. Hagar, Sarah, no longer in question. The word has spoken and the word has identified its bedding ground that it has provided for itself to come forth through. You're not here by chance. God knew the bed of time you'd be planted in. God even knew all the situations that would be around your life, all the gum and mock and whatever more. He even knew maybe all the religious buildup, but that cannot prevent the word of God from coming to pass. Because let me tell you something, there is nothing greater than the shakina glory of almighty God. the presence of God. That word, what's it doing? It's laying claim upon your life. It's drawing you and I cuz he said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me." Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. My Now, the Lord himself, verse 16, shall descend from heaven with a shout. That's the message of the hour. The voice of the archangel with the trump of God and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Now I'm reading this for it to to you to understand as the prophet tells us, he does all three while he's descending. So we are living in the moments of his coming. Amen. We see signs. We see things taking place. We've seen the Pope come from America. We've seen these things all along. But let me just say this. Has a real genuine believer. You know, we see prophecies. We see things laying out before us. But let me just also remind you where the prophet would tell us in the message over and over. He said, "I see not one thing left to be unfulfilled that would hinder the coming of the Lord." You know what that is? It's bringing us to a place that really there is to be ready at all times. And you know what? God allows the situations to arise around our life to remind us you've not arrived home yet. This is not your final home. This body, as much as you can pump it full of organic foods and whatever more, and I'm not against all that, but you can do all of this, but you know what? You're still not in your resting place. He said, "If I go away, I prepare a place for you. And if I go away and prepare a place, I will come again and receive you unto myself." This, listen to me, this message is a declaration of what God said he would do. And this word is echoing out that there is a place, there is a body, there is a representation, there is for every true son and daughter of God a theophony, a word body. That which is before the throne of God. Hey, listen. We've got representations in Washington that know nothing about us. Let me just don't even have to leave Lorraine. You got people sitting here that don't know nothing about us. And yet they're they're they're maybe representing our district or or whatever more. But let me tell you what you and I have before the throne of God sitting right there in heavenly places is our representation. That was which was part of God from before the foundation of the world. That theophony right there. And brother, when that word it sounds to our heart, it begins to take a hold of our life. And what happens when you have heard from your theophony? A real evidence is you leave the other thing. Hallelujah. And what you have heard has become eagle food to you. I said has it become eagle food. Have you left the other thing? Verse 17. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. Hallelujah. And so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words. Now this event the church world is there. Well many not all believe in a rapture. You could even be be incredible how some denominations will even split and they believe in a rapture. But you see, let me just say it. They can only know what light has been emitted to them and what they're ordained to know. Are you hearing me? This is why brother Brandon would call that objects of pity. not to be looked down on, but to understand God's grace that has come to you and I and the responsibility that we this word that we're under, it is a great responsibility that's placed upon us. But let me just tell you, God has not placed it upon the shoulders of our humanity. He's placed it upon his word. And there's a part of himself, which is his word, that's inside of you and I. That's right. Amen. Are you with me? Oh yes. That's why when the Holy Spirit has come, what does the Holy Ghost come to do? Manifest the word. Is that right? That's what he comes to do. He comes to make the word live. So that part of the word that was always in you, the Holy Spirit, which the living word, what does it come to do? Ignite and make it live. Just exactly what God said would do. How many of you ever had one of those seed packets from the store? Okay. about five of you, you know, cucumbers, tomatoes, or whatever. You know what? You you you look at the front of that picture, you're like, "Man, BLTs, boy, on these beef steak, tomatoes." But you know what? It starts off with little seeds. But if you'll turn that package around, that's only the picture is only showing you what's in the family album when it comes to maturity. But if you'll turn it over, there's a lot of writing. And the writing tells you of all of the stages that it will go through until it comes to that place. Cuz it ain't no such thing as instant tomatoes. That's the truth. No. Nope. Tomatoes, they got to grow. Now, I know all this hydroponic stuff and everything else. And we going to get off that, but you you you the writing is what declares what's going on. And let me tell you something. This is why when the Holy Spirit has come, you know what happens? Our life, the word and our life begin to match up. There's nothing inside of us that even if we're ignorant to something, but when the word comes across our pathway, we can say amen to the word of God. Why? Because the representation is a part of God, the word. And he is the word. It's already wrought right here in the seeds. Right. The word is a seed. I said the word is a seed. And it and it has all of the lines of maturity until eventually it comes to the place that's on the picture. Oh, there's some storms that got to go through, but it's going to come to what's on the picture. And God took a picture of you before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. And when you have a picture, then you have then a negative. And the negative has been submitted down here. And that negative is that sea, that representation that was taken of the positive. And when the negative has been fully developed in this earth, it will go to match what that picture he took. And in that body, oh, I've got a body over yonder. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Well, we're not anywhere we were where I thought we'd be, but we're right where he wants us. Hallelujah. But you see, the world is, you know, they're looking for it's going to be a trumpet step out and and blow and my the assembling. No, God is look, God is getting his people together by vindicating his word right now. Amen. Amen. God is is bringing his people together not by, you know, people going and corraling and and, you know, pulling people and no, it's God vindicating his word. Now, let me just drop this in. Okay? You think about how God will send his word. And when we look at the sovereignty of God, we know that God's plan cannot be defeated. We know that every name that is written in the lamb section of the book of life is going to be there. And when I say by being there is because they have come through the plan and approach, the provided way that God has made available to them. That's right. Is that right? They they'll come through that now with that certainty and that sovereign. What a glorious revelation the sovereignty of God is. Amen. You know, Calvin tapped into that. Yeah. And when Calvin tapped into that, it was truth. Yeah. But then Calvin got to leaning clear over to where there's a lot of different points within it, but let me just deal with this one. to where that it was, well, you know, whoever is going to be there is going to be there. Uh we don't need to have revivals anymore. We don't need, you know, it it gets to a place where then it's taking away from the word of God because God has always had a provided approach for his children. That's right. Is that right? He had the brazen serpent in the wilderness when when when when that went out, God had another thing. When the pool of Bethesdna, God would send down an angel at a certain season to stir the water. God had a provided approach. And you say, "What is that provided approach?" Is he himself coming to vindicate his word? He makes known his way of approach that I am the way. And with that coming, see that's needed. This is why it takes more than theology. That's true. I like how the prophet talks about it when he speaks of Amos and Micah and he says it was going to take more than just knowing the law and the prophets and theology to crack their stony hearts. It was going to take a thus sayaith the Lord. You say, "Isn't this thus sayaith the Lord?" It is thus sayaith the Lord. But when God himself steps forward and begins to speak his word over that generation, it's that which will break amnesia. It's his presence coming over as the great magnet that breaks back the veil. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why nothing can replace nothing can take the place of him who is the word, the Holy Spirit among us. Amen. Now this is why that even in the scriptures as we reading here in in in our text of Matthew 25 you know this is a a parable that is likened of the kingdom of heaven of where we have 10 virgins five wise five foolish and and everything is set up because like the prophet would tell us it's an eastern book and to understand it you know I I I just just put it in in simple terms like this as the Holy Spirit would direct us to bring forth certain things and bring them over. This this whole part is actually the Jewish wedding procession there in Matthew 25. It's it's a parable and it's a a procession from the bride's father's house to the groom's house. And it's at night and it's illuminated by lamps. the groom with attendance. They would arrive at the bride's house and the virgins who were essentially attendance of the bride would light the way and the arrival of the groom was announced with a cry and the procession would continue to the wedding feast. Now, what I want to speak on is lamp trimming time. Hallelujah. Now, don't get scared. Don't get scared. You say, "Brother Sammy, you've been already speaking a little while." But don't get don't get frightful. Don't get frightened. It'll be all right. It'll be all right. Look at your neighbor and say, "It'll be all right." That's right. Amen. So, the engagement has already taken place. The betroal has already happened. But the coming of the bridegroom from his house to the bride's father's house to get her is a time that is reserved that only he alone knows. That is so good. But there as the scripture says at the midnight hour there was a cry that went forth. So there had to be one that was able to alert glory and and declare the bridegroom is coming. Yes. So this whole parable of Matthew 25, we are living in the time of the fulfillment of this parable because never even though the coming of the Lord has been preached through every age and they looked for it. They lived for it. As a matter of fact, in taking sides with Jesus, the prophet said they went in the ground running, and when the resurrection comes, they'll keep they'll come right out running in stride just like they were. Paul believed the coming of the Lord was in his day, right? They they did not have the understanding it's going to be at the end down here, right? But all of the prophets all along have looked forward to this moment and to this time. Hey, listen. This is a glorious time. This is the effects of redemption that's been going on down through the ages where the Holy Spirit has been assembling and taking a people for his name's sake. And he's been building his own body by his word. And now he's coming as as the head of that body as as to declare this is my crowning achievement. This is the trophy of my grace. This is what what has been produced by my word. Oh hallelujah. We are going to stand there and he will present unto himself our glorious church without spot, wrinkle or blemish. Amen. Amen. And it all starts with an inside work. But this lamp trimming time where the there would be one that would declare it. It's the midnight cry. It's the announcement. The coming of the Lord is on. But to recognize that when the coming of the Lord, it is a process. The Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout. and how that God so said it all through the scriptures, he's placed it, it would be a sudden secret going away. It said it we would come as a thief in the night all the way through the scripture. So it's not something that it is as it were an announcement to the whole world. Yet this message has went seven times around this world. Now you say, "Well, how does that parallel sudden secret going away from the church?" The prophet tells us that there was people on the radios announcing that that that that Japan was on its way to Pearl Harbor. He said, "But what it was, they had left their post and they didn't believe there was any imminent threat and they went down there and were drinking and everything else going on." He said, "What it was is they failed to hear the message in the message Amen. Amen. That's what's important is hearing the message inside of the message. I say, listen friends, if there's anything, let us be humble in this moment. If if we've not heard it to that place, say, God, let me hear the message. Within the message, let me hear his voice. Amen. Because the message is not a some sort of a ritual or a form. It's God. Amen. It's the mystery of God tabernacling in flesh once again. Amen. There's forms of godliness all around us. But they deny the mystery of God. Deny the power thereof. Rituals, forms, and everything. We're living in the time when the announcement has been made. We're not looking that as far the coming of the Lord. The coming of the Lord is upon us. Now, we understand, you know, people sometimes get all messed up with things about we we understand the corporal body hasn't come yet. We can read that and know that within the word and the message cuz we know that our change comes before we ever meet him in the air. Amen. And not only does our change come before we ever meet him in the air and see him in his corporal body, but we're going to be gathered with the saints for a period of time, 30 to 40 days upon this earth. And he ain't going to put his feet upon this earth. We rise to meet him. He already has the place provided between the heavens and the earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That is so good. So this processional that has gone forth, let me just drop a few things. There's an awareness by wise and foolish, right? They're aware of his coming, right? So it's not that the foolish were unaware of his coming. True. What it was is they were unprepared for what they had been hearing. Now, God sends his word to you and I. And I want you just to think of this here. I I I'm just going to eventually if if if time carries, I display maybe a picture, but that's about it. I just want you to listen. I'm just going to go as he moves me through some of these things. I want you to think of this wise and foolish virgin. Virgin meaning that they were clean, sanctified, living people. wise and foolish. So they were both were sanctified but the difference was is the wise had oil in their vessels and the foolish had but let it go out now let's just let's look at this just for a few moments. Everybody with me? The B says this in the in in in the church ages exposition. And he says it's the second resurrection wherein the five foolish come up and notice that they were virgins. They did not have the Holy Spirit. So they missed being in the bride. While the five wise who had oil became a part of that bride. But these people, he's talking about the foolish being a separated god living God-loving people and trying to abide in the word according to what they knew of it and being a help in the work of the Lord will come up at the end time. They will miss the millennium which you can begin to see by these truth is much more important and wonderful than we have ever thought or believed. Now let me just say this to you. The foolish never thought they were foolish. That's right. They never thought they were foolish. However that they lived their life, it was definitely a life that was lived with unpreparedness and with the thought of I'll be able to move in the last moments. And the thing about it is, let me just drop, let me just say this, right? You say, "Brother Samuel, what's wrong with that thinking? Why would you want to prepare for something in the last moments that you don't even want to be a part of now? That's true. I mean the you that that's the same way with the Holy Ghost. See the Holy Ghost doesn't come if you don't want him. But if you want him, he'll come. He's the one that'll create that longing. See this is why when Jesus said whom the world cannot receive and the prophet picks it up in the message the comforter he said see if the love of the world is still there he won't come but it has to come to that place that I want to be where he's at I want him I want him more than anything in my life he'll come listen the Holy Ghost is not a hard thing that's right it requires death to ourselves that I'm I'm finished being me Right. Right. That includes maybe all of all reasonings and and maybe even things that we've rested on and it's not line up and we get to a spot and say, "Wait a minute. I don't matter." Everything. What matters is is the Holy Ghost is the oil. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. And I tell you what, I want more of it. Amen. Hallelujah. I love what it's done in my life and what it's doing. I want more of it. Amen. I see it taking over more of Samuel and changed in Samuel more and more and more. I want more of it. You say you sound like an addict. Exactly. Right. And I don't have to go to some hidden place or somewhere out here to get it. It's right there. We are in contact with the fountain that is open in the house of David. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Now notice brother said regarding these foolish virgins said all these people they had their names in the book of life and their names remained. And he goes but whose names did not remain? It was those of the world system churches who fought the bride will be those whose names are removed. That is who will lose out. They will be cast into the lake of fire. Brother goes in to say let's take another step. First of all, now this is where he goes through the four four four four groupings of people and he'll pick up here with with the second class or the foolish virgin in a moment. He says, "First of all, we know assuredly that the purpose of God stands in election. It was purpose in himself. It was God's purpose to bring forth a people like unto himself that would be a word bride. She was chosen before the foundation of the world in him. She was fornown and beloved before she was ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth. She was redeemed by his blood and can never come into condemnation. She can never be in the judgment because sin cannot be imputed unto her. We could go on in another part. Now, brother Bam says secondly, there is another class. Their names are also in the book of life and they will come up in the second resurrection. This is why the Bible says, "Blessed are they who have part in the first resurrection." Amen. That's part of the rapture, a designation. This is why Paul would say in the book of of of of Philippians and would speak of the pressing. He said, "Not that as though that I have, you know, not already attained, but he's pressing that he might be delivered out of that second resurrection and into the first resurrection." Most of you know where I'm talking about in the scripture and the prophet picks that up and and gives us the good commentary on that. Secondly, there's another class. Their names are also in the book of life and they will come up in the second resurrection. Such are the foolish virgins and the righteous as are spoken of in Matthew 25. In this class also are those who do not worship the beast or become involved in the antichrist system but die for their faith even though they are not in the bride. Now remember when the rapture comes what does it say in the book of Daniel? They that are holy holy still. That's bride, right? They that are righteous still be righteous. That's foolish virgin. They that are filthy be filthy still. See, remember it turns to the Jews. When the bride is taken in rapture, the same Holy Spirit moves now and anoints those two witnesses of Revelations 11. And they begin to preach the true atonement. Amen. The baptism of the Holy Ghost to the 144,000. Yes. Glory. Is that right? There will not be any saving going on among the Gentiles. Yet, the prophet tells us they'll go on preaching and holding altar calls and believing they're getting saved. You know why? Because they're doing it right now. Now, you're saying, Brother Samuel, that there can't be people that can be saved if they're trusting on the Lord Jesus Christ. now. Are you with me? Now, but let's just be honest. There's a lot of things that we come down to. You realize a lot of it there can be a lot of things that can just be an emotional workup. But let me just say this to you. Let me just say this. There's going to be a lot of individuals that'll be saved because there's a lot in the book, the book of life. It's not the little book of life. The little book is that lamb section. That's the elect. But the grace of God that came for you and I has spilled over. [Applause] That don't bother me a bit. I'm happy about that. Yes, sir. Don't bother me a bit cuz you know what? Him saving somebody up, that makes me proud of my daddy. Hallelujah. We might only be able to fellowship about salvation, but I know what that is. I can fellowship with you. My life or your life even sometimes in expressing the gospel. You feel defeated. Well, well, they they they they they didn't come to the message. That may not be their allotted part. Don't try to put pieces where they don't belong. Just shine your light in humility. because it can be the very light being emitted through our lives that will actually cause someone to seek for salvation. They won't be part of the rapture, but at least they come into a place of salvation. That's a whole separate messages, but I'm so to me I I'm grateful. Oh, it's not you and I that's controlling who's in and who's out. You know what it is? Preach the word. Just preach the gospel. Let the wave sheep be cast over the people. God declares who is his. Hallelujah. When amnesia breaks away from our life. Oh, glory be to God. So good. Brother Bram says here in this class, you know, they'll not be part of that antichrist system. Nope. As a matter of fact, let me come back to my point. The prophet said they'll be hunted down like dogs. That's right. And they'll have to give their life for it. Amen. What they believe. Now, I tell you friends, the thing that's really quite pinching is for that of foolish virgin that's set right around this message. Because that's where the thought's going to come. I thought there was a rapture and it's already come and you missed it. It's sobering. But that's a good sobering. It's good to have moments of reflection cuz we're living we're living in an age that's about making everybody feel good. It's all about your feelings. Everything's You know what? Let's cast aside that lady of seeing spirit. What I'm interested in as I'm interested in knowing where I'm standing today. Amen. Oh, brother Samuel. I'm not worried about yesterday. Today. Amen. today, right now to moment, this moment now, not having been born again, but they will come up in the se second resurrection and go into eternal life. Now, so they're they're virgins, good, clean, living people, but they never went all the way with God. Amen. Now, in the scriptures, the Bible tells us what the oil of God is. In Ephesians 4:30, it says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you're sealed until the day of redemption." And he in Ephesians 1 and13, it says, "In whom you also trusted after that you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation." Brienne, if you want to switch that over and pull that up on the screen, that's fine. and that I can always take it back from you when whenever I need it because this is an important this is an important scripture right here. After that you've heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation and whom also after that ye believed you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. So believing is not the seal. That's Ephesians 1:13. But believing you, the Bible said, "He that cometh to God must first believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him." Right? Down there in Acts chapter 19, they believed. And that's a start. You've got to believe. You can't approach without first believing. This is why that when God takes a hold of a person's life, it's wonderful to feel your sins lifted and justification. But what made you do everything in the first place is still there. Amen. That's so true. Sanctification is what a further working of the Holy Spirit to clean out all the unclean habits. And habits are spirits. Come on. These ain't mountain words. That's what it is. It isn't just somebody going through a reformation. And let me just say this to you in this way. When the gospel is being preached and even when the word will begin to be agreed with, the spirit of God being preached will cast away the spirit from a heart that desires to be saved. And as that word is going forth, because there's nothing greater than washing of water by the word, when that heart begins to agree with the word, the unclean spirit, the Bible said, not when the unclean spirit was cast out, but when the unclean spirit left. Amen. Oh, I tell you, if there's one thing about it, agreeing with the word, if there's one thing we want to do is make devils uncomfortable. You agreeing with the word of God, yielding to the word of God. Listen, don't let the devil back you up and say, "You're still doing this." You're looking at the word and saying, "Amen to the word." How do you know you saying amen at that moment? So be it that the amen himself won't come right down there and take that habit out of your life. He's a sanctifier. Sanctify them through thy word. Thy word is truth. He's still the same God that has saraphins that take live coals from the altar to the lips. Lord Jesus. G. Is that right? Yes, sir. Hallelujah. So, begin to agree with the word and devils begin to leave. Yeah. They leave. They aren't cast out. They leave on their own accord. I know there's casting out devils. But the prophet takes us that when that unclean spirit has gone out, he said, see, it left on its own accord. But the thing of it is is once the devil has gone out, That's a time to get really desperate about getting filled. That's right. Because the devil will come right back and he finds the house all garnished. That's right. It ain't a house that's laying around with trash bags in it and stuff laying everywhere and oh my, it's just all messed up. Man, this is what should we do with this house? Should we flip it? Flip it. Let's gasoline it and burn it. Nope. That's not how Listen, that's not how the unclean spirit finds a house. He finds it swept. That's right. Garnished, cleaned, but that gives the opportunity for the Holy Ghost, the oil to come down into your life. Amen. You say, "Ain't it been the oil all along?" Yeah. It's been the oil and justification that allows a lamp to emit I've been saved. Follow me now. That's good. Allows a lamp to emit I've been saved. Then more of the Holy Spirit, more a deeper work allows the emitting of the light. I've been sanctified. But you see, it's got to go deeper than just sanctification. Amen. Amen. Because these foolish virgins were sanctified. That's right. They had oil in their lamps for a period of time. But where the oil was at, it was able to go out. This is why the seal of the Holy Ghost is is is declared and ministered in this hour. This is the sealing time as much as it is the mark of the beast coming upon. It's the time of sealing as well. That is so good. It's him who hath sealed us and given us the earnest of his spirit. Let me just read this to you. Man, oh man. In the message of rapture, the prophet says, "What is it? Is a message to get the people together." A message comes forth first. Lamp trimming time. Rise and trim your lamp. That's what happened in the seventh watch. Behold the bridegroom coming. rise and trim your lamp. That's what Malachi 4 is, is lamp trimming time. Now, he goes on and he's talking about, my dear brother and sister, he says, "We've seen God, the God from heaven, stand before groups of men and declare himself as he ever did." What's he declaring? The token has been right here in our midst. The person of Jesus Christ. This is why the prophet in the desperation message after the token message in the morning he said if we don't get desperate the token the person of Christ that's right here with us is going to pass right through us. Now he says it like this. He says we see all of this this denominational system it's dead. He goes through these things. Let me just let me just skip down. He says, "You've got to get into Christ. You got to flee from those systems. If you're in Christ, there's not a word written in here, but what? You'll believe it." I don't care what anybody else says. And then God makes that thing manifest. Cuz when he pours the spirit upon the word, what happens? It's just like putting water on any other seed. It'll live and bring forth of its kind. You say, "I got the baptism of the Holy Ghost." That don't mean that you're saved. Not by a long ways. Now, what we dealing with here is oil that can go out. Because just to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost upon our spirit is not enough. That's right. Amen. This is Listen, friends, and I'm not casting any disparity upon anyone. I'm just trying to say that sometimes the things that we look at and you're trying to make sense of because you've seen fruit for so long and all of a sudden the things now you see well that's not the same fruit and before you would have taken this fruit and declared it that is a son and daughter of God fully fully sealed and everything and now when you see certain fruit you realize that's not the fruit of a son and daughter of God at all. That's not an expression of a sealed child of God. What was that? The Holy Spirit was there, but it was only there in the realm of the spirit. And let me just tell you what the prophet says. He said, "When that rain falls on the just and unjust, it can make a cockaur act just like a wheat." But you see, the Holy Ghost, listen to me now, did not come to make us act like message believers. That's not the goal. Cuz God don't want impersonators or actors. [Music] But the Holy Ghost is come as he said it in the beginning to put his chosen vessels in service. Hallelujah. Amen. And in manifesting lamb nature, a serant's heart. Amen. Amen. Are you hearing me? Amen. This is why this is not an just an exclusive quote. It's all the way through and 65. But especially as it hones down in these last messages because you know why to have it just on the spirit then it can run out. That's right. Where's the fire? Well, I mean I shouted back there. I you can have all those emotions and maybe maybe it was no emotions at all. You see, Satan likes to take things that are precious promises, such as where the prophet will declare to us all through the seven church agents all the way through the message and scriptures of what the real evidence of the Holy Ghost is is receiving the word for your day. That's right. And yet a person could say, well, and they could do that intellectually, it'll declare itself. See, we don't. That's why it's not up to you or I to go about and you know, like brother Brandham was asked the question, "Brother Brandom, I want to be able to tell whether somebody I don't want to be able to tell whereas whether somebody's got the Holy Ghost or not." Brother Brandham just told him say, "You ain't going to be able to do that. Don't even get caught up in that." I got the quote, right? I mean I mean what would be the whole Let me just guess if it don't compare with you. Wow. Sorry to bust that legalistic bubble, but it needed busting. You know, it's always amazing to wear that. Well, anyhow, we want to have a mirror that we're looking in. We want to have a mirror that we can look in and evaluate our own self. Not comparing oursel. Look at We're not comparing oursel to the denominational churches. They've got their place. I'm not preaching to them this morning. I'm preaching to a group of people. I'm preaching a message that's for the wise virgin. [Applause] And there might be some that are wise but are acting foolish. And the wisdom of God is come to alert and drive foolishness away. [Applause] Hallelujah. Why? It's God watching over his word. [Music] Hallelujah. That's why brother Bam goes into that and he talks about how all these other things, you know, the rain falling on the just and unjust. He's talking about the word will bear record of itself. And you know, brother Bam had to go through that. People were, Brother Jury was touching on this last week. People were resting upon all of these sensations and resting upon feelings and resting upon leadings and resting upon that. and to understand that God God did not come to cause trouble but the sword has come in order to separate us from tribulation. Amen. The sword has come to set not to bring peace as far as with these conditions all around us, but to bring the peace of God into our heart and separate us unto himself. That's good. And you know what that really brings? It brings peace. It brings rest. It brings stability cuz you realize you're not resting on any sensation. Cuz sometimes you feel like worshiping and other times you don't. And boy, if you're resting on that, you're going to be in a fix. If you're in here this morning and you don't feel like it, but yet I better if I don't do this, I don't know. I I ain't been to church or I ain't do this. You see what it is? You're you're troubling the rest that God wants to bring to your life. And you know what that'll do? that won't only affect your life. It'll affect your whole family. It'll affect everybody else around you. This is why that there's stability of the Holy Ghost. It begins in the heart of the believer and works out. This is why when the Holy Spirit has come into a home, it will stabilize hearts on the word and center it around the will of God. Oh, there should have been a bigger amen on that. Cuz it ain't the work of man. Listen, it's God who knows our children. We didn't. We're not the one who went and found our children and went up there and picked them out. But God has given and entrusted their lives into our hearts. Have we been perfect? No. Have we made a lot of mistakes? Yeah. But you know what? Within it all, we've trusted God and look to God for his leadership. And when it's all said and done, we can say it is the grace of God. [Applause] Because God knew about them. sometimes when we couldn't even figure them out and they're out of our own gene pool. But God said, "I knew them. I knew him before. I knew him before you even knew me. I knew you and I knew them." He knows how to deal with his children. And he dealth with us as sons. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory be to God in the highest. Hallelujah. So you see within this lamp that I have posted here, here you have a lamp and uh let me find this here for a moment. That's big enough I can see it. They put the oil in this vessel. And here's a wick. You know what that wick that wick is a type of the wick is a believer. I can read the whole quote but I'm not going to. The wick is also faith. You say how can it be faith and a believer? Because it's your faith. Yes. It's you believing what God has said. Why do you believe? Because you're a believer. Why are you a believer? Because you believe. Surely we don't have to keep on repeating this. But we understand this wick. What a wonderful place for this wick to be. Feel like that song, No Place I'd rather be. You know why? Cuz this wick is right between the fire and the oil. It's got that hidden part on the inside that's tapped into the oil. Hide thyself in secret, and pray to the Father that seeth in secret, and heareth in secret, and he that heareth in secret shall reward thee openly with what? Fire of confirmation. Blessed place to be. Our life immersed in the Holy Ghost, immersed in Christ. Amen. Now, if you try to put any other sort of a fiber in there, it will not be able to withstand. But a wick is ordained with special channels out of the fabric that it's comprised of to be able to pull up oil in itself. Hallelujah. So the fire is actually manifesting the wick or the oil that's in the bottom traveling through the wick. So you see what it is about your life that's manifesting the spirit of God. It's the fire. It's God reflecting his life through you. Hallelujah. You might not be a shoutter. You may not be a runner. You may never speak in tongues. You may never do none of those things. Direct quotes. You may never, but there's one thing about it. Your life will have changed. Amen. Because there is a supernatural experience. That's what separates the foolish from the wise. The foolish have not had the depth of a supernatural experience of the new birth. And eventually it goes out. Right. So, this is why God doesn't want us just having camp meeting experiences. That's right. That's right. I believe in camp meetings. Don't get me wrong. I believe I We need them. We need meetings. Oh, brother. There's so many meetings for our young people. Thank God. Meeting here and meeting there. I thank God because you know what? And there ain't no excuse. Everybody's got something locally. Right. We need them in this hour. I'm thankful to God for that. But you understand when we can recognize that whatever that God has done there, his desire is to bring forth a work in our life to where it's not just something that last as long as I feel it, but it is a lasting reality where the oil has made it down to the soul and produced a new birth. Without that, you can have the baptism of the Holy Ghost every hour of your life and be lost and go to hell. That's the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Because the rain falls on the just and unjust. Remember, Brother Bram said, "It'll make a calabar shout just like a wheat." Right? It'll make them rejoice just like a wheat. Now, I know you you we we understand here. You you you've been taught I you you understand that. Oh well, if we rejoice because sometimes sometimes people get in quotes and they get over on things and they want to so intellectualize and sterilize the gospel and take all the emotion out of the church. Now I got it. I got quotes on all on the side both sides. But you got to be balanced in what you're doing. I don't care what anybody else does. Listen, let me just tell you something. I'm not on streaming people's things and finding out what other people are doing because you know what? God didn't send me to correct nobody else. I don't care what they're doing. God has sent me a responsibility for this group right here. And I'm telling you, as for me and my house, we're going to serve the Lord. [Applause] Hallelujah. Nobody makes me get happy. Nobody pumps me up. God made me how he made me. He might have made you different, but you know what? However God made you, that's fine. But don't get on me how God's made me. Come on. Everything, like Paul said, done decently and orderly. We We understand that. We've been taught. We've been going through those things. But to understand within all of this, there is something that so strikes our heart with this oil. We want that fire of confirmation living out through our life. This is why the prophet as he would say it just like this he would say Jesus sent the Holy Spirit which is himself this is out of conflict between God and Satan to get in those that's behind the word to confirm the word before them to show that he's still the word. Yes. He said you've t you've seen that taking place. He said right here talking to the tabernacle fire. Aren't you glad he's come before your tent door? Amen. It's not about the nerve centers. He's come to your tent door. This message was not an Amazon oops. That's right. Okay. It wasn't a UPS. Order it today, get it two weeks later. This was not an oops. God didn't make a mistake. That's right. He sent it to you. And if he sent it to you, let me just tell you something. It's not because he's got confidence in your flesh. That's right. He did not send it to you because of our flesh. He sent it to us because there is a part of himself on the inside that needed to be awakened by the voice of the bridegroom, our shepherd and bishop of our soul. That's what the opening of this word has done. It has loosed those seven thunders. It's loosened God's voice to your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And fire is the confirmation of the light coming from the word. Oh, that smart virgin, the wise virgin had oil in her lamp. She trimmed her lamp and lit it. God is the word. The holy the oil is the spirit and the fire is the gospel light on that oil. Remember remember how many right now you probably got it going through your mind. It is the rising of the sun. How do we know it's gasoline? Remember that quote. How do we know it's gasoline? Oh, it's it's gasoline, brother. It's gasoline. How do we know it's gasoline? Put the spark on it. That's how we know. And what does it do? It's fire in the engine. It puts it down the road. You see, this is where when you look at your life and evaluating the Holy Ghost, the fire is that which moves you into the word. It ain't so much about how your feet go or maybe how how you go here. It's about your walk has been changed. Amen. You're no longer living under the elements of whether it rains, whether it's sunny, whether it's stormy, whether it's cloudy. You're not even living in the inner cord where all of a sudden the spirit, the light of the candalabra can be blown out. Oh Lord, the messenger's been taken. You're living in a place to where all of that was pointing to a light that actually has sent the rest, created the rest, and has called you into his marvelous light. The light that was the first light to strike the earth in the beginning when God said, "Let there be light was shakina light." God's own word. Yeah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, he said that fire is the gospel light on that oil. The oil is in the vessel and the fire burning. It shows that it's reflecting the light of what the word said. That's the reflection. That wise virgin could do that. But that foolish virgin was on the outside and had no oil. They couldn't reflect nothing but just their church, their denomination. So there's no reflection any deeper association. Yes. But the word says the word is spirit. So the true bride must be unified. Same quote by the word. If she is a part of Christ, she has to be the word of Christ. In order to be the word of Christ, you have to be baptized into Christ. And when you're in Christ, you believe Christ. and Christ is the word. Let me read you. Let me let me read you here another scripture and then I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to pull up here now. Don't go to lunch on me. Stay with me. This is where that foolish virgin, she had knowledge. Brother Brandham even tells us like this that it would go over her and she doesn't catch what it's all about. See the wise, why is the wise wise? Because she's ordained to that. She didn't make herself wise. We can go through scriptures. Rebecca didn't make herself Rebecca. Right? Esther didn't make herself Esther. Well, brother Samuel, she had to act on the word that was showing she was part of the wise. You see the wise, it declares itself, right? So, all of those parallels have been all the way down through the scriptures of wise and foolish. But this is where the key now just just hone in on this. I I'm I'm I'm coming down to a close, but this is where I want you to really hone. There's three the Bible says in 1 John 5 and verse 6. This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ, not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the spirit that beareth witness because the spirit is truth. For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost. And these three are one. They're one and the same. This is why you can't have the word without having the Holy Ghost. And you can't have the Holy Ghost without having the word. They're one and the same. This is why when John Paul would write in Romans 8, Brother Brams asked the question, "Brother Bram, is it is there is is is it is it possible for a person to know that they are a son and daughter of God?" Brother Bam said absolutely. He quotes Romans 8. When your spirit bears witness with his spirit, right? Then you know, see, it's bearing witness with the word because all of those other things, sensations, and all those those all those things, listen, they can all come. And brother Bram says, I can understand how those things, they happen because you get close to the Holy Ghost. In other words, you get right under you. You you get under where there's rain. I mean, y'all know where we live right here. There's times where all of a sudden I can be if I have to run an errand, I can drive and be passing through South Ammerst and I'm thinking, hm, why couldn't I have this rain up here where I'm at, my flower pots need it? Because I don't feel like going out with the garden hose right now. And yet they're getting into South Amherst or sometimes just a strip right down in Ammerst. But you see, when we look at it, you get around where the Holy Spirit is at, things can happen. There can be things that can that can actually take place. But remember, the goal and the desire of God is that it would come down to a real relationship, not just something that comes upon your life and can be lifted. Come upon your life and be you say, "How do you know it's being lifted?" Look what's being lived out of your life. If what's being lived out of your life, not something you got to force, but whatever is being lived out of your life will tell you whether the oil has made it to the place of sealing. Amen. Because if it's not made it to the place of sealing, friends, the token is here. The Holy Spirit is here to seal your vessel this morning. Amen. He's here to illuminate and bring us to that place to where it doesn't go out, but to where it comes to a place of where his life coming out of us. Now, remember the seed packet? Everybody remember the seed packet? When the seed starts out, it starts out and it comes above the ground. It's so tiny. You have to tell every don't let the dogs over there. Don't let this step over here. Don't let that. But it's coming forth. That's right. You see, when the new birth starts, it starts very small like a little white button. But it grows, right? And you know what? The way it starts out, it has to have that start in order to grow like what it looks like on the front of the package. And you know why you keep that package? Don't you throw that package away. Don't you Don't you throw away what God has given to you. You keep that. That's what this message is setting before you. This message is not changing images. And you come to church, tomato plant. Then you come to church the next week, green beans. Then you come to church the next week, melons. Yeah. Then you come to church the next week and you know it's beets. Then you come to church the next week, potatoes. Yum. No. No. It's the same image. Amen. The same image, listen to me, the same image that's being set before us, that's what the word is doing. It's calling us from where we are to where we're to be because we are to be conformed not to a man's idea. Amen. To the image of Jesus Christ. Lord, that is so good. These three are one, right? But the scripture says there are three that bear witness in the earth. The spirit, the water, and the blood. And these three agree right in one. See, justification, sanctification, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost to come to that place of sealing. Would you stand with me? I want you to listen. Listen to this quote. It's out of adoption part four. Brother Graham says the church going just as knowing there's 10 virgins went out to meet the Lord. All sanctified, all holy, every one of them sanctified. Five were dilatory. That means lazy become letting go and ferveny just pulled back and let their lights go out. Now notice nobody came and blew their lights out right they let their lights go out by being what? Dilatory. That's what the foolishness is all about is here they are standing in the presence of the one who can give them the oil the baptism of the Holy Ghost that they need on their soul realm and yet they'll take other things rely upon this loving God love worship love things love how they feel but yet down on the inside never really coming to a place of being honest with themselves. I want to be honest, don't you? Listen, friends, if I'm not if right here, I just say it like this. If I'm not where I need to be right here, I want to be I would want God to show me. My life is not closed off. I don't walk in here and have my life closed off and praise God, I've got it all. No, no, no, no. As a matter of fact, even when God lays things on my heart and I can be studying and studying and studying, I want my life to be combed through. And I pray that even while the word's going forth, Lord, comb through me. Yes, Lord. You say, where example did you see that? Well, I seen it first of all, even in the prophets ministry where brother Brandham himself could stand right there and begin to preach in certain places and say, "I realized myself I was standing in Balam's shoes." because of the miracle lines that had been run. See, that's a man I can follow. He was honest. He was honest. You know why he did that? If he didn't do it for nobody else, brother Aaron, did it for me. He did it for me. You know why God allowed You know why God didn't have all these other things edited off of tapes and what more? You know why God didn't edit out a Abraham's life? He did it for me. He did it for you. Brother Brham said it just like this. He said, "If it had not been for that," he said, "I used to wonder why did God allow that?" He said, "But I've come to find out if God had not done that, we would not know God's grace." Oh, we know God in his saving grace. But to think about the grace of God that God sometimes in the longsuffering that maybe a person or any of our lives, listen, maybe have sitting here and and things have just been going by and you realize at this moment, hey, you know what? I need a deeper walk with God. I need a deeper walk with God. And frankly, every one of us do. But don't just come under that place of just saying, I need a deeper walk. Evaluate. If you know in your life, listen, I'll not be ashamed of one person who would say, Lord, I need the Holy Ghost. To me, I'll be thankful. Say, God, because you know why? When you're honest with God, God will do. He'll do what he said he would do. God will absolutely take control of a life. You see this? the enemy that wants to make us ashamed. What's your pastor going to think? Well, let me just go ahead and bust that devil's nose. I'll tell you what your pastor will think. He'll be thankful for the grace of God that has reached your life and been able to stand there because I'll tell you the way that my heart is, I am not leaving here without one of you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I don't care if you disagree with me. I don't care. I'm not leaving here without one of you. I have been commissioned by God to stand here and proclaim this gospel. And I've got confidence in it because I know what it's done and is doing in my life. I know it will achieve and I know this right here as well. I know this that his grace is sufficient to where in my foolishness, your foolishness, can we fellowship together on that? in some of the times where we in ourselves foolishness and the spirit of God will sweep right back around remind us wait a minute you're a wise virgin he's not pumping us up he's not coming to try to pat us on the back he's coming to show us wait a minute you're not living out to your full potential you say brother Samuel what is that does that mean that when he comes and says it like that that then I'm getting the oil on on my soul if you've already had the oil on your soul and been born again of the spirit of God. Then when the spirit of God comes around to deal with your life and my life like that, you know what that's all about? Trimming the lamp. That's right. How many How many ever had these old these coal? I mean, maybe not looking like this, but I remember when we lived down in the country down in Salena, man, the electricity would go out. We had them, you know, those things they sell down the Amish stores now, but you know, you put the put the oil in there and you got the little thing. I mean, it was nothing for electricity to go out. We had big candles. They weren't for smelling. No. No, sir. No, they weren't for smelling. Now I love that. But anyhow, those the way it was, electricity go out, you'd light it. But you know what mom or dad would have to do? They'd have to go in there on that wick. That wick's ordained, brother Brian. It's ordained for that to flow through. But sometimes from the use and then all of a sudden where something stops and we blow it out and then the use it can get carboned up because everything's not getting burned out efficiently. All right. But I'm so glad that he is trimming smoking flax right now. This is lamp trimming time. Lord, trim everything out of me that's unlike you. I don't want my life smoked up. I don't want it have to be where somebody's looking and wondering, is that a son of God? Is that a daughter of God? No. We're called the message of the hour is a clear display. Jesus Christ the same. Amen. Now, let me see through all that smoke. Oh, the smoke. We already have to battle the smoke of this age. That's right. Come on. Revelations chapter 9, the smoke of this age is demon powers. The lid of hell's been taken off. That's right. But Revelations 10:1. And I saw another mighty angel. [Music] Hallelujah. It's smoky for the world, but my eyes. Oh, I got my eyes have been anointed. They're clear. I'm seeing Jesus Christ. I'm seeing the word being vindicated. I'm seeing myself. I recognize I was always a son and daughter of God. I see what the rights that belong to me. I realize that the Holy Ghost is for me. I realize that I'm a part of the rapture. I realize my name is on the Lamb's book of life. What's happening in the presence of Almighty God? The smoke is being lifted. lamps are being trimmed in his presence. And the Pentecostal fire we see is just as real as it was when it fell on the day of Pentecost. You say, "How is that?" That is your life. My life. I'm looking at paradoxes. Amen. Miracles. Don't you love him? Praise the Lord. Let this not be our part becoming dilatory or coming to where just letting the oil run out because if it's not in the soul it can run out but the new birth is the seal. Now you might say well brother Samuel how do I know that it's made it there? That's a good question. It's a good question because once the new birth has come, it's a revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally. And once that has come, you can look back to what you were, your desires. Amen. Your nature, the things that you once loved, and you look in your life now and say, "Not only do I not do those things, I hate those things. Hallelujah. But I love him. Hallelujah. Amen. Though he slay me, I serve him. I love him. I've failed him many times, but I love him. Why? Because he first loved me. Don't you love him? I say here this morning, if it's not made it to that place, why don't you be honest with God and say, "Lord, I want that oil." Amen. in the depths of my soul. Hallelujah. I want that earnest, Lord. I want that seal. I want that that that confirmation. Don't look for like the prophet tells us at the end of invisible union. He said, "Don't look for anything anything outside of a truth in your life. Let God prove it." Is that all right? Let God prove it. things that want to come around right now and try to bring fear. That's not the spirit of God. The spirit of God does not come to bring fear because you do not even approach him for the Holy Ghost with fear. It's with faith. Every promise of God and even for God to settle you and even to reveal perhaps that's already there in your life and God really wants to settle you so he can start using you even more. Amen. to where you're not even you're no longer wrestling with am I worthy is my ability. Why don't you let God prove his word? You love him. Hallelujah. I tell you friends, I thank God for this message. I'm not lifting up a man. When I say this message, I'm talking about Jesus Christ. I know what I was and I know what I am. Amen. He's everything to me. Oh, he's had to correct me a lot. But I'm so glad he did. I'm thankful for every weapon he's given me. I'm thankful for every correction. I'm thankful for every test and every trial he's allowed to come my way. And most importantly, I'm glad for his grace that has accompanied me through every test. and every trial. I'm grateful for his grace that has been given that my own stubbornness could be surrendered to him time and time again. Thank you, Lord. Thank God for his mercy. God have come today to give you praise. I have come today to lift you up so you don't have no fear. So you will overcome. I give you strength today for this word. Let your life grow and not be it. Let it come up higher. So the people will see that light shine. They will see the light shine because I'm there. I am there with you. I am speaking to you. Do not be afraid. Don't let anything come and tell you that this is for I'm going to be with you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads. Thank you, Lord. Let's bow our heads. Wonders every eyes closed and our hearts. I want us just to really just take a moment and just to reflect. This might might be just one person that's here. I don't know. But God knows. Maybe there's even someone across the internet streaming or one that'll go back and archive it. I don't know. But I do know this. I certainly would want to give you an invitation that in your life if you know that it hasn't come to that place yet. And I don't want I'm not looking for a reaction out of you, please understand that. I just want you to be honest in his presence because I want I want you to have what God wants you to have. Amen. Lord, I don't want the enemy to keep you from it or hold you back from what God has for you. I wonder in his presence if you just wouldn't want to raise your hand or maybe you'd want to come and stand up here. You say, "Lord, I I want you more than anything. Lord Jesus, I want the spirit of God to go deeper, Lord, in my life." That don't mean That don't mean that you don't have it, but maybe you don't have it, but you realize I need it so it don't run out. Hallelujah. I need I need something, Lord, in my life that's just not a week long, monthlong, season long. I need I need you. I need I need that which is an endless supply from my soul, Lord. Well, brother Samuel, I I'm ashamed ashamed. Don't be ashamed of him. He said, if you're ashamed of him and his words, he'll be ashamed of you. [Music] But why don't you just take God at his word? Every every head is bowed, every eyes closed. Why don't you take God at his word and say, "Lord, Satan, let me put you on notice. You're a liar. Right. Amen. Tell these people or person as though they'll never receive it. They'll never have it. It's never for them. You're a liar. And in the name of Jesus Christ. Hold your peace and leave. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I'm going to give you an instruction. The prophet, every head is bowed still. I'm going to give you an instruction. The prophet said, "I want you right now." He said to take every thought of doubt and I want you to put it on the floor and put your foot on it. Hallelujah. I'm asking you right now, take the thought. You might have to act it out. Take the thoughts of doubt and all the thoughts of oh but maybe thoughts of how could I have been in a place of foolishness. Take it right now and place it on the floor and put your foot on it. Amen. Every doubt I place my foot on it. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I believe he's here. Amen. Hallelujah. I know he's here. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost is here. Yes, he is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You want to receive it here this morning? He's here. He's here. Glory. Hallelujah. How many say, "Lord, that's what I want down in the depths of my soul." Hallelujah. Lord, I want a refilling. I want a refilling. Which, Lord, would be equivalent like that to a lamp trimming, Lord. Where things are trimmed out where it gets all carboned up. We don't mean to, but sometimes, Lord, through the cares and the affairs of life, but oh God, you're passing through this building this morning. It's lamp trimming hour, Lord, where hearts have come to a place to say, "I don't care about fashions no longer. I don't care about this and I don't care about that. The things that I've once cared about, I realize it's only a mirage." Hallelujah. It doesn't satisfy. It doesn't keep me. It's from one to the next to the next. But Lord, you're my satisfying portion. That's what I want, Lord. I want that satisfied portion, Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord God, I lift this congregation, Lord, up before your throne in prayer. every single need, Lord, that's been gathered here, hands that's been lifted, Lord, from hearts, Lord God, that Lord, with a desire to see the moment that we're living in, Lord, it's a moment to think soberly. You told us, be sober, watch, and pray. Lord, it's an hour where there's all kinds of intoxicating things around us, Lord. Media saturation, bombardment. Oh, that wine of fornication that's poured out from Babylon. Lord God, to appease the flesh, to appease the mind, Lord God, deadening people until they're Lord becoming numb like those who watch the animals walk by and get in Noah's ark. Oh God, Lord Jesus, glory, I want to say thank you for your mercy. Thank you for your mercy this morning, Lord, once again. And Lord, I want to say thank you for hearts that Lord to be honest before you. There is no big eyes and little use here among us. No. No. Lord, we're here. I want to see everyone make it. I do not study. I do not give myself to you to single out. I give myself to you with Lord God. You've called me to preach it and this word will produce. Amen. Lord God, this word, it'll take situations that are thought to be impossible. It can take strains that's made its way down and had a hold upon lives for generations. But the blessing of God can break the curse around the life, Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. That's what the new birth has come to do, Lord. It ties us back into you fully, Lord. To where we're no longer walking under the Lord, the the the headship of our family tree. We're walking under the headship of the tree of life. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Lord Jesus, right here this morning, Lord, Father, for those hearts, God, bless them, Lord, in their honesty, Lord, and before you to say, God, I want that oil, Lord, in the depths of my life. I've had it upon my spirit, oh my, it makes me feel good. But I realize that there's a leakage problem. It leaks out. But I hear that there is a seal. There's a place that that oil can come to in my life, Lord. And it's a place that you provided for yourself. You've already put it there because you're Jehovah Gyra. All you desire is that I would surrender, Lord Jesus. Grant that this morning, Lord. Granted, Lord God, to where the Holy Spirit, Lord, may you come like you did into Solomon's temple. You walked right down, Lord God, right through the corridors and you led that word right to its place. It became so smoky, Lord, to where the ministers could not even minister. May you come, Lord, in such a way like that once again to where there's no doubts that can arise Lord God. There's no other voice that can be spoken Lord God in doubt Lord God in confusion Lord but where the word has come to its resting place Lord and the shakina light there's a reflection of Jesus Christ where is it one time ye were darkness but now are you light in the Lord arise and shine for thy light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee Lord Jesus, I also pray and I ask you forgive us. Forgive me and forgive Lord others. My brothers and sisters, forgive us for acting foolish. Lord, allowing Lord other things and kind of becoming Lord kind of dilatory, not really not caring as much. Lord Jesus, forgive us, Lord. Yes, Lord. I know that you're mindful that we are but flesh, but I'm so glad that you come by our way, Lord, and you remind us the high calling that we're called to. Amen. And it's something within us, Lord. That's why I ask you to forgive me. Forgive me, Lord, when I've been dilatory. Forgive me. But Lord, I could have prayed more, could have read more, could have went more, could have did more. Forgive me Lord. Forgive me Lord for being dilatory Lord when maybe my attitude or my actions. Oh God. God I'm asking Lord not only for myself but this entire congregation. Granted Lord I pray God a real refreshing from the presence of God. A refilling of the Holy Ghost Lord God that would come Lord into hearts and lives Lord. A fresh Lord. Renew us, Lord. I pray, oh Lord, to where the wick, the predestinated fibers of our lives, Lord God, to where that wick might be trimmed to where the wick will pull and draw that oil from that that hidden place. Glory be to God. Glory be to God. and the fire burning declaring there's oil in this vessel. We love you, Lord. Father, I thank you for every emotion. I thank you for every sensation. And I'm so thankful that Lord, you bring us to a place to realize there's nothing wrong with emotion, nothing wrong with sensation, but I'm so grateful you brought us to a place where we can rest on the word of God. And when we get to really resting on the word of God, Lord, that's when at times we can really turn loose. Oh, hallelujah. That's when joy rises from within this vessel, Lord God, to realize, Lord Jesus, the joy of the Lord is my strength. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Lord, may you feel every heart, Lord. Amen. Every heart that's desiring the Holy Ghost, Lord, may you feel them, Lord. May they not rest day or night, Lord. May it be, Lord God, of the urgency of the hour. May they be desperate for you after hearing your voice. That's the only way they can be is because they've heard your voice. And that's what brings desperation. Grant it, Lord. Grant it, Lord. For we're all longing to meet at Father's house. Oh, granted, Jesus. Granted, Lord. Granted, Lord. Granted, Lord, I pray. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Can we just worship just a little bit in his presence? Go ahead, lead us something. I want to be burning, burning the midnight oil. Amen. With my lamp all trimmed and glowing, a vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light through the night to the word I must be Lord. There is a virgin bride burning the midnight oil. Oh, I want to be burning, burning the midnight. Oh, with my lamp so trim and glowing, a vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light through the night to the word I must be Lord. There is a virgin to cry. She's burning the midnight. [Music] Lord, I want to be burning, burning the midnight. Oh, with my lamp trim and glowing, vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light. Through the night to the word I must be Lord. [Music] There is a virgin cry burning the midn burning the midnight. [Music] Lord, with my lamp trimmed and glowing, vessel full of the Holy Ghost, I will shine the light. Through the night to the word I must be Lord. [Music] There is a virgin cry burning the mid oh. Oh the spirit and the bride are saying [Music] come. The elect are being stirred inside their hearts. Our uniting time has come. We have a father. Oh, soon will be with our Lord forever more. For the evening light has come. Bride is [Applause] [Music] making she's hearing the shouts of the [Music] king [Applause] token. It's cleaning from inside. And the dove leaves the land once [Applause] [Music] again. My linen clean and white spreading to her. She's washed in the blood of God's own son. the righteousness that's not her own. She's just before his throne where she'll reign with our Lord forever more. Oh, the evening light has come. Bride is making reparations. She's hearing the shout of the king. All the tokens been applied. It's cleaning from inside. And the dies the land once again finally finally the finan is granted to her. She's washed in the blood of God's own son with righteousness that's not her own. She's just before his [Music] throne where she'll reign with our Lord forever more. Oh, the evening light has come. The bride is [Music] making she's hearing the shouts of her king took blood. It's cleaning from inside and the dong is the lamb once again. Evening light has come. Oh, the evening light has come. Bride is making preparations. Oh, she's hearing the shout of her king. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, the tokens been. It's cleaning from inside. And the dove is the lamb once again. Oh Lord, you are [Music] beautiful. Your face is all I see. Oh, when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me, oh Lord, beautiful, oh Lord, you are beautiful. Your face is all I see. [Music] for your eyes are on this [Music] child. I want to take your word and shine it all around. First, help me just to live in Lord. And when I'm doing well, help me to never seek a crown. For my reward is giving glory to you. [Music] Oh, please light the fire. that burn bright and clear. be filled with the rain of my first love that burn with all my fear. For I want to take your word and shine it all around. First help me just to live in it, Lord. And when I'm doing well, help me to receive ground for my reward is giving glory to you. Please light the fire, Lord. Oh Lord, please light the fire that once burned bright and clear prevailed. The land of my first love that bursts with joy. Lord, you're beautiful. Oh Lord, you are beautiful. [Music] Your face is all I [Music] see. For when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me. I want to take your word, Lord. I want to take your word and shine it all around. First, help me just to live in [Applause] Lord. And when I do, he will help me to never see a crown for my reward. is giving glory to you. One more time. Light the fire. Oh Lord, please light is the fire. Light the fire Lord that was it burned bright anchor. Jesus prevails the lamb of my first love that burn with glory. Refill the lamp of my first love that burst with holy [Music] fear. All is [Music] well. All is well. We have heard the message of all and all is well. Oh, thank you Jesus. There is a place of perfect rest behind the inner man. So rest little brother rest for all his word. Amen. Third verse. Now things have not worked out like God's people thought. Amen. Because we're still here fighting the greatest battle ever fall. We must have the faith of a knowing God's word never fails. is if we trust in him, we'll fly and all is well. Let me say it, church, before we go. All is well, all is well. [Music] is hope is well. Amen. We've heard the message this morning. Amen. We have heard the message of all and all is well. Oh, thank you for this Lord. Yes, there is a place of perfect rest behind the inner bed. So rest the brightness for all his will. Somebody may say amen to that this morning. Amen. Let's give God a hand of applause this morning. He's worthy of our praise. Little praise offering. Hallelujah. Thank you for your word, Lord. Let's just bow our heads and go before him in prayer. Be dismissed in a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, thank you for this word this morning, Lord Jesus. Uh touch our hearts and souls, Lord Jesus. Lord, we want our lamps to be trimmed and burning, Lord Jesus. Lord, it's lamp trimming time. Help us to examine, Lord. May the Holy Ghost go down through our life, Lord. Identify anything, Lord. And when you identify it, Lord, help us to let it go, Lord Jesus. As our brother said, you're the great taker this morning, Lord. All the things you've taken from our life, Lord. Anything that would still be there, the devil will try and hinder us with, we believe you can take it, Lord. While your word's going forth, Lord Jesus, you can take those things from us, Lord. May we put our faith and trust in you, Lord Jesus, and begin to claim by faith everything we have need of has been taken care of, Lord Jesus. We thank you for this morning. Bless our pastor, Lord. We appreciate that message this morning, Lord. Lord, it's been receive I believe it's been received this morning, Lord. I believe it accomplished what it set out to do this morning, Lord, in our hearts and our lives. I don't believe we'll ever be the same, Lord, after this message, Lord. Thank you for it, Lord Jesus. I pray that you'd bless everyone that's heard this this morning. Those that maybe listen on the internet, Lord, may they receive a special blessing, Lord. Those that's here, Lord. Look forward to the testimonies, Lord, of what you're doing in our lives, Lord. Just continue to use us, Lord. Lord, let our light shine even brighter, Lord. If we trim that, Lord, we'll be able to be able to shine through us, Lord. We'll be able to do more for you, Lord. We'll be able to be better lights for you, Lord. May you grant it, Father, and be with us all till we should meet again in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says, "Amen." God bless you. Amen. Amen. You can stay in worship if you want, but you're dismissed in the name of the Lord. Oh, give me all in my land. Keep me burdened. Give me all in my land I pray. Give me all in my land. Keep me burning. Oh, keep me burning till the break. Give me oil. Give me all in my land. Keep me burning. Lord, give me all in my land. I pray. Oh, give me hope in my land. Keep me burning. Lord, keep me burning till the break of day. Oh, sing hosanana up. Sing hosanana up. Sing hosanana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Lord give me joy in my heart. Give me praises. Lord give me joy in my heart. I praise. Give me joy in my heart. Keep me praising. Yes. Keep me praising till the break of day. And I'll sing hosana up. Sing hosana up. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Yes. Sing hosana up. Sing hosana up. Hosan of you. Give me peace in my heart. Keep me rested on your word, Lord. Give me peace in my heart. I pray. Give me peace in my heart. Keep me resting. Oh, keep me resting till the break of day. Yes. Give me love in my heart. Keep me serving. Give me love in my heart. Lord, I pray. Yes. Give me love in my heart. Keep me serving. Keep me serving till the break of day. Oh, let's sing it now. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Yes. Give me all in my lamp. Keep me burning. Give me all in my lamp. Oh Lord I pray. Oh give me all in my lord. Keep me burning. Keep me burning till the break of day. Oh and sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Sing hosana to the king. Hallelujah. Ask.
