################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - It's Applying Time - Isaac Hatfield - Isaac Hatfield.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   It's Applying Time - Isaac Hatfield
Speaker: Isaac Hatfield
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuSHP8v7VZY
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
42:17 - Ministry
02:03:54 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
When he comes, I will go with him when I hear him call my name. Oh, I want to be ready. I want to be ready to go. I want to be ready. I I want to be ready. Hear the first [Music] verse. Don't know how long I'll be here. Jesus said he'd come again. When he comes, I will go with him. And when I hear him call my name. Oh Lord, I want to be [Music] ready. I I want to be ready to [Music] go. Oh Lord, I want to be ready. I want to be ready to go. Will I cannot be sure of just when it will take place? But it does not matter. Hallelujah. Cuz I'll be walking in his grave. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, I I want to be [Music] ready. L Oh, I Yes, Lord. I want to be ready to go. Oh, I want to be ready. [Music] I I want to [Music] be Lord. I feel it won't be long [Applause] [Music] now until Jesus comes for me. Church, he's going to take me with him. and at his feet are bound. Oh, I want to be ready. Yes, Lord. I I want to be ready to go. Oh Lord, I want to be ready. [Music] I I want to be ready one more time. Yes, Lord. Oh, I I want to be Make me ready, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I I want to be ready to go. Oh, I want to be ready. [Music] I want to be ready to go. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Sing another chorus. I'm going to make it. You already said that I would. I keep on trusting. He's working everything for my good. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, he walks beside me. And heaven is in my view. Oh, I know. Hallelujah. Going to make it. Amen. God bless you, church. Let's all stand up. Let's all testify this morning. Amen. Yes. I'm going to make again. Yes, he already said that I [Music] would trust you, Lord. I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Oh, he hallelujah walks beside me. Heaven. Hallelujah. In my view. Oh, I want to make it through. Amen. God is good this morning, isn't he? Hallelujah. Praise his name. Amen. It's good to be here in the house of the Lord. Amen. Wonderful to see everybody this morning. Man, we're missing a few brownings this morning. You can look around and see. But uh Jesus is still here, right? Amen. And his saints are here. It's wonderful to be together. Amen. God bless you. Brother Darren Hatfield's with us this morning. God bless you, brother. Good to see you. Amen. You came with Brother Isaac. Brother Isaac's father. Amen. We're looking forward. Brother Isaac Hatfield's going to be ministering for us this morning. So, we're looking forward to the word of God this morning. Amen. How many wants God to change your walk this morning? How many wants to be like Jacob? Amen. God touches you and changes your walk. Amen. We have a testimony. We'll start off with testimony here. I'd like to ask you, brother Dave Crest, would you come and open service a prayer, brother? Um testimony here uh from Brother Crest Senior. I want to thank everyone for your prayers. My shoulder is doing better. There's still pain, but it's not as bad. It's still bruised and swollen, but God will heal it. He'll heal it up in time. God bless you all, brother Chris. God bless you, brother. see this morning. Thank God. Thank God for that. Amen. That's a good testimony. He not I I hope he says he will heal it up in time. Praise God. Wonderful testimony. Thank you, brother. Few prayer requests here this morning. Sister Mercy asks, "Please pray for a healing touch for Sister Olga this morning." Uh also pray for a coworker, Misty. God knows. Uh keep me in your prayers. We'll do that this morning, Sister Mercy. Sister Naomi says, "Uh, please pray for my family and lost loved ones. The Lord knows our need." Amen. Um, please pray for all of our unsaved loved ones. That comes from Sister Gomez. Amen. We God grant that to our sister. Brother Rockco's request here. He's got a request says, "Please pray for my son Ben. He's no longer cooperating with the physical therapy. He's not he also nor is he doing his exercises. He basically sits around doing nothing and it appears as though he's given up. My wife and I have a real situation on our hands here. Please pray that God will give us wisdom. Let's pray for our brother. Amen. Let's pray for an inspiration for his son Ben. Let's keep that in prayer uh every day. Remember that uh you brother Ben and God will grant that. And sister sister uh sister Karma's here this morning and sister Irma. Um, I believe the mother's in the hospital this morning still. She's not in the hospital anymore. Oh, okay. Well, we'll just keep the family in prayer there. Amen. How many has a need on your heart? You didn't write anything down. Amen. You'd like to be remembered in prayer. Amen. We believe that, Brother Dave, you come, brother. Amen. God was able to take care of all of our needs. Amen. Amen. We trust him. [Music] Man, God bless you, saints. It's always nice to see uh brother Darren and I go back. Some of my earliest memories ever is when the the Hatfields used to come and visit and, you know, growing up with three older sisters, you know, when when four boys came, you know, to visit. That was like close to the millennium, I think, as I I was going to get at that time. So, it's always good to see my brother. We just sure appreciate you and your life and your family. God bless you, brother. Let's just go before the Lord in prayer. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we just so appreciate you, Lord. And just, Lord, this day you've provided, Lord, this time to you've provided, Lord, just with communion, Lord, in fellowship with you, Lord. We love to see one another, Lord, and just see each other and share our looks of fire, Lord, and just gather around your word, Lord. But really, Lord, it's it's you that we've came to see and we came to fellowship with, Lord. We came to draw closer to and for you to draw closer to us and us draw closer to you, Lord, and us to learn of you, Lord, and and just have this time, Lord, just to just to commune, Lord, around your word, Lord. We just pray, Lord, for brother Isaac in the back, Lord, as he would prepare, Lord. I'm sure he's already prepared, Lord. But, Lord, we just ask for, Lord, for you to just come down, Lord. it be his voice, Lord, that we we hear physically, Lord. But we just pray, Lord, to be your voice that we hear spiritually, Lord, just ministering to our hearts, Lord, and changing our lives, Lord. As as Brother Brian said, Lord, we not here to stay the same, Lord. We're not here to just walk out and just feel good and just, Lord, just say we did our our duty for the Sunday, Lord. We we came here to, Lord, to draw closer to you, Lord, to hear from you, Lord. So, we just want to welcome you, Lord, into our midst this morning, Lord. And Lord, for each one of these requests, Lord, just goes to my heart, Lord, just Lord Ben, Lord, just just pray, Lord, for just just some motivation, Lord, just something, Lord, just to to deal with him even, Lord, deeper than just the physical part, Lord. But Lord, spiritually as well, Lord, and just just pray you just come down, Lord, and touch that situation, Lord. And Lord, there's just no greater hands, Lord, to to to put our situations in, Lord, than your nails guard hands. Because that signifies, Lord, Lord, a finished work. It's something you've already started. It's something you've already finished, Lord. And and Lord, we're just here in this symphony, Lord, just to play our part, Lord. And just when when it's time for us to, Lord, you call on us, Lord. We just we just pray, Lord, to be faithful, Lord. And even leave even in the the prayer requests Lord and just we just lift them up before you Lord and just say Lord just just be have your way Lord and just in each and every situation. You know Lord what needs to be done Lord and you know how to get them get Lord there Lord. We love you Lord. We thank you Lord. Pray you just bless the ti and offerings Lord and just the remainder of the service Lord. We just want to welcome you Lord once more Lord and we just love you Lord. We just thank you Lord once again for this time together. Have your way we pray. Ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Church says may God bless you all. You may be seated brothers. Come take the tithes and offerings at this time. Um let's sing this song. I won't go back. I won't go back. [Music] used to [Music] be. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me. Lord, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed [Music] me. Oh, I've been [Music] changed. Free deliver. Oh, I found joy. Hallelujah. Peace, grace, and favor. Sing that again. Oh, I've been changed. I've been healed. Yes, I've been free and delivered. Oh, I found joy. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, and peace. Oh, his grace. Yes. And favor right now. Oh, right now is the moment. Today is the day. Hallelujah. I've been changed. I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass by. Oh, now I won't go back and go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Won't go back. I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed me. Hallelujah. Oh my shame. Hallelujah. My guilt. Hallelujah. My sin it's foriven. No more chain. Hallelujah. Glory. My past. Let's sing that again. Let the devil hear you this morning. All my shame. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. My sin, my guilt, and my sin, it is forgiven. There's no more change. Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. And my past. Yeah. Hallelujah. And right now is the moment. Today is the day. Yes. I've been changed. Hallelujah. I've been chased. [Music] I am waiting for this moment too. And Lord, I won't let it pass me by. Lord, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me. I won't go back. I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed. Never going back. I am never going back. No, I'm never going back. Oh, I'm never going back to the way. Sing it again. Never going Never going back. No, I'm never going back. Oh, I'm never going back to the way. Right now. Sing it again. Right now is the moment. Today is the Hallelujah. I've been changed. Hallelujah. Oh, I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass me by one more time. I won't go back. Well, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed. I won't go back. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed me. Hallelujah. I have decided to follow Jesus. I might be a little too high. I have decided to follow Jesus. Help me out here. I have decided to follow Jesus. Yes, I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided. I have decided to follow follow Jesus. I have decided. I'll follow. He's worthy. Hallelujah. Lord, I have peace. Yes, Lord. Going to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Take this whole world. Oh, take this whole world. But give me Jesus. Take this whole world. But give me [Music] Jesus. Yes. Take this whole world, but give me. Oh, give me him. I'll turn back. No, I won't turn back. Don't go with me. No, none go with me. Yes, Lord. Still will I follow. Yes. Lord, none go with me. Still I will follow. Lord, none go with me. Still I will. Yes, Lord. No turning back. No turning back. The cross before me. The cross before me. The world behind. Yeah. Get behind me. Sing. The cross before me. The world behind me. Hallelujah. the cross for me. This world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. One last time. I have decided. I have [Applause] decided to follow Jesus. Lord, I have decided to follow [Music] Jesus. I have decided to follow my sweet Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. In the peace in the midst of the storms. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Anyone's going through trials right now. Amen. Amen. Just trust in the Lord. Amen. How many knows he'll see you through your storm every single time? How many could raise your hand? Say a testimony. God seen me through so many storms already. Hallelujah. May we trust him this morning. When the world that I'm living in collapses at my feet when my life is tattered and told though I'm windswept, I've been battered. I will cling unto his cross and find peace in the midst of the storm. Gives me peace in the midst of my [Music] soul. He is my anchor. the rock I build my faith on. Yes. Jesus rides in my vessel and I [Music] feel he gives me peace in the midst of the soul. When my spirit has been broken till it's messed by misery when the doctor shakes his head and looks for Lord. Yes, Jesus comes to my bedside. a cathedral of faith and love. He'll give you peace in the midst of the How many testifiers says amen this morning? Everybody singing well. He gives me peace in the midst of my soul. He is my anchor. He's the rock I build my Jesus Christ in my vessel. I feel no alarm calls. He gives me peace in the midst of the storm. Yes, he gives me peace in the midst of my stor. Hallelujah. My hope is in the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, my hope my hope is in the Lord. Amen. Praise God. Amen. We haven't sung that one in a while. They got to look that one up. Amen. It's a good song though. Amen. My hope is in the Lord. This time all ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Help me sing that again. My hope is my hope is in the Lord. This time all ever [Applause] more is in Lord forever more. Oh yes. Hallelujah. I'm standing all with me in the presence of the Lord. from the wisdom of the aes for whom the raging of the sea subside. Thank you Jesus. He is the living sacrifice and the only source of life. My hope is in the Lord. [Music] This time he [Music] ever my hope always is in the Lord forever more. Tender mercies. His tender mercies come with every rising sun. meets the sinner in his brokenness. Oh, thank you, Lord. He offers healing and forgive. Oh my. And those who trust, hallelujah, they'll find their hearts and rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time [Music] on ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Second verse again. Thank you, Lord. Thanks for his mercy. His tender mercies come with every rising sun. He meets the sinner in his broken heaven. He offers healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him, yes, they'll find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Yes. My hope is in the Lord. Yes, I'm all ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord where the Lord hallelujah. No better place. Amen. No better place. Hallelujah. All my expectations in Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Request that we sing this one. this morning. Thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're the glory and the lifter of my It's old song. Amen. It's all right, though. Amen. Praise God. Thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, how are they increased that trouble me? Many are they that rise up against [Music] me. Many there be that save of my soul. There is no help for him in God. But thou, Lord, are the shield for me. Glory, lifter of my head. Thou Lord are a shield for me. You're my glory, lifter of my head. Well, I cried unto the Lord with my voice and he heard me out of his holy hill. I laid me down. I slept. I awaken. The Holy Ghost of God sustain me. Oh, and now Lord your shield for me my glory and the lifter of my head. Hallelujah. For thou Lord are the shield for me. Glory the lifter of my head. I will not be afraid. 10 thousands of demons who have set themselves against me round about. No, I will not be afraid. 10 thousands of demons who have set themselves against me round about. Why? Because thou Hallelujah. My Lord, your shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, thou my Lord, your shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. [Music] Yes, I cried unto the Lord with my voice and he heard me out of his holy hill. Oh hallelujah. Yes. I laid me down and I slept when I awakened. Oh, the Holy Ghost of God sustained me. For thou, oh Lord, you're a shield for me. You're my glory and the lifter of my head. Oh yes, thou, oh Lord, your shield for me, my glory and the lifter of my head. You're my glory and the lifter of my [Music] head. Yes, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus, man. As our brother comes to bring the word of God today, just sing this little chorus. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God my yesterday is gone. Oh, thank you Lord. Well, all my sins are forgiven. Oh yes, I been washed by the blood. Hallelujah. Yes, I am. Yes, Jesus. I've been held by the Savior. Amen. How many say this? Oh, I felt the fire from above. Yes, Jesus. I've been down to the river and my testimony has worked. Oh, I ain't saying I'm a prodigal [Applause] returner. And all my hope is in Jesus. Oh, thank God. Thank you, Lord. My yesterday is gone. Oh, hallelujah. All my sins are forgiven and I've been washed by the blood. Let's just go to that third verse. I was born in [Music] sed. Oh, hallelujah. Yeah. The devil, he tried his best to keep me down. I'm just glad you heard that voice this morning. Oh, but then I heard from my [Music] the by the message of Malachi I hallelujah. And now turn all my hope in Jesus. Oh, thank God my yesterday is gone. Thank you, Lord. Well, all my sins are [Music] forgiven. Oh yes, I've been washed by your blood. All my sins are [Music] forgi. Church, I been washed by the [Music] blood. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you for that blood, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that as our brother comes. The blood that Jesus shed for me. Y'all sing with me, please. Way back on Calary. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It'll never lose its power. Sing. It soothes. Oh, it soothes my doubts and it calms my fears. Oh Jesus, yes, that same blood dries all my tears. And the blood still gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. Oh, sing it out now, church. This because it reaches to the highest highest mountain and it flows to my [Music] lowest valley. of love that gives me strength from day to day. [Music] Amen. Can we sing it one more time? Amen. One more time. Pour it reaches. Oh, it reaches. Oh yes. How many's thankful for that blood? This [Music] mountain is my blood and gives me strength from day to day. No, we will [Music] never lose. Hallelujah. Amen. We're so thankful for the blood. Oh, what a precious blood. Amen. And I'm I'm so glad he sang that song cuz that's that's what I got on my heart this morning is that blood. Amen. What a precious blood that saved us. Amen. It it'll never lose its power. It's still got power to heal the sick. It's still got power to save the vilest sinner. Amen. It's still pumping daily for our every need. And I'm so thankful for it. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. I just appreciate all you. appreciate brother Samuel for giving us the opportunity once again to be here. Just pray the Lord bless him wherever he's at this morning. And may the Lord just have his way in our midst this morning. Amen. If you have your Bibles, thank you musicians. We'll go straight to the word. Amen. Exodus 12. Amen. It's just good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. We sure want to remember the ones that can't be here. pray if there's any out sick or different needs, we just pray the Lord be with them where they're at. And just my wife had a little surgery at the beginning of this week, so she's still taking it easy from that. So, we just pray for her this morning and we'll we'll bring her with us one of these times, Lord willing. But I'm glad to have my dad here this morning, help us drive again. Sure appreciate him. Amen. Exodus 12. We're going to read the first 13 verses here. Just pray that's okay to just stay in this channel of Exodus. That's where I've been. So, just pray it's a blessing. It says, "And the Lord spake unto Moses and Aaron in the land of Egypt, saying, this month shall be unto you the beginning of months. It shall be the first month of the year to you. And speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel, saying, In the 10th day of this month, they shall take to them every man a lamb, according to the house of their fathers, a lamb for a house. And if the household be too little for the lamb, let him and his neighbor next unto his house take it according to the number of the souls. Every man according to his eating shall make your count for the lamb. And your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year. You shall take it out from the sheep or from the goats, and you shall keep it up until the 14th day of the same month. And the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening. And they shall take of the blood and strike it on the two sidepost, and on the upper doorpost of the houses, wherein they shall eat it. And they shall eat the flesh in that night, roast with fire, and unleaven bread, with bitter herbs they shall eat it, and eat not of it raw, nor soden at soden at all with water, excuse me, but roast with fire, his head with his legs, and with the pertinence thereof. And you shall let nothing of it remain until the morning. And that which remainth of it until the morning, you shall burn with fire. And thus shall you eat it with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, your staff in your hand, and ye shall eat it in haste. It is the Lord's Passover. For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast, and against all the gods of Egypt, I will execute judgment. For I am the Lord. And this blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you. Amen. When I smite the land of Egypt. If we could just bow our heads for a word of prayer. If you have a need, just make it known unto the Lord this morning. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for your grace and your mercy. Father, your presence that's here in the building, Father, already even as we just seen how you orchestrated the songs, Father. Lord, what a precious blood. Father, we thank you for this assembly, Lord. And what a precious people they are to me, Father, and I know they are to you. And Lord, I pray that you just minister to the needs of their heart this morning, Father. Lord, I don't know their needs. And Father, I pray that you would just close my lips from saying anything that you wouldn't have us to say. And Father, once again, we ask that you would open them, Lord, in your mercy and grace to speak to that which your children have need of, Father. and we'll be sure to give you the glory for you're the only mighty one amongst us, Lord. You're the only one who can discern the thoughts of the heart, Father. And Lord, we pray that you have your preeminence this morning and we'll be sure to give you the glory, Lord. May you just give us a special grace, Father, as we commit these things in your hands in Jesus name. Amen and amen. You may have your seats this morning. Amen. And it's just pray just the Lord give us grace. We'll just take a few moments on these things and try not to hold you long today. But just want to take a little thought out of that text on it. It's applying time. It's applying time. Speaking of the token that we're going to get to on it's applying time, but just for a few moments to to lead up to where we last time we were here, we spoke on that that conference that Moses had at the burning bush. Amen. brother Brian, how he he met that pillar of fire in that bush and he began to commune with it and begin to receive a commission from that pillar of fire that that voice of that fire would come into a prophet and begin to minister to the people that which they would have need of in that season. And as he's beginning to have that conference, of course, he's beginning to wonder, well, what shall I say? Or or or how sh how shall they believe me? And the Lord begin to talk to him and tell him what was going to take place and tell him how it was going to be when he went down there. And he begin to show him that he would give him two signs. And the signs, of course, there would be a voice to follow the sign. But those signs would be to to catch the attention or to vindicate that God had sent him. And they begin to give him a sign of of of a judgment rod that would be in his hand that he could cast it down and it would turn into a serpent and he could take it up again and it would turn back into a rod and it would be the the judgment rod. And of course, brother Brandon would say that the name of the Lord is the rod that was in the hand of Moses is the name of the Lord in the hands of the church today. And so that would be his first sign. And he said if they wouldn't listen to the voice of the first sign, they would hear the second sign. And he began to show him how he could take his hand and put it in his bosom and take it out and it would be full of leprosy. And then he could take it again and put it back in and pull it out and it would be cleansed. And brother Brandon picked that up and begin to say that it shows that a judgment rod is not to be handled with the hand of leprosy, but it's to be handled with clean hands. Amen. He's showing that a a minister of this gospel or or somebody that would handle this word should not handle it, amen, with dirty hands of the world, but they should handle it with cleansed hands that have been cleansed by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. And brother Brandham would get so uh appalled and disgusted and begin to tell about those like Jimmy Osborne and Elvis Presley that would come up and even I believe he said Jimmy Osborne had got on the station and you know there he was singing his worldly music maybe the night before and then get up and read a scripture and testify. And brother Bram said, "These things shouldn't be so, but this word should not be handled in an unclean mouth or with unclean hands, but it should be handled by the hand that had been dipped, amen, in the blood of Jesus Christ." Amen. That we were all born in sin. Amen. And we were all shaped into iniquity. So, we came into the world with dirty hands. But he said, "You shouldn't handle this word with dirty hands." But God wants somebody with clean hands. Amen. God's looking for a clean church. Amen. People that'll handle this word. Amen. in in a delicacy and an honor and a respect because it's Christ. Amen. It's we're not handling the words of some man. These are the words of God. He said they should be handled with clean hands. Amen. Just like he would take the ashes of the red heer and the waters of separation. He said those those ashes were to be kept in a clean place and handled by by by by the priest and those with clean hands. They weren't kept in a dirty place. They weren't just stored anywhere, but they were stored in clean vessels and handled with clean hands. And that's my desire today as the Bible talks about having clean hands and having a pure heart. I believe that's my desire this morning. Lord, don't ever let me, Amen, handle this word with a dirty conscience or dirty hands of the world. But Father, sanctify me, Lord, by this word that I might deliver it to your people in a cleanly way. Amen. Not to get up here. Amen. And and brother Brandham talked about how you should study to show yourself approved. He said how you shouldn't just uh uh someone in the bar room one night and then put him in the pulpit, you know, just in a week or two. He said you should study to show yourself to prove. Not a fly by night, but to be sure that that vessel has come through the cleansing of the washing of the water of the word before they would ever handle, amen, the word of God or or or or you know, to get up and make a mockery of it. But but it should be a clean thing. Amen. I believe that's what Pilate wanted. Amen. Because he had the blood of Jesus on his hands. But he tried to wash it in the water of just some church or some creed or putting his name on a book. And you can't wash the blood of Jesus off your hands. Amen. With the water of just a natural water, a natural church or a natural, amen, dryeyed confession. But it would take the blood of Jesus. Amen. to wash the sinner's hands. Amen. And give him a clean heart. And I believe it's available this morning. And it it can only come by the blood. Amen. It can only come through that washing of the blood that a people could have a clean hands and a pure heart. Amen. And and I so love it. Brother Brandon beginning to show these two signs given to Moses. And he said if they don't heed to the first sign or the second sign that he should take water out of the river and pour it on the land and it would become blood. Amen. And he be even would tie that to how the disciples would go into the land and if their message wasn't received and they were persecuted and cast out. He said they should uh uh shake the dust off their shoes or wipe the dust off and leave because I it's showing that there's been a rejection of the word. There's been a rejection of the message. And he said if the those two signs were rejected, there would come a drenching of blood showing that those who would reject it and turn it away that there would come a drenching of the blood. Amen. That that they would have to wash their dust from the feet and move on because they wouldn't receive it. And brother Bram said if they won't hear that, just take water and pour it upon the ground. And that was the sign that they'd be drenched there in their own blood. And another place he said their their blood's already drenched in it. Then Egypt is finished. We've had the first and God the second. I wonder if the next isn't the drenching of the blood and showing that it was a serious time that judgment was coming. And it was important, Amen, that those that would receive the messenger and the message for that hour would be safe. But those that would reject it, amen, of course, they would begin to go into judgment. And so, and so Moses begins to receive this commission from that pillar of fire. And he goes to his father-in-law and ask if he can return to Egypt. And the Lord begins to show him that it's time to go. All those that sought your life, they're they're they're no longer living. They're dead. It's time to go down into Egypt. And so he begin to saddle up on that on that mule with his wife and with his children. And as brother Brandon begins to dramatize that so many times about that one-man invasion. There he is riding down that dusty road with his family and that staff in his hand going down to take over. Amen. A one-man invasion. And and the Bible says Moses took his wife and his sons and set them upon an ass. And he returned to the land of Egypt. And Moses took the rod of God in his hand. And the Lord said unto Moses, when thou goest to return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand, but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go, and thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, thus sayeth the Lord, Israel is my son, even my firstborn, and I say unto thee, let my son go, that he may serve me. And if thou refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay thy son, even thy firstborn. So we see how the scene is being set that that what the reason that that last plague was going to be the death of the firstborn was because Israel was God's firstborn. Amen. A as as as the Bible talks about Ephraim and Manasseh as they would come forth out of that womb and Jacob was going to bless him. I believe it was and and that one hand stuck out and they and they and they uh I believe tied the ribbon around it showing that that would be the one to receive the blessing. But then they ended up pulling that hand back in and the other son came out first showing that it would be the cross. Amen. Where Israel would be the firstborn. But the blessing would go to the Gentile at the cross. Amen. Because Israel would reject the Messiah. Amen. Amen. For our sakes that the Gentile people might receive the mercy of the blood and God would take onto him a gentile bride. Amen. But Israel was the firstborn. Israel, Amen, would be the firstborn. But that gentile bride came in under that cross and receive the blessing. Amen. I'm thankful for that cross, for that blood. Amen. That we might re that we might have a part in this. But Israel was to be a firstborn. And so God is is beginning to tell him that if you don't let my firstborn go, then I will slay your firstborn. And so he begins to go down into Egypt. And the Bible says it came to pass by the way of in the end that the Lord met him and sought to kill him. And that's when Zapora took a sharp stone and cut off the foreskin of her son and cast it at his feet and said, "Surely a bloody husband art thou to me." So he let him go. And he then she said, "A bloody husband thou art because of the circumcision." And someone asked brother Brandham that what does that scripture mean that God aimed to kill Moses or his son? And brother Brandham begins to bring out that circumcision was given as a sign to Abraham. A and Moses had forgot to circumcise his own son. Here he is going down. Amen. To take part in a deliverance. Here he is going on his journey down to Egypt. But the very delivering sign of circumcision he had failed to execute and God was going to kill him because he got so caught up in the journey and so caught up in what he was going to do that he forgot the seal of circumcision. And brother Brandham begins to bring out I mean my how how people are trying to go into all the world and and build schools and and and build seminaries and try to get people saved and they're forgetting the seal of circumcision. He said there they go and they're amen leaving husbands and wives and it's becoming amen they're not handling it with clean hands. It's they're making it a dirty thing. And amen. And and yet maybe it looks like good works to go into all the world and try to try to spread the gospel, but they're forgetting the seal of circumcision. And God said, Amen. We Amen. I He said here, "God, send us a zapora." Amen. Because the church is trying to go on and they're forgetting the seal of circumcision. And he said, "God, send us a zapora." Amen. That would would put a stop to it. And it saved Moses's life because God was angered at Moses and ready to kill him because he was forgetting the seal of circumcision. But Zapora said, "Hold it, Moses." Amen. Wait, you're forgetting something. And so, he would have to circumcise his son before they would go down to Egypt. But but we want to notice this because Gersham and I don't I don't know if the scripture says exactly that that's that that's who they were talking about but but it would have been Moses's son and I assume it would have been his firstborn that he had forgot to circumcise. So here they were circumcising his firstborn. See this was a prophet's son and he was going to be circumcised at that time before they ever got into Egypt. But we're but but we're heading towards the token now. And at the time of the token, that circumcision wasn't going to be enough. Or else, why would the token be required? So, there was there there was a time where Moses's son was actually circumcised, which was the covenant that was given to Abraham, but but but there's coming a change where God is going to require more than a circumcision, but he's going to require a token. Even as brother Brandon would begin to dramatize that on that Passover night that those priests and things would raise up and think, well, I'm a circumcised Jew and and this and that. But he said, God didn't say when I see the covenant. God didn't say when I see the circumcision. God said when I see the token, I will pass over you. I must see the life. Amen. Not just to say, well, I'm a believer, but I don't know about that message. I don't know about the days of miracles still being in action. I don't know about all this, but I'm a believer. He's saying, "No, it's more than that. You must have a token of the Holy Ghost upon your life." Amen. Brother Bram said, "No matter how much anyone could prove he was a Jew and a covenant Jew by circumcision." That didn't do anything about it at all. It took the token, not the covenant. He never said, "When I see the covenant sign, when I see the token." So he said, "Today, you might be a professed Christian. You might be a covenant with covenant with Christ. But unless that token is displayed in this late hour that we're coming to now, there's no way for him to pass over, the token must be displayed. Amen. And brother Brandham said, "A Jew could furnish the evidence that he was in the covenant, but the token wasn't there. The covenant was without any effect." Amen. The token had to be there for the covenant to be in effect. Amen. Maybe there was a time when they had lived under that circumcision, but now they're coming into a time where the co to token must be there to show that the covenant is in effect. I love it because brother Brandon would begin to perform wedding ceremonies and he would begin to perform vows between a husband and a wife and he would, you know, say, "Will you take this man? Will you take this woman?" And they would say, "I will." And then brother Brandham said,"I will require a token of you that this covenant betw twixed you that's been made will always be kept." And they would have to have a token to show that that covenant would be kept. Amen. And there was a time when this bride existed under a denominational Pentecostal age. And maybe there was a time where those things were okay. But now they're coming into a season where God is calling out a bride and an exodus. And he's bringing a uniting between husband and wife because the word has come down and is and is uniting with amen the female part the bride that's here on the earth and it's a marriage and a prophet standing on the scene saying amen will you take this man to be your husband and will you take this woman to be your wife and I will require a token to show that this covenant will be kept and in effect. Amen. I won't just require, we're not under a mean just a justification or sanctification, but he said, I will require a token. If you want to be called the bride, if you want to escape the tribulation, then you must have a token to show, amen, that you are in this union, that you are in this covenant with Christ. Oh my, I I believe it's a token time. Amen. And and so even though they circumcised his son, they were coming down into a change where the token would be required. And so God gives Moses these signs and he begins to go down into Israel and he gathers the elders of Israel and and they believe on Moses. But of course, Pharaoh's heart begins to harden and he says, "I won't let the people go." And he begins to increase the labor, amen, of the children of Israel. and begins to say, you know, where they have to gather their own straw and the different things. He begin to increase the labor, but God said, I'll multiply my signs and wonders in the land of Egypt. And so Moses ministry begins to come down and he begins to cast down that that serpent. He begins to exercise those two signs to the people of Egypt. Amen. I a and Pharaoh's heart would begin to get hardened. And so God would begin to pour out those plagues. The water would turn to blood. The frogs would come. The the gnats would come. The flies would come. The livestock would begin to die. The boils would come. The hell would come. The locust would come. Darkness would come. And then it would finally come down to the death of the firstborn. And and these aren't just history lessons, but these are types that are laying in scripture. I mean, showing what would take place in this end time. And brother Brandon begins to say, "Wait till I preach on those plagues opening up, showing that there would be a judgment that would come in this end time. There would be plagues that would be poured out. That would be horrible sights that would come as a judgment in this end time." And brother Brandham said, "Oh, brother, you better get to go while there's time to get to go. Don't pay any attention to this outside." And I'm so thankful. Amen. There they were. And judgment was coming. There they were. A a and the plagues were being poured out in the land of Egypt. But God had provided a chosen people a land that was called Goan. He said, "You better get to Goan." Amen. While there's time to get to Goan, there stood an angel of mercy saying, "Get to go. Escape hither. Come quickly, for I can do nothing until you come hither." And God be to gather his children into the land of Goan. It was a place of comfort and plenty. It was a region of Egypt and it was in Egypt. It wasn't outside of Egypt. It was in Egypt, but it was east of the Nile Delta and it was granted to Jacob and his descendants by the king of Egypt and inhabited by them until the Exodus. You see that Jacob and his children were living in Canaan, but there was coming famine in Canaan. There was coming, Amen. There was no food any longer in Canaan at all dried up, but there was a Joseph that was in the land. And so they said, "We'll go down to Joseph to see if we can get some food for our livestock and for our family." And so they went down to Joseph and and Joseph would begin to tell them that thou shalt dwell in the land of Goan, and thou shalt be near unto me, thou and thy children, and thy children's children, and thy flocks, and thy herds, and all that thou hast. Amen. Famine was in Canaan, Canaan. But when they got into Gan, there was spiritual food in due season in Goan. Amen. Plagues were be about to fall in Egypt. But there was safety in Goan. Oh my. Brother Bram says the spirit. He says perfect of the church today. The only place spiritual food is given out is in the kingdom of Jesus Christ. I mean, that's where there's food. Joseph uh Jo goan in Exodus 8:es 20 to 23 we'll just read the 22nd and 23rd verse it says I will sever in that day the land of goan in which my people dwell that no swarms of flies shall be there oh my to the end thou mayest know that I am the Lord in the midst of the earth and I will put a division between my people and thy people tomorrow shall this time be. Amen. He said, "The plagues are going to fall, but in the land of Goan, I will put a division. I will sever you, Amen, from the judgments of Egypt. I will sever you from the famine of Egypt. I will put a division between you and the judgments of Egypt. There'll be no flies in Goan. There'll be no hell in Goan. There'll be no fleas in Goan. But I will hide you away. And in my pavilion, you'll be hid away in the time of trouble. And I like how it said, "I will put a division." I mean, it wasn't going to be a man-made division, but it would be a division that would come from Almighty God. It wasn't a wall that they were going to build around it. It wasn't an armed force that was going to stand around it, but there would be a supernatural division that would be placed there by Almighty God. Oh, sometimes man tries to bring the division. And they begin to separate between different classes of people. And if you have a mean rich or poor and they begin to divide them and amen maybe if you if you look good or if you don't look good and man would begin to divide that way but that's not how God divides. Amen. But in the kingdom of God amen he said even the unc on uncumbly parts amen would be bestowed abundant honor. Amen. In God's kingdom he said there'll be no schism. There'll be no division because God grants honor to the unhonorable. Amen. and he's able to take every part, amen, and give it a place in his kingdom. But when man tries to divide, they'll they'll say, "Well, uh uh you have to be a certain class to to to be in this position." But that's not how God divides. But God separates by his word. That's how God separates. Brother Bram says when it comes to the separating time, the word done the separating. So it is today the word done the separating. Amen. Man doesn't do the separating. Amen. I I don't come up here and say, "Well, you're in and you're out and you're in and you're out." No, I just preach the word and it's the word that does the separating. As the Bible says, how can two walk together except they be agreed and and brother, I may lose some friends in this journey. But I don't want to lose a friend because I I went off the the handle and I got mad and I got angry and I got upset at them. But if I ever have to leave some friends behind, I want it to be because I'm walking with the vindicated word for the hour. Amen. I wish to God, Amen, that every man and woman on the earth could walk with this word. But if I have to walk alone to walk with this word, then I'll walk alone. Amen. And I'll let the word do the separating because it's the word that's magnetized me in this hour. And I say it's nothing but the truth and it's a separating time. Amen. And if you don't want to be identified with the judgments of Egypt, amen, then you don't want to be identified with those denominational systems because that's Egypt and they're going into judgment. Amen. But this is a time to separate from the world and the things of the world and say, "I believe the message of the hour. I'm not here to water it down. I'm not here to make it lukewarm and formal and powerless. Amen. I'm in goan and I'm enjoying a feast of a seven course meal and I will not. Amen. Like that old Balam doctrine to say we're all one. Let's come together. Let's all be one. Amen. But that's not how God operates. Go. Amen. Brother Brham said they weren't brothers. They were half brothers. Amen. And we're not all the same. We're not brothers with the Methodists and the Baptist and I mean and the Pentecostals. We are a separated people called out by the message of the hour. As that Revelations 18 voice said, "Come out from among her, my people that you receive not of her plagues." Amen. And if you don't want to receive of her plagues, you've got to have a separation. Oh, God called Abraham to a separation. Amen. God called a prophet to a separation. He said, "You're walking with too many. To walk with me, you'll walk alone. We are not the same." Amen. There's got to be a separation as God would separate the sheep and the goats and God would separate the wheat from the tears. And I like how Joshua said it. Amen. Choose I if it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom you will serve. Whether the gods which your father served that were on the other side of the flood or the gods of the Amorites in whose land ye dwell. But as for me in my house, we will serve the Lord. Amen. That's how I feel tonight. Ask for me in my house. We will serve the Lord. Amen. And then he said, "Farther down now, therefore, put away, said he, the strange gods, which are among you and include, incline your heart onto the Lord God of Israel." Amen. It's a separating time. Choose you this day who you will serve. Amen. Do you believe the message or don't you? Amen. Are you the bride or aren't you? Amen. It's time to put a stake down in your land and say, "This is who I am." Amen. This is what I believe. This is what belongs to me. This isn't a time to sit on the French fence. Amen. Judgment is coming. Amen. This is token time. Amen. The the world is gathering into a world council of churches, but a bride is being called out and separated for a rapture in a millennium, saying, "Come out of her, my people, and be ye separate." Oh, like Elijah said, "How long haul ye between two opinions? If the Lord be God, follow him." But if bell, then follow him. And the people answered him not a word. My what it would have been like to be there on that mountain that evening. Amen. When Elijah makes that proclamation, if God be God, then serve him. And if Bale be God, then follow him. And the people answered not a word. Amen. But brother Brandon would begin to show how God had a 700 elect people down there and they were still out in those systems. But that Elijah ministry was going to call them out of those systems. And it would be an elect people that would not bow to the image of Bale. And this message, oh, there's a 700. There was a bride. There was a number, a multitude of people that would begin to come out of those denominations and said, "Elijah, you're not alone. Elijah, we're with you. We won't bow to this bell. God is God and we'll serve him. Amen. And this message is right and we'll serve the message of the hour. This is not time to bow our knee to a denominational spirits and begin to give away our land. This is a separating time. Amen. To say this is what I believe. Oh God, give us clean hands. Amen. that we would, if we call ourselves a message church, that we would handle the message with clean hands and not begin to let little things come in, little gray areas. Amen. You begin to let spirits get in and before you know it, oh my Amen. Uh uh those denominational spirits begin to creep in. Amen. But that's not who we are. That's not what we're here for. We're a bride. We are message believing, message sons and daughters of God. And we are not here, oh my, to to to Amen. Just spread our fence into the Egyptian lands. But oh God, hide us away in Goan. Separate us, Lord. Divide us. Amen. For rapture. Oh, there'll be a time when it'll let him that's filthy be filthy still, and him that's holy, holy still. The world will go worse and worse, but God's spirit will get greater and greater. Oh, that's the side I want to be on. Amen. My that's the side I want to be on. As God would separate the light from the darkness. As it says in Genesis 1:4, God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. He sent the light to separate darkness from light. And brother Brham said, "Let there be light." And God separated the light from the darkness. And I believe that we are now living in that hour again when God is separating light from darkness. In shalom, skipping down, he says it's light time. It's light time coming for the believers, but it's gross darkness for the people. He said in shalom, the only light that we can have today in the church is God vindicating his light to this generation. He said it's coming a time when the light in the darkness will have to be separated one from the other. church in its order will take the order of the day and Christ and his lightword promise will go in the rapture and turn on the light. He said and the word of God made manifest always separates the light from the darkness. People can rise up with this that or the other isms can rise. Communism, fascism, all other isms can rise. Superstition cults whatever it might be might rise. But when that king light of the Bible raises up all superstitions and things, but you see, we know it's there, but until it's vindicated, proves it's light, then we have no right to argue against that because it shuts out all the other light out. Amen. God sends the light to separate, Amen. light from darkness. and at the rising of the sun. Amen. We who once walked in dark denominational light have been separated under the message of the hour. That we're no longer walking in confusion. We're no longer arguing about what the scripture means, but we're walking in clear vindicated light and it's shining down upon us and we know where we're at and we know what we believe. Amen. Because when the ninth plague of darkness fell upon Egypt, there wasn't darkness in Goan, but Goan was in light the whole time. Oh, arise, shine. Thy light has come, and the glory of the Lord is being revealed upon you. Amen. Darkness shall be upon Egypt and gross darkness upon her people. Amen. But thy light has come. Oh, little bride, you're not walking in darkness, but you're walking in the light. Oh my. and you're not going to judgement. Exodus 9:26 said, "Only in the land of Gan, where the children of Israel were, was there no hell. Oh my, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me shall not come into the judgment, but has already passed from death onto life." Brother Brandham takes that goion and he's showing that it's a type of the church going in the rapture just before the tribulation period that the church wouldn't go through the tribulation. He said when you see the plagues falling they were in Egypt, wasn't they? God was bringing his people out to the promised land. Is that right? And Israel never received one plague. Just as the plagues before it went, they went into go. Is that right? And the sun never did dim out. No mosquitoes come. Oh glory. That's a reason to shout. No mosquitoes come. No frogs was there. No lice was there. No storms was there. No lightning was there. No killing on the cattle was there. Everything they had was preserved in goan. Is that right? It's a type of the church going just before the tribulation period. Jesus said when you see these when these things begin to come to pass, lift up your head. Your redemption is nigh. He said I believe the moon and sun and stars that they said that. Go ahead and read it. said, "And men run and hid themselves and fell upon sought to kill themselves and couldn't do it and everything." He said, "I believe that that takes place just before the tribulation." I mean, he's showing that a bride wouldn't go through the tribulation. And and and I don't know how dark it'll get before the rapture. I I don't know just how dark it might get. I don't know just what it's going to look like on the threshold of that morning. It may get dark, but whether it's dark in this land or not, whether Amen. Whether judgment is beginning to leak out upon the earth or not. Amen. The bride is hid away in go. And he said, Amen. Amen. There shall no evil befall thee in Psalms 91. Neither shall any plague come n thy dwelling. Amen. That's he said, flee to go. Amen. Amen. Darkness is here. Plagues are coming, but oh little bride, you which are in goan, you shall not, Amen. be judged with the wicked, Amen. But you shall receive a way of escape. Oh, an angel of mercy calling us out. Amen. Brother Brand said, "The Egyptian doctors, which was far smarter, far smarter than ours today, could not stop the plagues of God. Neither could their soothsayers or their impersonators. It took Gan in the power of God to hold his people under the blood of the lamb. Oh my friends, I'm not looking for the best doctors. I'm not looking for some great bomb shelter or some great stockpile of food and water. But brother Brandham said it took Gan in the power of God to hold those people under the blood of a lamb. Oh my. And that's where I'm investing myself this night. I'm not looking. Amen. Amen. to see how much I can build up and and how many cans of food I can put on the shelf. And when I'm looking to get under the blood of the lamb for this hour and say, "Lord, hide me away under that blood. For you said, Lord, that under that blood, we wouldn't be partakers of the plagues of this world. Lord, judgment may be coming, but rapture will come before the tribulation comes. And the bride, Amen, will not be judged with the wicked. Oh, but she'll be caught away in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Oh, because God is gathering his people. He was gathering his Israelites into his provided place at that time. And as Moses's message begin to go forth, Israel begin to gather into go. God had provided a place for them to gather. Oh my brother Brandham say when Moses began his ministry in Israel with great signs you see Israel quickly gathered from all over Egypt to go and coming back to the home place because they know something was fixing to happen. Oh what a type. It's a gathering sign. Don't you you see how brother Brand would talk about how those animals I mean when when earthquake was about to strike would gather in the middle of the field away from the walls because their instinct would tell them something's coming and a a a and what caused those animals to get into Noah's ark that day something some call some instinct begin to gather them into the ark and so amen a amen those children of Israel amen were scattered for a and and they went out into the world when Titus would besiege the city and a and they would even amen tragedy would come and so they were scattered. Amen. A and and because of that cross amen the firstborn was crossed that the gentile might come in. Amen. When Jesus come and died on the cross, they rejected him and crucified him and and Jesus would come and say, "How oft would I have gathered you as a mother does her brood, but she would not." You see, they rejected the gathering at that time because the gentile bride must come in. Oh, but God would say, "I will gather you again. Oh, I will gather you again, my children." And in the 1940s, those planes begin to return back to Israel. At the same time that our prophet was receiving a commission from an angel and as they're gathering back to their homeland, uh, Brother Brandon begin to preach a message which would be the shout that would begin to gather a bride into her homeland. The message of the hour. Amen. What? It's a gathering sign. Amen. The bride is gathering under the revealed word. Amen. Because judgments are coming. But judgments won't come except a hand of mercy would come first, demon to give a way of escape to those that would desire a way of escape. And this message begin to gather you into the one provided place. Amen. Not just a certain church, not a certain denomination, but by one spirit. We're baptized into one body. Amen. By one spirit, we would be gathered into one body under that lamb, which is Christ. Gathered into Christ. all by one spirit baptized into one body. For there's one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one name, one provided place. There's one head that this bride is gathered under. And it's the headship of the revealed word. I said where I'll put my name. That'll be my provided place. Amen. Where I, brother said, what is the life? The name. He placed the name on the person. He's showing that at the Passover night that there would be a provided place that the people could gather and that would be where he puts his name. Amen. And of course, his name is Jesus. And he put that name on on Christ and that by one spirit we might be gathered into Christ. And he begins to take that to the token showing that when you come up to someone's house and before you knock on the door, you look at the sign on the door to make sure you're at the right house. and it says Hatfield. It shows that I mean that that's the name that that family has gathered under in that house. And it's showing that the blood on the door was the the life is the name. Showing that if that life was on the door, it shows that that was they were under that name of Jesus. They were gathered under the life of that name and they were gathered in Christ. They might have been in different houses. Amen. Every family might have been in a different house, but they were all under that same name, all under that same blood. And that's how we're gathered this morning. We might be spread out across the world, the bride. Amen. But we're gathered under his name. Amen. We're in God's provided place of worship. Oh my. Under one head. And we're gathered at the table around the lamb. As the Bible said, wherever the carcass is, there the eagles will be gathered. Amen. And there they were preparing that lamb for Passover. Amen. But there may be come a time where that mother would say, "Amen, children, it's time to gather. The lamb is ready. It's time to gather. You've been waiting and waiting and waiting, but it's time to gather around the carcass of the lamb." Amen. in this last day. Amen. The Holy Spirit began to say, "Amen, the carcass is here. We're not feeding on yesterday's mana. We're not feeding on leftovers, but the the word of the day, the the bleeding word. Gather around it, my children, and feed on the on the word of life." Oh my, we're all feeding on the same lamb. And brother Brandon would say you would get a lamb according to the house. But brother Brandham say in the other terms every family killed a lamb but it all represented one lamb showing that we're all feeding on the same lamb. And it I it's it's the unfailing body word of the son of man that we're feeding on. And and it said that you shall let nothing of it remain until the morning and that which remainth of it until the morning you shall burn with fire. He said, "What was left over, don't let it stay till morning to come into this other age." He said, "Burn it with fire. Be destroyed." That the age that you're living in, the message of this age, it's got to be brought out of the scriptures and vindicated and proved by God that it's God doing so. So, so, so th the those children as they gathered around the table, they knew that they weren't eating leftover lamb because a prophet had instructed them, don't let it remain until morning, but burn it with fire. And so, when a prophet come in this age and he begins to store up spiritual food for the bride, we know that we're not eating on the word for another age. Amen. Because the prophet commanded, Amen, don't let those ages, Amen, remain. But this will be the word for this age. This will be the message for this hour. You'll be eating on the carcass. Oh, not a it's a fresh meat for the season. And you'll eat it. Amen. Cooked with fire. And you'll eat it with a staff in your hand and the shoes of your feet. Amen. Showing, Amen. that the that that you that you're ready to go. Amen. You're not eating it. Just Amen. laid back somewhere, but you got the staff in your hand, the shoes on your feet. You're dressed in the armor of the word like Paul would write about in Ephesians 6. Put on the whole armor. I mean, you got you got your shoes on, you got your helmet on, you got the staff in your hand, and you're eating it ready to go. And they shall take of the blood and strike it on the two sidepost and on the upper doorpost of the houses wherein they shall eat it. Where are you going to eat it? Under the blood. Where are we eating this this lamb word? We're eating it under the blood of the lamb. I mean, we're under the blood feeding on the body word of the lamb that shed his blood because it's it's it would be a time where the last plague was about to strike. Right. And brother Brandham said, "Thus sayaith," or the Bible said, Moses said, "Thus sayaith the Lord, about midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt, and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die from the firstborn of Pharaoh that siteth upon his throne, even unto the firstborn of the maid servant that is behind the meal, and the firstborn of the beast. And there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as there was none like it, nor shall be like it anymore, showing this last plague was about to fall, and it would be a plague of natural death." Amen. which was only a type of the last plague that would fall in this age and it would be a plague of spiritual death. Amen. That that that the churches they're having protractive meetings but there's no revival. The life is leaving. Amen. The shock and coming into the sea there. Amen. Amen. Death is striking. Amen. Those organizations it would be the last plague that's hit the Pentecostal church. Brother Bram said is spiritual death. Amen. The Pentecostal church. I mean, there was a time where that was the word for the season. But as brother Brandon's message is going forth, he's saying, "Death is striking even the Pentecostal church." And that's why he was calling a bride. Come out of her, my people. Come out of the Pentecostal church and come into the bride age. Amen. Leaving the Pentecostal age where death is striking and coming into a place where there is life. Amen. He said, "Not it might strike, but it will strike. If you're not under the token and not might it strike, it will strike. It's going to strike. I mean, if you're not under that token, you say, "Well, well, well, well, I I won't bow to those systems. I won't bow." I mean, I that's okay. I'll just I'll just live this way. I I don't know about that message, but I certainly won't won't bow to that beast. Oh, but the Bible said, "All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain from the foundation of the world." Amen. A and those that would try to stand up against her in that time of tribulation, they would put her to death. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's going to require token to withstand. Amen. and to not bow in this in this time. Because the Bible said that in Revelations 22, behold, he said, I gave her space to repent of her fornication, and she repented not. And behold, I will cast her into a bed and then that commit adultery with her into great tribulation except they repent of their deeds, and I will kill her children with death. And all the churches shall know that I am he which searchth the reigns and hearts. and I will give unto every one of you according to her works. He's showing what will be the punishment of that harlot and her children. He said it would be twofold. He said she would be cast into a bed of tribulation and also he would kill her children with death. He said that would what would be the cause of her death? He said usually death comes by hanging or drowning. Death comes by something. But he said the cause of her death would be death. Amen. that he would kill her children with death. I mean, what is that last plague? It's spiritual death. I mean, that all of those children as they begin to take on that mark of the beast and come into denominationalism that they would be killed with death. I mean, what was that last horse rider? It was a pale horse rider. And he said the name of that rider was death. I mean, death sat on that pale horse. Death would ride in this last age and it would kill the mother and her children. Amen. But there would be an eagle anointing to withstand the pale horse rider that God would make a way to escape spiritual death. Amen. To those overcomers of that age that they would not be hurt by that second death. As the Bible said, "Blessed is he which hath taken part in the first resurrection that the second death has no part with him." I mean, if you've been born again by the spirit of God, oh, you can't be hurt by that plague of death. Oh, but you come under the message. And I think it's so powerful that I mean, I I like to if I see a negative, I like to look for the positive. And if there would be a judgment to a mother and her daughters because they would take on the mark of that beast. Amen. What about under this token? I believe, amen, that not only can there be salvation to a mother, but a mother can claim her children under this token mark. Amen. That a mother could not only apply the token to herself, but she could begin to apply it to her household. Amen. That like Rahab hung that scarlet cord out of that window. Oh, a mother today can hang that blood over her home and say, "God, I claim them." Amen. God, if that harlot could be killed and her children with her, then I believe I can be saved and my children with me because I'm under a different mark. Oh, death can't strike that word. There's only one place where spiritual death can't strike, Brother Dave. That's under this word. Oh, there's one place of worship under that lamb. And that's the word today. Amen. Not under a dead letter, but get under the word. Oh, as the Bible said, in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. What was it? It was Jesus. And he was the lamb. As John would say, behold the lamb of God. That was the word made flesh. And he was the lamb. And the word came to Calvary and bled for you and for me. Amen. that the word could bleed for you. And there's only one place that death won't strike and that's the bleeding word of God today. Brother Brham said, "Can a denomination bleed? Can a creed bleed?" No. That's why there's no safety under those denominations. But he said, "This bride has been washed by the water of the bleeding word." Oh my. There's safety under the bleeding word. Oh, that you've been washed by the word bled for you. The word came to Calvary and the word shed his blood and been for you that you could get under the word for your day and it would wash you and death could not strike you because death had already struck the lamb. Oh my, it's going to require death. Something's going to have to pay for your sins. Amen. Something's going to have to pay for it. And the only way that death's not going to strike you is if death has already struck what you're under. Amen. And if you are in Christ, death has already struck the lamb. And so death can't strike you because you're under. And when the lamb that has already been struck as that stinger of death went into that lamb and it would lose its stinger forever, then it would be a promise to all those that would get under that lamb that you would not have to pay for your sins and your iniquities. You would not have to pay for the mistakes of yesterday and last week and last month and last year. But there would be a place that you could get under and say, "Oh my Lord, let the let the judgments fall, Lord. I have already paid the penalty because I was in you when you died on Calvary." Oh, were you in him? I mean, were you there? I mean, he hadn't separated himself yet, but I believe I was there when he went to Calvary. Oh, I was there when his blood was shed. And so, death has already struck that blood. And I'm under that blood. It'll be the token that'll make a difference. They said, "But against any of the children of Israel, oh shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast that she may know that the Lord does put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel." All that token was the difference. What made Israel different? It was the mark of that spiritual leadership of the pillar of fire. What made diff what was the Sam Samson's difference? It was that hair that he possessed which was his Nazerite vow and the difference between this bride and the rest of the world is the mark of the seal of God. There's two marks you know like in that Jubilee those that would reject the gospel trumpet sounding would take a marker in their ear that they would not hear amen the word any longer but they would be deaf into it. But brother Bram said, "God marks his when they come. God marks his by vindicating his promised word through them." That's exactly St. John 14:12. And another thing you want to put down, Mark 16, Jesus said, "These signs shall follow them that believed him. And there's two marks. There's the mark of the beast and the seal of God." Oh, and it was the mark of the token that would make the difference. Right. Amen. You said God, brother Bram said that he made a preparation. What did he do the first time? He never changes his order. Now, that's important because if you could ever find the order of God, you know, brother Shane, God never changes that order. And he said the first time when he got when he made his preparation, he sent a prophet with a message. The first thing he done to the people, he sent a prophet with a message. The next thing he done to identify this prophet, he sent a pillar of fire for identification to identify it. And the next thing he sent was the token. There's God's order. Prophet vindication token. Amen. And and and I don't remember if I read this last time, but when Brother Brand's talking about how Moses got to the Red Sea and Moses would begin to command the people, stand still. I mean, and and you'll see the salvation of the Lord. Don't don't cry. Ye need not fight in this battle. The Lord shall fight for you. And brother Brandham's saying follow instruction, not the emotion. Because if they were follow the emotion, they would have been running around the banks of that Red Sea wondering how shall we escape and how shall we do this? But he's saying follow instruction, not emotion. And so when God is making preparation, he has an order. And he sends a vindicated prophet into the land because God, his word only comes through a prophet. And so when he sends a prophet and that prophet begins to instruct a people on how to escape. Amen. Then we're not following our emotion because it would have been a very scary time I'm sure for the firstborn son to say, "Daddy, are you sure? Daddy, are you sure?" Amen. That we're going to be okay. Daddy, are you positive that we're going to be safe? And he would say, "Yes, son. This was according to thus sayaeth the Lord. This was according to what the prophet told us. And and as a man, as a human, sometimes I have trouble making decisions. It's not always my strong suit. My mother-in-law got me a sign. I I have it at my work that says, "I I used to think I was or I I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not sure." So, and that's about how I am sometimes. I I I it's hard for me sometimes to pull the plug on something because I wonder, well, is that really the right decision or not? And you wonder and you toss and fro. But when you're under a prophet, you don't have to do that. I mean, because he already gave us the instructions and all we have to do is follow it. I mean, we don't have to wonder, well, is this the right decision? Am I doing the right thing? I mean, if it's the instructions of a vindicated prophet, then you have, thus sayeth the Lord, you're doing the right thing. And you can let off the pressure because you've met the requirement of the hour. You don't have to be uncertain. And here stood our prophet. And and I think it's so powerful. Amen. The day that we're living in because if you look at the parallel of Moses and brother Brandham, you see how they both had a supernatural birth. You see how they both got their commission from a an angel. You see how they both, Amen, had a standing in the gap experience. You see how they both had two signs. You see the parallels. But now Moses is coming to his token time. And brother Brandham says in the token speaking about Moses, I believe it he's saying, "Then the prophet said, I have heard from God there will be a token and you put the blood upon the door. Slay the lamb. Put the blood upon the door and that'll be a token because death is fixing to strike." And then he says, "Let me tell you today as his servant, unless the token is on the door, there is a spiritual death going to strike." I I I I may be crazy, but I don't believe Brother Brandon was just preaching about Moses. But brother Brandon was standing as Moses stood. Moses was only the type of what was happening in this age. And there brother Brandham I'm standing saying so say I onto you that this is the time where the token must be applied. Amen. That was the token then but this was the token now. It it wasn't just preaching about the token but this was the the fullness the the antitype of what was typed back there in the book of Exodus. And brother Brandham said we've been given a token which is an antitype of that type of that natural token. We've been given the supernatural supreme token. All that that foreshadowed has been given to this generation that has been given the token. Now we have the Holy Ghost as our token. You see, brother Brandham preached the token four times. And then he he preached desperation after the first one. And he begins to explain what the token was. He begin to explain that the token would be the sign that the blood was applied. He begins to show us. And brother Brandham said this is I believe with all the message that I ever brought that absolute was ordained of God outside of of course the regular commission like the seven seals and things. This was directly the word of God that was directly the word of God. I'm talking about a message to preach. I believe that was the one that's needed to follow those seven seals. He said this was uh he said this morning message was to me the highlight message of my entire ministry. He said that was the capping off time. He said now the same thing about this token. We've talked about the we've talked to the token all the way along in desperations. He said but now is the manifestation of the token. I mean you see what's happening. Brother Brandham standing here and he's come to a place in his ministry. Amen. where it's no longer, Amen. Amen. Amen. Just a a preparation time, but it's coming to a token time. Brother Brandham said, "No other time could this type of a message ever happen. It could not have come in Luther's day. Couldn't have come in Wesley's day. Couldn't have come in Pentecostal day. It couldn't do it. There's been no such thing happened. And yet, we are promised in the Bible that we're at the end. Nothing could happen. It couldn't have happened till this time. And it's happening for a sign. wonder what is the sign. And then farther down, he said, "See, the hour sign is here. There's a token that's got to be applied. In no other time could it have come." Notice God's preparation for that time. We know what the Bible said. All those things happened. For examples, he said, he said, "You see to us, notice when God got ready to judge Egypt, first he made a preparation. Judgment was about ready to pour out on Egypt. But God had a prophet there to make preparation and he was instructing the people how to escape. And we had a prophet standing in this day saying judgment is coming. Those things happened for our example. And the prophet be to instruct a bride how to escape the judgment that were going to come because that token had to come in the evening time. Not in the morning. Not in the preparation. In the 14 days of the keeping of the lamb, Israel knows something was coming. Brother Brandham said the token never come into existence until the evening time. And this is the evening time of the age that we live in. This is the evening time for the church. This is the evening time for me. This is the evening time for me my message. I'm dying. I'm going. I'm moving out. In the evening time of the gospel, we've come up through justification and so forth. But this is the time that the token has got to be applied as they watch what come after those seven seals. Amen. This would be the one to follow the seven seals. Amen. Because God was calling a bride out of all of those denominational ages and saying, "Amen." Amen. It might have been good enough to join a church in that time. It might have been good enough to shout in that time. It might have been good enough just to live a sanctified life in that time. But this is token time. Amen. God is calling out a bride. The seals have been opened. Amen. The lamb. Amen. Come and took the book out of the hands. Who is worthy to take the book? And I looked and I saw a lamb as it was slain. Amen. Not just a lamb in a whole condition, but that lamb was slain. That Passover lamb was slain on Calvary. Amen. That his blood would be shed. that that life could return back upon a people that she might come under a token. Not just to talk about the token. They've looked for it for years and years, but this is it. I mean, brother Brand saying, "It's here. It's token time now." I mean, it might have been enough under the Pentecostal age just to get under a baptism in your spirit. But he's saying now, this token, it's the Holy Ghost himself. It's the life that you must get under. Amen. Brother Brandon could say you can have the baptism of the Holy Ghost every day of your life and go to hell. What's he speaking of? If it's just on your spirit, then you're you're under a circumcision. You're under a requirement of a past age. But the requirement of this age will be have a true baptism of the Holy Ghost which would be God coming into that gene seed and quickening that soul to life where the very person of Jesus Christ would inhabit a bride body. Amen. That the revealing of the son of man that God would reveal himself in a bride until they wouldn't just mean they wouldn't just be justified. They wouldn't just be sanctified. Oh, but a prophet could declare she is him. Amen. Life has returned. Amen. My ministry is to declare him. He is here. The requirement is changing. Amen. Like brother Bram said about Amen. They used to say speaking in tongues was the evidence. But brother Bram said, "No, it's not the evidence. It's just like when you go down to the store to buy a shoe." He said, "You don't just go and just buy the tongue." He said, "No, you buy the whole shoe and you get the tongue with it. Tongues wasn't the evidence. Amen. Amen. But the the evidence of the Holy Ghost in this age would be to receive the word for your day. Amen. There might have been a time where God just required Amen. this portion. There might have been a time where God just required the second portion, but now we have the whole shoe. And he's saying you got to have the whole shoe on if you want to be saved. And that's what the token was. He's saying there was a time where it was okay just to be justified. There was a time where it was okay just to be sanctified. But now, I mean, you must have the whole shoe on. Now, you must have the fullness of the Holy Ghost in your life if you want to escape. Amen. The judgments. Oh, you must escape into that blood. Oh, that lamb come. You know that Exodus Passover, that was the first Passover. That was the first communion. That was where the type was being laid out of a natural lamb that would be kept up, examined, and killed in the evening time before the congregation showing that the true lamb would come and he would come during the feast of Passover on a good Friday and he would be examined. And then before the congregation, Pilate and Caiaphas and these priests would examine the lamb and then they would kill him at evening time in front of the whole congregation showing that we were moving away from the lamb of the blood of a natural lamb. And we were moving into the supernatural blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, because the blood of a natural lamb couldn't return upon the people. That's why they were under a natural token. That's why they were under just the chemistry of the blood. That's why they had to apply the blood upon the door because the the life couldn't return upon him because the lamb didn't have a soul. Amen. But when our lamb came by one offering he entered in to forever perfect a bride. And brother Brandham said he was the king of souls. He wasn't just an ordinary man. the King of souls, the lamb of God, came to Calvary and shed his blood as it began to burst forth out of his being that this life could return upon the believer. That in this season, we wouldn't apply the physical blood of Jesus Christ, but the life of the blood would have to be applied upon a people that you could return. Amen. that this message I mean it went through a period where it was examined by the world and it was rejected in indictment and it was examined. I mean but there come a time where the prophet would come to the time in his ministry where it would be token time. He said oh I mean it is token time. Amen. We are not living under the preparation time anymore. It is time to get under the token. Not under the natural token. Oh, but it's time to get under. Amen. The life of Jesus Christ. Oh my. Oh my. There was a season where all that they could display was a natural blood. But in our season, we can display the full manifestation of the word of God. And I'll say this, what will you do with this Jesus called Christ? What will you do with this blood? I mean, if we can see the season we're living in, we can see that we have the life. We have the blood. And so, the question is, what will we do with that blood? Brother Brandham said, "He's on your hands. What are you going to do with him?" This Jesus called Christ. Christ is the anointed word. See, what are you going to do with it? It's the message of the hour. Brother Brandham spoke the token in 63 and he said, "We speak on this tomorrow night if it's possible and please the Lord, blood on the hands." You see, one night he was going to speak on blood on the door. And then the next night he said, "If it's possible, I'm going to speak on blood on the hands." He's saying, "Dallas, listen to reject the blood of Jesus Christ, the token of his blood. If you see it and reject it, you're going to face the judgment with his blood on your hands. Oh my. You're either going to have the blood on your door of your heart or you're going to meet him with blood on your hands. But I don't know about you, but I don't want to meet him with blood on my hands. I want to meet him with blood on my heart and clean hands. I want to meet him with clean hands and with a pure heart. So I say, God, if this is the applying time, if this is the season of the token, then Lord, give me I mean, if I had a natural jar, if you had a natural jar of the blood of Jesus Christ sitting here this morning, what would you do with it? I mean, what would you do with it? You'd probably call your family. You'd call your children. You'd say, "Come. I I I've got the blood. Come. We'll we'll sprinkle it upon you if you're sick. We'll sprinkle it upon you if you need saved. Amen. But we're not living under that season. But in this season, this blood would be a word of life. Oh, as John 6:63 said, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." 2 Corinthians 3:6, "He hath made us able ministers of the New Testament, not of the letter, but of the spirit." Amen. Amen. If was Pet was Peter speaking a dead letter or was he speaking a a bloody word when it said while Peter yet spake these words the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. Amen. So you see this morning if I had a literal canister of the blood of Jesus Christ it wouldn't do me no good because that's not what we're living in. But we have amen bleeding word of life. Amen. To begin to apply to the children of God. So that's what I'm doing when I step up behind the sacred desk. I say, "Lord, give me clean hands. And Lord, give me a pure heart. And Lord, give me a bloody word that I could begin to preach a bloody word to your children." And it would be as if a spray of the blood of the lamb would be spraying across across the congregation saying, "Lord, save them. Lord, heal them. Lord, put them under this token. Lord, draw them unto yourself. We don't want to leave a hook behind. Lord, give me clean hands and give me a bloody word. And Lord, let me spray it across the congregation. Oh, because I know that the Bible says faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. And that's how this blood is applied. It's applied with hissup. And I know that if we can just preach this bleeding word, amen, hard enough and strong enough that there's going to be a mother, amen, that'll receive faith and grab her hiss up and say, "Lord, I'm applying it for my children. I'm applying it for my prodigal Lord." Amen. As we preach this bloody word, oh, people could begin to apply it for the Holy Ghost. People could begin to apply it for their healing. People could begin to apply it for their salvation. And I think it's time, Amen, to take the blood off of the shelf and begin to apply it over our homes. Brother Brand said it's applying time. Death is going to strike one of these days. Amen. But we are in a season where we have the blood. And I say, let's apply it. Let's apply it with faith. Amen. And we aren't applying it to a day gone by, but we are applying it under the instructions of a prophet. And the prophet instructed us that Jesus Christ is the same. yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. This word is not applied. Amen. Just off into the millennium or just off into some history book. But this blood is a present tense blood. Amen. Oh, you couldn't begin to call it present tense. Oh, it's a simple faith. It don't require some orchid. Brother Brandham said some great big workup complicated thing. It's a simple faith. You begin to claim it and say, "It's for me. It's for me. If it worked for brother Brandham, it'll work for me because I hold the same token and you begin to present that token. Oh, it's yours. You have a right to it. When you have that token, it's purchasing power. You know, there'll come a time in the tribulation. Amen. Where there will be a people and they won't be able to purchase because there's going to be a boycott. They won't be able to buy or sell unless they take on the mark of the beast. But you know what? The time that we are living in, it's a time where we won't be able to purchase without the token unless you get under the mark. You won't be able, amen, to purchase the promises of God. Because brother Brandham said, Amen. Because he is here, we have the right to all that he purchased for us. Notice what was the token to do to purchase. It's a price has been paid. When you have the token, you have a right to present that token to anything that he purchased for you. And brother Brandham said, "No one can buy without it. It can only be purchased by the token." Amen. You see, if you want to ride on the bus, you can't bribe this driver with a $20 bill. He said, "You got to go through the blood and get the token. But if you get the token, I don't care if you're rich or you're poor. I don't care if you're ragged clothes or the best suit in the world. That driver cannot tell you that you're not allowed on that bus because you say, "I have the purchasing power of the token." And I'm going to tell you this morning, you cannot purchase a rapture without this token. You cannot purchase a mean a marriage supper without this token. You cannot purchase a mean thy and thy h believe in thy and thy house shall be saved. But that requires a believer because this word works for believers. Oh, those uncircumcised Philistines tried to follow the children of Israel through the Red Sea. But that promise didn't work for them because they weren't under the circumcision of the children of Israel. So, they were drowned in the Red Sea. And that's why this word works for you because you are under the covenant and you have the token in your hand and you can enter into God's great variety store and he already paid for everything. I mean, it's without money and without price. You don't have to purchase it. He already purchased it. All you have to do is accept the token by faith and be born again into the kingdom of God. And then you can walk into that variety store and say, "Hey, what am I going to purchase today? What am I going to get off the shelf today? I need healing, then purchase it. I need salvation, then purchase it. I need deliverance, then purchase it." And then present your token with your prayers and clean up your homes. Brother Brandham say you apply it and then you get the trash out of the house. I mean that's sometimes maybe that's the stage where we get to sometimes you're applying it. But if you're applying for the promise then make room for the promise to come and get the trash out of your homes and throw out the nonsense and throw out the makeup and the the addictions and the televisions and throw out all the nonsense and say, "Lord, I'm desperate. I'm desperate for my children. I'm desperate for my family. Lord. Oh, and you begin to believe that there's a living God who's able to meet the need because the word works for you because you and the word have become one and you operate as one with the word. You say, "Brother Isaac, what if I ask for the wrong thing?" Have Have you ever tried to force yourself to stick your hand in your fire in a in a fire? You and your hand are one, right? Amen. But but it's going to be very hard for you to override your brain and just to stick your hand in a fire just to show that you can do it. It you're not just going to stick your hand in a fire just to show that you can do it. It's going to be very hard for you. But let's say you your your your child runs into that fire. You're not even going to give it a second thought. Your hand will reach in and grab that child out of the fire. And that's what brother Brandham's saying. You and the word have become one. And you're not just going to exercise your power just to show that you can do it. But if your child and begins to run away from the Lord, you won't think twice about it. But you'll grab that token and you say, "Lord, I'm going after my child. I'm going after my joy. I'm going after my peace. I'm going after my inheritance. Lord, I've lost it, but you gave me the ability to purchase." Amen. If you believe, all things are possible to them that believe. speak to this mountain and it shall be moved. Ask and you shall receive. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. Oh, we've seen we've seen where they let them into the stores and they give them what's called a shopping spree and for 5 minutes they'll run like chickens with their head cut off to fill their carts as full as they can with the most expensive things. But you know what? We've been given 247 access to this whole variety store. And I say, what are we doing with this blood? What are we doing with this hissup in our hand? What are we doing with the instructions of a prophet to say, "This is what you can do. This is what you have access to." Oh my. What an hour to be alive. Amen. It's it's token time. It's applying time. It's evening time. And I know it's dark. And I know there's famine in the land. And I know that there's death in the land. Oh, but we heard a prophet cry out, "It shall be light. How about the evening time?" Oh, those that are gathered in that secret place in that ocean said, "It shall be light about the evening time." At the evening time, oh, God would manifest his resurrection like he did to his disciples. He didn't do it in the morning, but at evening time, he began to reveal himself to him. It was at evening time when Eleazar would meet Rebecca at a well and begin to draw her to the waters of life and reveal to her the revelations. It was at evening time that Isaac would see Rebecca coming across that field. It was at evening time when the son of man would be revealed. It was at evening time when the same sun that rose in the east would set in the west. It was at evening time, oh when God would say, "We've looked for it." Or God that that the whole world groans for the manifestation of the sons and God. They've looked for it and looked for it. But at evening time, sons of God would be manifested. At evening time, they've looked for the token and looked for it. But at evening time, the token would be here. It'd be at evening time. I think it's a powerful thing to recognize not only the requirements of your season. You first you got to recognize your season. We're in the season of evening time. And you recognize the requirement of your season. It's a greater requirement than any age. For where much is given, much is required. And God's going to require more of this age than any other age. He's going to require perfection because those in Hebrews 11 said, "They without us cannot be made perfect." And God would require that capstone life, that perfection. But not only do we recognize the requirements of our age, but we recognize the blessings of our season. That this is a season where a Hatty Wright could say that's nothing but the truth. and it could be unlocked to her salvation for her two boys. This is a season in the evening time, just like in the evening time of Moses ministry, there could become a creation and a taking away. In our evening time, we've seen God come down and speak squirrels into existence and speak storms out of existence. It's it's evening time and it's a time where I believe all things are possible. I believe it's a time for us to claim our rights. Amen. It's a time. It's a token time. As the musicians come, Amen. It's a desperate time. But it's not a hopeless time. We're not left without a a token. There's there's still a blood. Oh, one day that last one will come in. Oh, and this bride will be taken up. It's been typed, but one day it'll be manifested. Oh, but while there's yet blood in the bucket to [Music] apply, Brother Bram said, "I'm asking you as an individual, what do you do with the blood of Jesus Christ? What will we do with this anointed word of God that's right before us today that we know is to be the Christ, the promise of the hour? What will you do with it? What will you do with it with every head bowed, every eye closed? Brother Bram said, I feel it in your minds. You see, why will I know? How will I know? The tokens applied. Brother Bram said, look, what were you and what are you? There's how you know. See, what was you before this token was applied? What is you after it's applied? What was your desires before? What is your desires after? Then you know whether the token is applied or not and these other things just automatically go with that. You see that's one thing the token means. It means assurance. Brother Brandham said next thing after next thing was he sent a prophet. He vindicated it. Then brother Bram said the next thing was after that was a consolation. You knew it was right. You was at peace. Brother Brham said in the token oh what a positive token. There cannot be any more token. He said, "If you could only catch the thought of it, if I had the power this morning with words to express and place into your soul that's on the not your ears, but your soul and you could see the guarantee of it." He said, "It takes he said it makes you so relaxed. It makes you so relaxed." Oh, if you can realize you're under the token like that little boy could say, "Daddy, are you positive? Daddy, are you sure?" Could say, "Yes, son. We followed the instructions of a prophet. I'm sure it's a positive token. And when you have that token, it's the assurance of rapture. It's the assurance of resurrection. Like sometimes in those those those talent competitions, if they're really good, they'll give them a a buzzer and they'll be able to bypass and go into the into the final rounds because the judge granted them a pass. Oh my. And this token, it's a free pass. It's a free pass. We won't have to go through the rounds of tribulation. We won't have to go through the rounds of judgment. But he'll pass over us and we'll be able to go straight and escape those rounds and go straight to the marriage supper, go straight to the body change, go straight to the millennium. Oh, it's a free pass this morning. And if you have it, you can let off the pressure. And if you have it and you're safe, then you can begin to apply it for your children. Begin to apply it for your loved ones. Begin to apply it for your joy, for your your family. It's not meant to be a secret thing. It's meant to be on public display like Rahab's scarlet cord. It's meant to be on the lentil in the doorpost of your heart that everyone might see. Amen. That the token is applied. Amen. That everyone might see. And I want the world to see this morning that I believe this message of the hour. I want the world to see this morning that this brother Brandham, this messenger, I mean, he came from God as a seventh angel and it's nothing but the truth. I want the world to see that. I believe, amen, for my wife. I believe for my son. I believe for my loved ones. I believe, amen, that God has a bride and I'm a part of that bride. I believe I'm going out to purchase a refilling of the Holy Ghost. I'm presenting my token right now with my prayer. Lord, you said that we could ask that our joys might be full. Lord, that we don't have to just ask and live in a life of mediocrity, but we can ask for our loved ones. We can ask for joy unspeakable. We can ask for a peace that passes all understanding. We can ask to know that we know that we know that we're safe from the judgments. We can ask, Lord, and believe that the mountain that's in our way will have to be moved, Lord. We can ask. We can purchase, Lord, because you've given us purchasing power and said, "Come into my variety store and purchase anything you have need of." And Father, maybe there's a maybe there's one in this building this morning that feels like they fell in the fires, Lord. But Father, Lord, as as a body, Lord, we go after those lost lambs. And Father, we say, Lord, as you extended your arm to Peter as he be to sink in the waves, Lord, it was a desperate time for Peter, but in desperation, he cried out and the hand reached out and pulled him out of the waters. And Father, we're crying out in desperation, Lord. I pray if there's one in here without the token this morning, Lord, that they wouldn't leave here without receiving, Lord, the fullness of the baptism of your spirit. Lord, that if there's one in here that's got a wayward child, Father, we are sending out the promise for that child. We're we're claiming them, Lord. We're purchasing them, Father. Lord, we're setting a table for him, Lord. We're believing that all things are possible, Father. And if you said that we could purchase it, then Father, we're going to break out, Lord, the checkbook tonight, this morning. Lord, we are not under an empty bank. But Lord, you would bankrupt heaven to fulfill your word. And Father, we're going to start writing the checks. Lord, I don't believe it's a time to leave the the hissup in the bucket on the shelf, but Lord, I believe it's time to take it off the shelf. It's the season for it, Lord. It's the season for the manifestation of sons of God. It's the season of adoption. It's the season of the token. Lord, I believe it's the season where prodigals are going to come home. I believe it's the season where missing lens can be restored. We recognize our season, Lord. We recognize our season. Oh, I pray every son and daughter, God, in this building, even those on the stream, Father, Lord, that they would begin to apply this token and clean up their homes, Father, and clean up their lives and believe that you're a living God with living signs and living wonders. Oh Jesus, we don't want to apply it to somebody else, Lord. We want to apply it to ourselves. Father, what good is our faith if we don't put it into action? But Lord, I believe that if it worked for Brother Brandham, it'll work for me. If it worked for Brother Samuel, it'll work for me because it's the same blood, the same token. I pray you grant every desire of the hearts this morning. Lord, may we not complicate it, Father. try to reach out and build up some great big pressure of faith. But Lord, in the simplicity of taking at your word, just say, "Lord, I accept it." That's how we apply the blood in this day. It's not, Lord, by a a a a natural brush. We apply this blood by accepting it, Lord, that it would be applied to our hearts, cleaning up, Lord, making room for the promise to be fulfilled. Thank you for it, Father. We commit him into your hands in Jesus name. Oh yes. Amen. As the brother sings, oh, why don't you just go to applying the word? Oh, we love you saints. We love you saints. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to one another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. God, let us be a generation that seeks, seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, God let us be a generation that seeks seeks your face. Oh God of [Music] Jacob, we bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us [Music] humble. We turn our eyes from evil things, Lord. We cast down our idols. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to one another. God, let us be a generation that seeks your face. Oh God of Jacob, come let us be a generation that sees your face. Oh God of Jacob, God let us be a generation that sees seeks your face. Oh God of [Music] Jacob, come let us be a generation that sees [Music] sing Lord. Lord talked to Moses, told him what to say to the children of Israel in goion that day. Stand take the blood. Strike the post and the door. from pass through each of the night and smile all the [Music] [Applause] first [Music] let God in the [Music] open and we might be saved. Oh [Music] hallelujah and glory to [Applause] God. The blood of his spirit rise that the death angel make. Yes. The sweet Holy Spirit is the token today. And all that are under it. Oh, God said will be saved. Yes. Outside of his story will be found. Oh, if you want your love, keep on praying. You better get them [Applause] now. Oh, let the dead go fast. God's right in the back. Hallelujah. The [Music] token that we might be sing. Oh hallelujah and glory to God. The blood's been applied. Spirit abides. Let the death angel come. Sing that second verse. Thank God the sweet Holy Spirit. How many got it this morning? Oh, it's a token today and all that are under him. God will be saved. God destroy it. Hallelujah. Yes. If you want your love on sing. Oh, better get them in now. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, let the death angel pass. Hallelujah. Oh, God's [Applause] pres. Praise God in the [Music] [Applause] dark. Oh, thank God we sing. Oh, [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. And glory to God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, his blood. Glory. Hallelujah. Spirit of the death angel. See one more time. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, let the death angel pass. Yes. God's cry at [Applause] last in the dark and the air that we might be saved. [Music] Glor glory to God. Yes. His blood made of life. Holy Spirit abides. Let the dead open. One more time. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. Sing it church. Oh hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh his blood. Spirit abides. Let the dead angels. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, how many's glad for that token this morning? How many we appreciated that message this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. How many's going to remember you got that token? Go home. Maybe apply it to some apply it to our loved ones. Apply it to our lives. Amen. That's what I'm praying for. Lord, help me apply it in my life everywhere. Everywhere. If there's any living hidden in that house, Lord Jesus, help me. Lord, help us look for it. Lord, take care of it. Father, how many appreciates that message? That's wonderful. What it is? I love that one, too. Thank you. Can't you see why I'm happy this morning? How many's happy this morning? Praise God. Well, can't you see why I'm happy? Lord, I've accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, I reveal the word that was born. Oh, brother prophet. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank God for the token this morning. Oh, can't you see who you are? I'm happy. [Music] accepted. Your hands have revealed the word that was spoken by the prophet of And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear. Let's sing this before we go. What have I done to the glories revealed in me? Thanks for that special night. with us on your glorious love. Came face to face with Peter. Yes. And Lord, I thank thee. Not even in my wildest dreams. I think I'd see such things as the coming of the Lord is the rapture mystery. Hallelujah. I have heard but now I see God in simplicity. Spoken word is the original seed. Lord, I thank you. One more time. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve the glories to be? Thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious high to face with eternal life, Lord. Well, that sounds good. Just one last time, church, before we go. I just want to thank you, Lord. Just want to thank you, Lord, one more time for letting me hear your word. Oh, what have I done to deserve all this glory you to me? Thank you for that special night with your glorious life. He makes the face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. He face to face with eternal life. And Lord, oh, I thank thee. Oh, he's worthy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Amen. Let's bow our heads and go before him in a word of prayer. Lord, thank you so much for that message this morning. Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord, may we never take that token for granted, Lord God. Thank you so much for sending in this age, Lord, this revealed word. Lord, thank you for sending it to work in our lives, Lord Jesus. We yield to it this morning, Lord. Whatever you have in our life, Lord. We apply it to our family for deliverance, for for healing, Lord, for joy, whatever we have need of this morning, Lord. Thank you for that purchasing power, Lord. I pray that we remember it and take uh make use of it this morning, Lord Jesus. May this message that we heard this word appreciate brother Isaac. Amen. Watch over him and his father as they travel back home. Lord, everyone as they go to their home, Lord. May the angels of God watch over them uh traveling mercies, Lord. But Lord, as you send those angels to watch over us, keep us safe. May we also take this word and meditate on it, Lord, and think on it. May it go to active work in our life. We give you all the praise and all the glory for it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Church says, "Amen." God bless you. The Lord go with you. Amen. Take care of you until we meet again. You didn't have to open my eyes. Could have easily passed me by because the age I was living in, it was wretched, poor, and fine. Then I heard recognizing your day. Serpent seed and perfect faith. The breach the message of race. Lord I thank thee. And I just want to thank you Lord for letting me hear. What have I done to deserve stories revealed to me? Thanks for that special night. with a soul your forest high face to face with eternal life. Lord I thank you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] He's already provided He's already [Music] provided everything you need. He's already provided. Every promise you can claim. Just ask it in his name. Everything that you need, he's already provid [Music]
