################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-02 - It's Time to Shine - Isaac Hatfield - Isaac Hatfield.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2026-01-02
Title:   It's Time to Shine - Isaac Hatfield
Speaker: Isaac Hatfield
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HVHXZPMG9Y
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Glory has washed, made me whole. Oh, his love for me. It's like pure gold. Yes, my God is real for I can feel him in my soul. There are some things I may not know. There are some place I can't go. [Music] But I am sure of this one thing. [Music] My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. Yes. My God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. Oh, his love for me. It's like pure gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. I cannot tell just how you felt when Jesus took all your sins. Oh, how many remembers that hour tonight? Oh, but on that day, yes, on that hour, my God was real. Oh, I can feel his holy power. Oh, my God is real. God is real. He's real in my soul. Oh, my God is real. For he has washed, made me whole. His love for me. Oh, it's like Oh, it's better than no. God is real. For I can feel him in my You stand with me. Help me sing one more time. Oh my God. Yes, my God is real. Real my soul. My God is real. Glorious. Is he maybe hold his love for me? It's like gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Yes, my God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Oh, we praise your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we bless your wonderful name. Can't nobody do me like Jesus, right? Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Good to see everybody out. Amen. God bless you. We got a few prayer requests here. We'll take them before the Lord. I'll just read them here and I'd like to ask brother uh Tim Borton to come open a service of prayer. Amen. Uh first one here is prayer for Sister Stephanie Landy. As you can see, sister Stephanie, she's a homesick. She needs God's healing touch. And let's pray for our sister God. Give her a quick recovery. Pray for brother Samuel. He's ministering special meetings in Belgium. I got to watch the first one today. They had a pretty good time as amen. I think it was a wonderful blessing for the saints over there. So, we'll let him go for one week and he's going to come back home. Amen. But we're glad he's uh having a wonderful time over there. Just pray that God watch over him and bring him back home safely. Um got testimony here. I just want to thank the Lord Jesus for watching over the youth. Amen. They travel back home today uh from the winter youth retreat. So I got my my my kids here and boys are back. So praise God. Matthew's here. Amen. Sister Amen. Sister Isabelle. Amen. So it's good to have all of them back home. Amen. Amen. We appreciate our young people. Amen. Praising the Lord and working for the Lord. Amen. Sister Carmen's not feeling well tonight, so let's pray for her tonight. Amen, Sister Karma Bosley. That God would heal her body as well. And uh let's uh this one's here. Sister Gomez is back with us. God bless you, Sister Gomez. Amen. It's good to see her. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. Um she's saying, "Please pray for our neighbor Vera. She she broke her hip." Amen. Let's pray that God would Amen. mercy amend that. Amen. Take care of that. Amen. How many would like to have a meeting with Jesus tonight? How many come here? Amen. To be one with him. be drawn into his presence. Amen. And go a little further on in God. Amen. Let's if you didn't have a prayer request tonight, you didn't write something down, just Amen. Uh let's remember one of these. Amen. Raise your hand before the Lord. Say, Lord, you know my needs. You can take care of every one of them. I trust you, Lord. Let's just pray together while brother tonight. Amen. Thank you. Let's just bow our heads this morning, this evening. our dear Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, you said where two or three are gathered, you are there with us, Lord. So right now, Lord, you are here physically with us. And Jesus, you know these prayer requests. You know what's on each and every heart. Lord, there's our precious brother Rusley as well going through a difficult time, Lord, but we are asking for his healing as well for all these needs. I can't even remember them all, Lord, but you know the intimate details of each one. [Music] And Lord, we look back and we see how great you've been in our lives. And it gives us confidence to know that you not only hear us but you care for us. You love us to think that almighty God would be that mindful of us. Lord, it makes us so appreciative. Lord, we just want to dedicate this time tonight to you. May you soften the hard hearts. May you change us. May you be more real to us. &gt;&gt; May you take control of our lives. &gt;&gt; We can't even surrender. It's we can't do anything without you. So we pray that you would just help us this evening. &gt;&gt; We love you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; May you bless the preacher that's going to be here tonight. May you speak through him. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Church says &gt;&gt; amen. And we also say nobody loves me like you love me. Jesus I stand in your amazing way. I'll worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Morning. I see you in the sunrise every morning. Glory. It's like a picture that you paint in the morning. [Music] Oh, nobody loves me like you love me. Jesus I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you. Hallelujah. As long as I am breathing, Lord God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. glory. I would have had a very different story. Hallelujah. But you came down from heaven to restore me. Yes, you forever saved my life. That's why I sing. Nobody loves me like you love me. Jesus. Hallelujah. I stand in all your amazing way. I'll worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you may be seated. God bless you. Oh, you're breaking down the weight of all my mouth. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Even when it feels like I'm surrounded. No, you never leave my side. Oh, hallelujah. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all your name. [Music] away. I worship you as long as I am free. Testify now. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody. Yeah. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. Oh my love of you, Lord. Hallelujah. All your amazing ways I worship you always as I am. One last time now. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. [Music] Hallelujah. It's that song. You are the truth. Trying to figure this. Which one is that? The truth. I'm having a not a senior moment, but a middle-aged moment there. If the Lord wants me to sing it, it'll come to me. So, we'll put that one on the back burner. Amen. We uh learned the verses to this one last week. How many says, "I want to say thanks, Lord." How many's thankful you made it to 2026? Amen. Thank God for all his blessings in 2025, but here we are in a new year. How many wants to serve God more this year? Wants to go deeper in Christ this year. I say amen. Let's start by giving him thanks. I say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. It's true, Lord. I am so blessed. My soul, I found rest. Oh, Lord. I give you thanks, Hallelujah. Lord, I thank you for the strength you give to simply carry on through life's toes and tests. The worst and best. I've never left alone. You're always right beside me. And you hear me when I pray. Since I first began, you've been my dearest friend. I give you all my praise and I want to say thanks. Thanks. Hallelujah. I give you thanks for all you have done. I am so blessed. Thank God my soul found praise. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Oh, thank you Lord. Lord, I thank you for each moment and I will continually for each day I live. Your grace you give, I'm blessed abundantly. And I can't forget that moment when in my life you made a change. And since your spirit came, I've been the same. I just want to give you thanks. I want to say thanks. Thanks. Oh, I give you praise for all you. Everything you've done. Oh, I am so blessed. My soul, this word I found rest. Oh Lord, I give you. Let's sing that once more time. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we all say thanks. Thanks. Yes, I give you thanks for all you have done. Yes, Lord, I am so blessed. Thank God my soul, I found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thank. Well, yes. I am so blessed in your word, Lord. My soul, I found my rest. Oh Lord, I just want to give you thanks. [Applause] He moves among us. All that he does, all of his mercy, and all of his love. The pen of the rider [Music] ride every day. Even his words could never contain how I have been blessed. Oh yes. Thank you Lord for the warmth in the win flowers of spring laughter in summer and the changing of leaves. Thank you Lord for the food on my table. A good place to sleep. Clothes on my bed and the shoes on my feet. I have been. Oh, let's worship him now. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No, I could count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. Yes, he has so good. I have been blessed. Amen. We got arms we can raise tonight. Four arms that will raise. [Music] A voice that can talk. Hands that can touch and legs that can walk or ears that can listen. Thank you, Lord, for eyes that can see. Oh, I've got to praise him. As long as I breathe, I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Yes. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. Yes, God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. That fourth verse grant fourth verse for a father and mother nurtured and raised our brothers and sisters. Oh, the memories we've made. Thank God for a pastor to lead us and an altar to pray. Stribes that can heal and blood that can save. I have been blessed. Man, he's my shoulder. Oh, he's my shoulder, too. Oh, I need him now. Amen. when I am down. Oh, the rock where he leads me. When I'm overwhelmed, oh the place where he hides me under his wings. He's not just a song. He's the reason I sing. Hallelujah. Oh, I have been blessed. Help me sing one more time. Lord, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So, I'll just thank him for being so kind. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. God has been good. So good. I have been blessed. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Just like to sing this one. This one's been on my heart. Just Amen. No matter what kind of troubles we're going through, thank God we know the master of the wind tonight. Amen. Praise God. Amen. [Music] My boat of life sails on the troubled sea. Whenever there's a wind in myself, [Music] but I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into a game. Hallelujah. I know the master of [Music] I know the maker of the way. Yes, he does. Oh, he can calm the storm. He'll make the sun shine again. Oh, we trust you, Lord. Hallelujah. I know the master of the wind. [Music] Amen. Sometimes I soar like an eagle through the sky. Above the peaks my soul can be found. I like this. Hallelujah. Oh, an unexpected storm. It might drive me from the heights. It may bring me low. It'll never bring me down. For I know the master of the way. I know the maker of the way. Oh, he can calm the storm, make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. He can calm the storm, make the sun shine again. I know the master of the way. Oh, hallelujah. Praise his name. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing this little song as brother brother Isaac comes. We have brother Isaac Hatfield with us tonight. God bless him. Uh looking forward to the service tonight. Amen. Let's just uh sing this little song. I need thee every hour. Amen. I love the old hymns. Amen. You still you just still love I love the new songs. I I love the old ones, too. If only we had more time to sing. We're looking forward to the word tonight. Amen. I need thee every hour, most gracious Lord. Oh tender voice like thine can peace a need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh bless me now my savior I come to thee. How many say amen? Lord I need you every hour. Help me sing. I need thee every hour. Stay thou here. I temptations lose their power when thou that's right. Are not. Oh, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me thou my savior savior. [Music] I come to let's go to that last verse grant of verse four. I need thee every hour, most holy one. Oh, make me thine indeed. Thou bless said. Oh yes. Oh, I need thee. know I need [Music] bless me now my I come to the Amen. How many says that tonight? I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Amen. Coming into a new year, I say, Lord, I need you like never before. Amen. Come and fill my life like never before. Amen. It's good to be with you tonight. Amen. And it's good to have my family with me. Amen. Amen. God's been good. Amen. Amen. And while you're seated, if it's okay, I'm going to have Bethany come up and sing. &gt;&gt; Amen. Before we go into the preaching of the word. And so, it's good to be in church tonight. Amen. We sure appreciate the opportunity. It's always good to be with you all and and thankful to Brother Samuel for the confidence to have us be here. Amen. So God bless you as we sing real quick before we go to the word. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; This is this is just an older song and if you know it, you can sing it with me. the dust of the earth. My God [Music] with his breath of living soul. [Music] And God so loved the world he gave his only son. And that is why I love him so. [Music] For I was made in his likeness, created in his image. For I was born to serve the Lord and I can't deny him. I will always walk beside him. For I was born to serve the Lord. And my hands were made to help my neighbor. And my eyes were made to read God's word. Oh, and my feet were made to walk in his footsteps. And my body is the temple of the Lord. For I was made in his likeness and created in his image. I was born to serve the Lord. Oh, and I can't deny him. I will always walk beside him. There I was born to serve the Lord. For I was made in his likeness and created in his image. Oh, and I was born to serve the Lord. [Music] Oh, and I can't deny him. I will always walk beside him. Oh, I was born to serve the Lord. For I was born to serve the Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Is that your testimony tonight? Amen. I believe it's what we were born to do. Amen. To serve the Lord. Amen. If you could stand with me tonight and we'll go straight into the word. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we'll turn to Isaiah chapter 21. Amen. And It's good to have little Spencer with us tonight, too. I'm sure you'll hear him at some point, but he's he's the joy of our our home. He's he's my buddy. Amen. Isaiah 21, just two verses here and then we'll read two verses out of Isaiah 60. Thank you, musicians. says the burden of the desert or forgive me sorry 11 verse 11 of chapter 21 the burden of Duma he calleth to me out of sire watchmen what of the night watchmen what of the night the watchman said the morning cometh and also the night if you will inquire inquire ye return come in Isaiah 60 verse one and two very familiar passage arise shine for thy light has Come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. Amen. Could we bow our heads tonight for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, we just so appreciate this opportunity to come into your presence tonight, Lord. We can't think of a better way to bring in a new year, Father, Lord, than to come and ga gather together with saints of like precious faith, Lord, and fellowship around your word, Father. And Lord, we just pray that you come and make it a special gathering, Father, that it'd be more than just a protractive meeting as a prophet would say, but Father, may you step down into our midst, Lord, and take a hold of this word, Father, and use it for your glory, I pray, once more. May you set aside both the speaker and the hearer, Father. And Lord, may it be a a a fellowship between you and your children, Father, as we feed on your word together. May you be glorified and manifested amongst us. And I pray you just minister to each need, Lord, of your children, those that are here, those that might not be able to be here tonight. I pray you be with them wherever they're at, Lord, and just have your way amongst us. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. And you may be seated tonight. Amen. And if it's okay, by the grace of God, we want to take a few moments. Amen. In these passages and just if we could have a title, we'd like to speak on it. It's time to shine. It's time to shine. Amen. Uh, brother Brandon would speak to us about how the heavenlies are type of what's coming on earth. And he said God declares his doings in the heaven before the earth. And the first Bible, of course, that that God would write would be in the heavens. Is that right? Of course, we could see that in uh in in the the constellations how there would be Virgo, which would be a type of his first coming and then there would be Leo, which would be a type of his second coming as he would come as a lion and come as a virgin. And and also we just come through the holiday season and of course we know that that Jesus wasn't born in December, but when he was born, brother Brandon would tell us how those three stars aligned and they were pointing that there was something significant taking place on earth and it was the birth of an infant savior, the birth of an infant king and a and all the way back coming up into our generation in 1962, brother Brandham said, "What would just happen? Five stars just aligned and the earth just about come into an explosion. He said, "What's happening?" It's the birth of an infant bride. Amen. And before it ever happened on earth, it happened in the heavenlies. God was showing a birth taking place all throughout from his first coming to his second coming. Amen. God is declaring in the heavens what he's going to do on earth. Amen. And also, brother Brandon would tell us that every Christian is a star. We see that the stars are are just a type or an example of the lives of Christians in in the Bible. Way back in the beginning when brother Revelations talks about how a dragon's tail would come and gather twothirds of the stars of heaven, that was speaking uh of individuals or spirits that would come down and and inhabit vessels on earth. and and and even in the book of revelation it would say that the seven stars to the seven churches which we of course know are are individuals it's the seven messengers it's it's brother Brandham and Paul and the different messengers and so we see that that children of God are as the stars even as the Bible would say about the seed of Abraham that look now toward heaven and tell the stars if thou be able to number them and he said unto them so shall thy seed be is that right and then in Deuteron Oonomy it said the Lord your God hath multiplied you and behold ye are this day as the stars of heaven. I think that's I think that's wonderful. We can look in Genesis and it says behold Abraham your seed shall be like the stars. And a few book a few books later lo and behold God kept his word. He said your seed is now as the stars. And so I believe we can very boldly declare that every Christian is a star. Brother Brandham said that we are stars. Every born Christian is a testimony to the Lord Jesus Christ to reflect the power and holiness of the Lord Jesus. To reflect him in his life, perfect him in his speech, perfect him in his healing power, perfect him in his resurrection, to reflect him in every way that he was reflected to us by God the Father. We are stars. Amen. We are stars and we have one job and our job is only to reflect Jesus Christ on this earth. Amen. Just like a sheep has one job and that is to bear wool. He doesn't have to manufacture anything. So we have one job and that is just to reflect. Amen. Just to reflect Christ. Amen. We're not called to reflect our school. We're not called to reflect the news. We're not called to reflect. Amen. The sports or else we'd have a lot of dim stars this morning after last night, wouldn't we? But thank God that that's not what we're here to reflect. We're here to reflect Jesus Christ. Amen. and and we have a constant source of light and that's the sunlight of Jesus Christ. And so no matter what h amen if you're reflecting the world or things of the world you'll be up one day and down the next and up one day and down the next but there's a constant source of light amen that the believer can come into contact with and if that's what you're reflecting amen you'll have a stability you'll have a steadfastness amen that's what brings an overcoming life amen that's what takes you out of the hills and the valleys amen is when you come into a contact with a source that changes not amen then no matter matter where you're at, what you're going through. Amen. There is something that is tied to your life by an absolute Amen. that you will always amen reflect Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's it's stars. Stars that are to guide others to Christ and stars that are to be led by the Holy Spirit. As the Bible said, there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. And brother Brandham said, if we're going to be a star to reflect the light of Christ, to bring sinners to him, we've got to be guided by the Holy Spirit. Amen. And we want to be led by the Holy Spirit. We want the Holy Spirit to lead us to be what he's called us to be. Amen. Not to be what he's called someone else to be. Not to try to be. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm not here to be a pastor. I'm not here Amen. I'm here to be an evangelist tonight because that's what he's called me to be. That's the work that I'm doing. And the musicians are in their part. And the Amen. The lay members are in their part. And everyone's in their part. Amen. Because the Bible said there's one glory of the sun and another glory of the moon and another glory of the stars. For one star differth from another star in glory. And brother Brandon said there's angels. There's saraphims. There's different. There's cherubams. Amen. And each one has their place. And so does the moon have its place and the sun has its place. Amen. And we're not to try to be like one another. Amen. But we're here to stand in our position as sons and daughters of God and reflect him in whatever place that he's called us to be. Amen. I think it's a beautiful thing. Amen. I think it's the economy of God. I think it it it's your adoption. It's God placing you. Amen. As a mother or as a deacon, as a housewife, and in that position, you reflect Christ in whatever capacity or avenue that he's called you to reflect him. &gt;&gt; Amen. I say, Lord, let me reflect you. Amen. wherever you place me. And brother Bram said, what does the star mean to us today, friend? And then he said, Daniel gives us the answer in Daniel 12:3. They that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever. Amen. Brother Bram talked about how he was standing there and he looked out at that morning star and he would say, "My, it's still shining just as bright as it did the day that Jesus Christ blew it off." Amen. God Elohim blew it off and said, "Let there be light." And it went out there and shone. He said, "It's still shining just as bright." But he would say, "But hold on, little star." Amen. We're coming. Because Daniel said that they that are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever. Brother Ram said, "Morning star, you are shining now, but wait till we get there." Hallelujah. Amen. I say the stars better shine while they can because there's some sons and daughters of God, amen, that are manifesting Jesus Christ on the earth now that when we when we get on the other side, we will outshine the stars for ever and ever. Amen. From glory onto glory, amen, those that are wise, amen, shall shine on that day. And so what we want to look at this night is is stars. But we want to focus in on on that morning star. That morning star comes out just before daybreak and all the other stars fade away and the moon is gone. He stands alone as God's watchman and just before the break of day, the sun reflects against the morning star and refle reflects the true light of that true sun. And and brother Brandon would get in conversation with somebody, you know, about how do stars reflect their own light or do they give off their own light? and he would just begin to talk about it how stars are a part of the main giver and maybe some stars, you know, spring off of one sun and spring off of another sun. But but we want to look at what is it from our perspective here on Earth because some stars may be way out there and bigger than others. But when we're standing here on Earth and you look out, there's one star. It's the sun and that's the biggest star. And when that sun begins to set off the scene for the night, then there comes the the the the the morning star would come out first and be a a bigger star. And then then there would be little stars, you know, between there. But then there would come another big star in the evening, which would be the evening star. And those were the the bigger stars. They're prominent stars. And they come out in the morning and the evening. And there might be some little star messengers between those two stars. All right? And so and so when the sun rises, all the other lights go out and and then of course there's the moon which which would which would be a type of the church. Is that right? And so and so some stars may you know like the sun gives off its own light but the morning star is different because the morning star is actually a planet. It's Venus and it's close to the sun and planets don't give off their own light but planets actually reflect light. Amen. Just like the moon, they only reflect the light of the sun. And so, and so this morning star is Venus. A a and the morning star and the evening star are actually the very same star. It's not a different star. It's the same exact star. And the beautiful the beautiful thing about it is it's near the sun. I mean, it's just two away from the sun. And so, this morning star is the same as the evening star. It just matters the rotation of the earth whether you're seeing it in the east or whether you're seeing it in the west. Amen. So what we're trying to say, brother Brandon brings it out. There's quotes, but amen just to just to quickly say it. Amen. Near to the sun, which would be the son of God. Amen. To the son of man. Amen. When Jesus came in the first coming of Christ, John the Baptist was the morning star. He came near the son. He introduced the son. Behold the lamb of God which comes to take away the sin of the world. Then there come dark ages and there might have been some little messengers through those dark ages. But in the evening time the same son that rose in the east would come to the west and the same star would come out again. Only this time it would be the evening star and then it would be the same Elijah ministry would return. Amen. Brother Brandon would point it to the scriptures. Behold, I'll send you Elijah before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. He'll turn the hearts of the fathers to the children. Amen. That's the eastern star. And the hearts of the children to the fathers. That's the western star. Amen. But it's the same Elijah ministry. One was in John the Baptist and one was in brother Brandham. Amen. But it's the morning star. It's the evening star reflecting Christ to the world. Amen. Brother Brandon was that evening star. And I think it's amazing. We were actually just out in Colorado in September. Me and and Brian Jr. and and and Brother Wayne, we were out there hunting elk. And we were out there camping in the woods. And there's a mountain there called Mount Hesperis. And we we went up there, drove out there in the evening, and and we camped and we built a a campfire up there in those mountains. I forget the name of the mountain range. I think I've got it in there. Amen. But Mount Hesperis actually means evening star and it was named that because of its western location. And brother Brandon would go out there and hunt with brother Jim Ed Dalton. And he would love to hunt out in Colorado and he would build camps out there and hunt right on Mount Hesperis which was the the very definition was evening star. And it was pretty awesome to be out there and build a campfire in the same spot and just think about what God has done in this age. Amen. He sent us an evening star. Amen. To introduce to us the return of the sun. Amen. Because brother Brandham, amen, in the evening time at Shabai, he had an evening time ministry. It was token time. It was it was evening time. But he would also preach to us a message. It is the rising of the sun. Amen. So we could look to it as evening time. But at the same time as it was evening for the world. It was the setting of the sun for churches and denominations. But for the bride, it was the introducing of a new day. Amen. For the bride, it was daybreak was coming. Amen. The millennium is coming. Amen. Amen. Brightness. Amen. And a new day is coming to those that would receive the message of the hour. Amen. So, amen. I I hope that's okay to lay a foundation when we're looking at this morning's star. To me, it's the ministry of the prophet. Amen. But it's also the ministry of those that are under the prophets's message. Amen. Because brother Brandham say, "What is it?" The morning star, the church of the living God today. Amen. Who's the watchman on the tower warning the nations and the people? It stands alone. A man that stands for God stands alone. But what's he doing? Reflecting the same light of the sun that went down years ago and is rising again. Oh, you see, that's what a star does. It shines in the absence of the sun. Which means to us that the sun can still have a ministry on the earth even when you cannot see the sun. Amen. Even when the sun is not on the scene. Amen. The sun still has a ministry. Amen. Because there's a morning star church that's reflecting the light of the sun. Even in the absence of the sun, even in total darkness, even when Jesus Christ, Amen, let the scene, Amen, to go away for a period, Amen, he always had a ministry. And even now when the world can't see the sun, amen, because he's hid behind a veil. There is a church, a morning star church that is reflecting the light of the sun. Brother Brandham had a question one time. Will the bride have a ministry before the rapture? And he said, yes. That's what's happening right now. Amen. It's the ministry of the morning star. It's the ministry of those that have got under the message of the hour and are standing as watchmen on the tower reflecting the light of the sun while the world has gone into total darkness. Amen. It's a ministry. Brother Bram said, "What is the true church's ministry?" The ministry of that church will be the ministry of the sun because it's a reflection of the same sun power and the same sun light that the world will know when the sun rises what it will look like. Amen. It is brother Bam said it's now it isn't the church it isn't the person it's the sun that's reflecting on the star that reflects the sunlight to the earth. Amen. This morning star ministry is not to reflect a church. It's to reflect the sun. Amen. That's why brother Brandon would, you know, warn about how to be careful that you go all the way into the spirit of Christ and not just into the spirit of a church. Amen. Amen. That's a dangerous place to stop. Amen. Just to just to get a spirit of a church or a religious spirit. But when you go all the way into the spirit of Christ, amen, then you reflect more than just your church or more than just Amen. Amen. This or that. But you will reflect the very same life. Amen. That's shown in Jesus Christ when he was here on earth. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Bram said the same ministry that the sun went down in, the same light he went down in is coming again in the resurrection power in the morning star is reflecting that light. Amen. The same sun that shone in the east is shining in the west. Just like brother Brandon would say, if that tree ever puts forth another branch, it'll be another book of Acts written behind it. Amen. I like how brother Brandon tells the story and he's telling it a little bit in the in the side of darkness about how about how uh uh I believe it was a a husband was reading the newspaper or wife, I forget which way it was, and the other one asked him, "Is there anything new in the news?" And they said, "No, it's just the same news, only different people." Amen. And that's true in in and that's true in the darkness. But I believe that's also true in the light. Amen. Amen. The same news that was written, Amen. in the book of Acts is being written again. It's only different people. Amen. You can't hardly tell the difference as it gets closer and closer as that capstone has come down. Amen. It's the same news. The good news that was introduced when Jesus Christ came. Amen. What a resurrection that was. But what a resurrection this is. Amen. The same news is being written again. Only this time it's in the hearts of sons and daughters and of God under this evening light. Amen. As the Bible said in Hebrews 11, they without us cannot be made perfect. It'll take the ministry of Jesus Christ in a bride to come so close a till it would be that capstone would be so honed that it could set down on the rest of that pyramid. Amen. That's what the church's ministry is. It's the ministry of the sun has returned again in bride form. Amen. We have entered into a light age. It's the ministry of the morning star. Brother Brandham said how we've gone through justification, we've gone through sanctification, we've gone through through Pentecost and all those things, but brother Brandham said, "Now coming into that morning star, begin to reflect." Amen. Let me just read it if that's okay. He said, "Seeing the ministry come from just shall live by faith in Martin Luther, sanctification by John Wesley, the baptism of the Holy Ghost by the Pentecostals and the restoration of gifts." And now coming into that morning star, beginning to reflect. Amen. Brother Brandon would go on to use the phrase the fourth light. Amen. There was a little bit of light in Martin Luther and then there was a little bit more light in Wesley and then there was a little bit more light. But now we've come into that fourth light. And that fourth light would be the word itself returning into the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Total reflection. Amen. Total illumination. Amen. As the word has come and the seals have been ripped off. Amen. That word has penetrated in the hearts of sons and daughters of God. Amen. And they are a total reflection of Jesus Christ. Amen. that have come out of dark denominations and come into the light. Oh, what a glorious thing. &gt;&gt; That's why brother Brandham could say that Isaiah wasn't wrong when he wrote this scripture. He said he wasn't out of order when he said morning cometh and night also because you you would think that it should be night cometh and morning also. But he said morning cometh and night also. And brother Bram said, "We've had that first little light." Just like if you watch, Brother Bram say, if you go out and the sun as it begins to rise, he said there's a little bit of light comes in and then it gets darker. The darkest part of the night comes and then comes the fullness. Then comes the actual sunrise. Amen. But he said that's that's how it is in the spiritual. He said, "We've had that first little light of these healing campaigns and people being raised from the dead and all these things." Amen. But then that dark period be begin to settle down upon the church and he said that is when the morning star comes out and begins to shine. Amen. We've had amen that those healing campaigns that mean the miraculous swept in. Amen. But but but then the church begin to go into total darkness. Amen. But that's when the ministry of the morning star would come out to shine. That's when the message would really come forth and begin to catch a hold in sons and daughters of God. Amen. That's when the word really begin to be open. Amen. As the world went into total darkness. Oh my. Something was happening on the earth. It was coming. Amen. A a a breaking of day. Amen. But it's in that going between time to shine when it's the darkest. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's that going between that's when the morning star comes out and says shalom. Right? &gt;&gt; Because this bride is shining in Leo to see in darkness. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon said, "A little while and the world won't see me no more." And then in parenthesis it says, "It'll be dark. The world can't see him anymore because it's dark." But it said, "But ye shall see me because I live. Ye will live also." Oh my. I amen. I'm thankful, friends, that in the darkest time the world has ever seen. Amen. That a prophet would step out as a morning star and say, "Shalom to the church of the living God." Amen. God sent us a true watchman. And the true watchman won't deny any word of God. Is that right? Amen. That's why we should never argue with the watchmen. Amen. Because the watchman, Amen, is placed higher in the tower than anybody else is placed. Amen. That's why you might think you have a better idea than brother Brandham had. You might think, Amen, that that he was off here and he was off there and amen this was a little bit too strong or this was a little bit Amen. But be very careful because you are not seeing the same thing that he was seeing. Amen. We are not built as prophets. Amen. We have an eyesight of an eagle because of a prophetic ministry. Amen. But we were not up there in the tower where he was. Amen. He was the highest one in the tower. He could declare, "Emon, if this spirit gets in the church, it'll lead to that, and this one will lead to that." And because of that, if you'll listen to the watchman, you can say, "All right, if we cut this off here, it won't go any farther. And if we cut this off here, it won't go any farther because we have the vision of a watchman." Amen. We should never argue with our watchman. Amen. Because he was high in the tower. And when he was up there, he looked one way and he looked another way. And in one way there was a darkness coming over the earth. And when he could look the other way, he could see a mourning cometh also. That's why he could come and preach a message. Shalom. Amen. Because he'd been up in a tower and he said, "Oh my, darkness is coming on the earth." Amen. Amen. Amen. I've seen visions of the world. Amen. Going to ashes. I've seen amen. All these terrible things are coming upon the earth and gross darkness is coming upon the people and religious spirits and spiritual death is settling upon the church. I mean what what was he telling us? He was saying that the the the the earth has got between or the moon has got between the earth and the sun or or or or the other way around but it eclipsed. So, so, so what he was telling us, you're all very familiar, so we'll just go through it. But, but, but, but, but, but those seven pictures of the moon phases that we can see of the seven church ages. Amen. Brother Brandon begins to tell us, Amen. that that that that the moon which represents the church begin to go into total darkness. He said there how that moon began to set into darkness through those dark ages. And then as as as God began to restore through Luther and Wesley, it would get brighter and brighter and in Leodosia, it looked like it was starting to get brighter. But all of a sudden, it went into total eclipse and total darkness settled upon the church. And he said it happened when the pope visited Jerusalem. He said it was Pope Paul V 6th, which was only a perversion. Amen. Because he said it's no coincidence that his name was Paul because our first messenger was named Paul. Amen. only six is the number of man. It was an impostor. It was a messenger earthly. It was uh it was a signpost. Amen. As that moon would go into total eclipse, amen, that the earth and the church and the natural systems were all heading into total darkness. Amen. But as that would take place, there would be a prophecy that morning cometh also. Amen. And the Bible says, "I, John, saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband." And in Galatians 4 says, "For this Aar is Mount Si in Arabia, and answerth to Jerusalem, which now is and is in bondage with her children. But Jerusalem, which is above, is free, which is the mother of us all." Amen. So there's two Jerusalems, right? There's an earthly Jerusalem, the moon, the church, but there's a spiritual Jerusalem, which is the bride. Amen. And as Paul V 6 was visiting natural Jerusalem, the church was going into total darkness. But at the same time, Amen, there was a seventh angel messenger visiting the new Jerusalem bride. And he was saying, "Shalom unto you." Amen. You that are God's bride. You which have received this message which has come through my ministry. Amen. The world is getting darker and darker. But if you have received this word of truth, it's going to get brighter and brighter and brighter. Amen. Amen. You think it's bright now as we sit under this message. You just wait. It's just getting started. Amen. It's just morning time. Amen. Daybreak is coming. Amen. There is coming a time that mo I MEAN EARTH AND CREATION is groaning and travailing. Amen. It's in birth pains until it's going to birth forth a millennium earth. Amen. That's the daybreak we're looking for, brother Paul. There's a millennium coming. There's a new earth coming. Amen. But if you've received this message in your heart, amen. You've already heard the announcement. Good morning unto you. Shalom unto you. Amen. You may be coming into a new year. Amen. But there is a new hope in the heart of the believer. We're closer now than we've ever been. Amen. We have crested, amen, through, amen, many dark nights. Oh, and the same message that brought us through those dark nights will carry us through the rest of the dark nights until that daybreak finally crest over and some morning between 6:00 and 9. And may we enter into that new land with those that have gone before us. Oh, what a message of shalom. We're under another sign. And the Bible says that when they shall say, "Peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them as travail upon a woman with child, and they shall not escape. But ye, brethren, are not children, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief. Ye are all children of light, and the children of the day. Ye are not of the night or darkness. Oh my. Sometimes if you're not careful, you can read scriptures like that about sudden destruction and my it can bring a heaviness or fear. Amen. But just read the next couple verses. He said, "Ye are not of the night that that day should overtake you as a thief." He cometh as a thief in the night, but ye are not of the night. And so you won't be overtaken as a thief. Oh, praise God. But ye are children of the light. Ye are children of the day. You are of another heritage. Amen. You came from God and you're going back to God. It's a shalom message onto you. Amen. Remember what side of the promise you're on. Oh, brother Brandham saw a vision of Los Angeles going into the ocean and he comes to the message, the rapture, and he begins to tell about how Los Angeles was going to fall in the ocean. But then he says, "Before I saw that, I saw a preview of the bride." Oh my my my. Amen. What side of the prophecy are you on? Darkness is coming. Gross darkness is coming. But before he saw that, he saw me. Amen. He saw a bride that would escape tribulation. Darkness and go to be with him in glory. Oh my. We are not children of the night, but we are children of the day. We have shalom in our hearts. And shalom is not just peace as the world calls peace. True shalom is to believe every word of God. True shalom is when you come into marriage with that word and you can say amen to every word in this Bible. That is true shalom. Amen. That is that peace that passeth all understanding when you've become united with this king of light. Amen. Brother Brandham said, "Is there one in here this morning or afternoon that doesn't have shalom, that peace, that spoke, that identified word of God, when you and the word become one?" If the Bible says one thing, you say, "No, I can't hardly believe that." That's right, then you haven't. Shalom. Amen. But when you can say amen to every word, there is a shalom in your heart because you have become united, amen, with that bridegroom, the word of God. Amen. I'm thankful for shalom. &gt;&gt; But what but why doesn't everyone walk in this light? &gt;&gt; Because the Bible says in the book of John 3, this is the condemnation that light is coming to the world and men love darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil. And brother Brandham said, "People love darkness better than they do light because darkness has a lot of pleasure." You all remember the eclipse that we just had. Was it last year or the year before on in April? And people I mean I think probably for a solid 6 months to a year before it ever happened. You'd start to see signs everywhere or people advertising their their corn fields for people to come and watch it and selling glasses. And people were traveling from all over the world to watch as that eclipse took place. And there's actually a name for those people. Amen. It's called umbrailes. And and umbraile means shadowchasers. Amen. Because the sun shines every day and the moon shines every night and they don't give it a time of day. Amen. But the minute that that that that that moon and this earth is going into shadow, they'll chase all over the world to chase a shadow. And and brother Brandham said that there's people that have receptacles to isms. Amen. That they go off in these little trails and they go into the spirit of delusion because they're following after shadows. They're following after eve lights or even brother Brandham said that Satan would come on and he would come in the form of angels of light. Amen. Amen. That's the scripture in 2 Corinthians 11. And he said, "No marvel for Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light." Satan would make himself angels of light. And he would have, Amen, those that would follow after his false light that would lead them into darkness, blind leaders of the blind. Is that right? Amen. But I'm thankful that when you can look at one thing, I I I'm a firm believer in the law of contrast that Amen. When Satan has something, it's only a perversion of the real. Amen. And I believe we're on the real side. And so there's another term called either helopiles, which is a lover of the sun, or a photoile, which is someone who loves or thrives in light. Amen. And and uh me and Bethany, we used to live in an apartment and I there wasn't I don't think there was a single ceiling light in that whole thing. It was all just old dim lamps and this and that. And man, if there ever was a heavy spirit that would that that you'd have to fight against, it's living in a dark house all the time. And some people aren't that way. And that doesn't make you a lesser Christian, but but that's just the way we are. When we moved to our new house, there's can lights just about like this. And about every few feet there's a can light. And I I'll walk through that house and I'll just thank the Lord. Thank you, Lord, for this house. Thank you for light. I mean, you you don't you don't know what you have until you don't have it. And I say, "Thank you for light." My brother Ray Ericson, if you know him, he's got a saying that he says sometime. He said, "We're children of the light. Let the meter run." Amen. Because we're children of the light. We're not meant to live in the darkness. Amen. Because we love the light. Amen. At least I do in the natural. Amen. But whether you do in the natural or not, there's something in you in the spiritual that makes you a chaser of light instead of a chaser of shadows. I mean, you're like that queen of Sheba that would go from the utmost parts of the world and to see a ministry of light that was on the earth in Solomon and behold, a greater than Solomon is here. That's why you've left houses and homes and families. That's why you've moved from other states and you've moved out of denominations because there was something in you that was chasing lie. You were like that Queen of Sheba. I mean in a greater than Solomon was here and something said, "I must get to the light. I must get out of this condition and get into the light." Oh, and I tell you something powerful, friends. It's the light that's on the inside of you that really matters. It's that seed that's on the inside of you that matters. If that inside is light, then brother or sister, I mean, there's not enough darkness that can hold you back from becoming who you are. Because brother Brandham said, Judas walked in the light. He was one of the 12 disciples, but he had a dark seed. And a dark seed could walk in the light every day and never come to life. But he said that woman at the well that day, she lived in darkness, but she had a light seed on the inside of her. I say glory to God tonight. Amen. I don't care how much darkness that you are living in. If the seed inside of you is light, then that darkness can press against you as long and as hard as it wants to. But sooner or later, when the light of God's word shines across your path, that seed will flash like lightning and come to life. And it'll take you out of that darkness and plant you in the light of God's glorious word. Amen. Darkness will scatter and you will come into the message of the hour when light comes across your path and this Holy Ghost sheds light on the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why people don't want the Holy Ghost in their churches because it's going to shed light. And if you're following after shadows, you don't like the light. That's why you don't want the Holy Ghost to move in your church. And then because it exposes those spirits and those cockroaches that are not of the light and when that light shines on those cockroaches begin to scatter. Amen. That's why if you preach the message strong and pure and preach it anointed. Amen. It'll keep your church clean. It'll keep Amen. It'll it'll it'll press against Amen. They they Amen. They might come but they won't they won't be comfortable under that light. And sooner or later, those dark spirits will have to give way. And then sometimes it's a dark spirit. It's not a dark seed. It's just a dark cloud hanging over a light seed. That's why we preach the message because the Lord clears back the atmospheres of unbelief. That's why a son or daughter of God can come into the house of God under a cloud or under a spirit of heaviness. But the preaching of the message of the hour begins to go forth and separate the light from the darkness. And because you are of the light, amen mean you remain in the darkness has to take its leave. Amen. Because Amen. The light and darkness cannot exist together. Hallelujah. Just like in Genesis when he said, "Let there be light and there was light and then the light and darkness were divided from each other." Amen. I believe that's an example of the experience of a son or daughter of God. When this message be to cross your path, it divided the light from the darkness and separated you. Oh, brother Brandham said, "If darkness has its set time, then light must have its set time as well. And darkness may have had its time in your life, but there comes a day, amen, where the time of darkness is over. And the set time of light has come in your life. And all of a sudden, amen, something crosses your path and things are different. Oh, Gloria, I'm a witness. Amen. The woman at the well was a witness. Darkness had a set time, but when she met the master, Amen, the set time for light came in her life. &gt;&gt; Oh, what about Mary Magdalene? Darkness had a set time, but when she met the master, &gt;&gt; light, the time for light came. Amen. We've witnessed it in our own family. I'm sure you have as well. Amen. With Bethy's testimony for about a solid year. There was some dark moments. There was some dark times. Amen. As things didn't look so good, Amen. in her in her body and the things she was fighting. Amen. But all of a sudden, God can come on the scene and turn on the light. Amen. And you'll look back and say, "We aren't where we used to be." Amen. We're walking in light. We're walking in victory. We're walking in the promise. We're walking in the fulfillment because light is manifested word. Amen. And God may have a promise, but sooner or later that promise is going to come to pass and you'll be walking in the light of his word. Amen. But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that ye should show forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Ephesians 5:8, for ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord. Walk as children of light. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's time that we walk as children of light. And I say we have light to walk in. Amen. Psalm says, "Thy word is a lamp unto our feet and a light unto our path." Second Peter 1 says, "We have also a more sure word of prophecy, where unto you do well that you take heed as unto a light that shineth in a dark place until the day dawn in the day star arise in your hearts." Amen. this message as it begin to come and be manifested. It was the day star arising in our hearts. It was the rising of the sun shining light upon our past that we might walk in the light. Brother Brandham said to my precious dear brothers and sisters, to all of you as a servant of God, I never said this before in the world in this church. I never said, but as a prophet of the Lord, I say unto you, this is the light. Walk ye in it. Oh my. This is the light. Walk ye in it. This message is the light. And he said, "Your Baptist light won't work anymore." Amen. None of those other lights, your Campbell lights, your Russell lights, none of your church lights will work anymore. He said, "This is the light. Walk ye in it." Amen. And when the word is manifested, it becomes light. And you don't have to question it anymore. As long as it lays there without fulfillment, you might question what does this mean? What's it going to be? But once it happens, it's light. Amen. Just like you might have wondered. Amen. What was that? What will that beautiful woman be? And that brother Brandham saw. Amen. But we had a woman come and she was sworn into office in royal purple. Amen. We don't have to walk in confusion anymore. We can walk in the light of fulfillment that what the prophet spoke about has come to pass. Amen. of the Catholic Church. Amen. Is in position. I mean, it's coming to pass. I mean, we don't have to walk in darkness of will the American pope, what will he be? We're walking in light now because it's come to pass. It's been manifested. And as this message has has come, Amen. since the message began, it's just been like somebody walking through the house and flipping on a switch and flipping on a switch and flipping on a switch and flipping on a switch and before you know it, the whole house is illuminated with the vindicated word of God. Amen. That's why we can say this is the light walking in it. Amen. We're not living in a dark room anymore. We are living in the vindication of the word of God that has shed light upon our past. And it's walking time. We don't have to be scared to walk in Mark 11. We don't have to be scared to walk in Mark 16. We don't have to be scared to walk in any of the promises of God. Amen. Because it has shown light upon our path to walk in it. Sometimes you might be like that man walking with that lantern. You may not know what comes after the next step, but if you just keep walking with this message, I mean, it will continue to shine light upon your path all the way until we get home. Amen. Every word in this Bible, every promise will come to light. Every son or daughter of God that has a seed inside of them will come to light. Amen. It's it's not a glare of another age. It is the light for this age. Amen. because we're not living in the light of God sent a prophet anymore. Just like when John was here, Jesus would say, "He was a burning and a shining light. And ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light, but I have greater witness than that of John." And John would say, "I must decrease, but he must increase." I mean, it went from the light of John until the light of the son, Jesus Christ. And now we're not just living in the light of God centered prophet. We've moved into Amen. Jesus Christ has come to manifest himself through a bride. Amen. This is the light. It's it's a continuation of Christ. Amen. It doesn't do away with any It doesn't do away with the evening star. Amen. But the sun is here. Amen. This evening star was introducing to us. Amen. The sun is rising. Jesus Christ is here on the scene. Amen. Have you recognized his presence? Amen. The presence of the sun has returned. That's why we can say it's time to shine. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Brandham said, "Oh, you morning stars, rise and shine." He said, "It's time to shine. The coming of the Lord is at hand." In the message shalom, he said, "As I feel the mortal blood pouring through my body, I feel the surge of the Holy Ghost coming behind it. Rise and shine, brother. Something said, "Billy Brandom, you're getting old. You're getting weak. Your shoulders are drooping. Your hair is turning gray and falling out." That's right. And darkness and gross darkness upon the earth. He said, "But rise and shine. I feel falling there the surge of light of the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ, which has made me a new creature in him." Amen. Brother Brand would cry out, "Rise and shine. It's time for this bride to shine." Amen. I It may be darker out in the world than it's ever been. Amen. But it's time for the bride. Amen. The morning star church to rise and shine. Amen. Noah shined in his day. Moses shined in his day. But we're not living in the light of Moses any longer. But it's time for the bride to rise and shine. Amen. It's time. Amen. For the children to come into the position where we know who we are. And it's time for the preachers to preach. It's time for the singers to sing. It's time for the young people and to be real young people and the elders to be real elders. It's time. It's adoption time. It's morning star time. It's manifesting time. It's time where we can break through every cloud. Amen. We can break through every every cloud, every confusion, every condemnation. Amen. Because and brother Brandham said he would go, I believe it was to the church in the mornings and he would hear and the bird begin to sing and that bird was a night and gale. And he said that night and gale only sings. He don't sing until he sees and mean that star appear. And that star appearing is a proof that the sun is still shining. Amen. Because as long as that night and gale can see that star and it's shining in the sky, it shows that there is still light. that the sun is still somewhere shining. And that night andale is the first one to announce that the break of day is coming. And we had a night and gale that stood in the tower. Amen. Our prophet which would announce unto us. Amen. The rising of the sun. Daybreak is coming. Morning is coming. It's time to rise and shine. Just like those slaves under that emancipation proclamation. Amen. the first one at the top of the hill could announce at Daybreak. It's time to go free. We can throw down our pitchforks. We can throw down our our tools and we can go free. You know that that Emancipation Proclamation. I just found this out last night at church. It was it was signed on January 1st in 1863. President Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation. Amen. That the slaves could go free at the appointed time. Amen. And so in the spiritual as God sent us, Amen. A prophet that has announced that we can go free. Amen. That Amen. that the surge of the Holy Ghost that has come into this last age can begin to push the clouds away from your life. Amen. And you can realize that the sun is rising and daybreak is coming. Amen. Even though you may not see the sun, sometimes you have to look with the eyes of faith because the eyes of sight might only see darkness. But this but but faith looks and sees the sun shining behind the clouds and announces, amen, that the sun is still here. Amen. Declaring we are free. We are free. We are free. It's a proclamation over the church. Amen. Amen. We are free. Amen. We are free. Amen. Just like when that when that sun rose in Genesis. Amen. As that sun begin to rise and he say, "Let there be light." And there was light, it began to draw the botany life out of the earth and bring it to life. Amen. So the rising of the sun in this age has done more than bring botney life, but it has brought life of sons and daughters out of the earth and drawn you onto itself. Amen. It's the rising of the sun. Amen. It's resurrection time. You say, "Well, it's it's the middle of winter. It's not it's not Easter." But do you know that that the that that that New Year's used to always be in April and that time of year in the the Julian calendar, Julius calendar, whatever it was, the new year was actually in April or March, that time of year. And it wasn't until the 1500s when the Gregorian calendar came in that it changed it into January. And that's actually where April Fools comes from because some people didn't know that it had switched. So they were celebrating New Year's at different times, but it had changed from April until January. Just like the Bible would talk in the first Exodus how when they were coming out, it said, "This month shall be unto you the beginning of months." When did they go in an Exodus? It was in the springtime that they went into an Exodus. It was when Amen. the Jordan was high. It was the flooding period. It was the springtime, but it was the beginning of months. Amen. That's why we can say, amen, it's a new year's onto the believer. Amen. That has been resurrected under the light of this message. Amen. You have entered into a new year. You've entered into a new day. I mean, this word has separated you from the darkness and set you into the light of this glorious gospel. It's the dawning of a new day for every believer who has received this message of the hour. Amen. Shalom. Good morning onto you. Amen. Amen. This is the condemnation. Amen. The scripture would say how men, Amen, who were for ordained on condemnation, right? And John 3 says, "This is the condemnation that light is coming to the world and men love darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil." This is the condemnation. Condemnation to those who have refused to walk in this light. But this is not our condemnation. This is our resurrection. Because the Bible said in Genesis 13, Abraham, thy seed shall be like the dust. And then in Genesis 15, it said, Abraham, your seed shall be like the stars. Brother Brandon said, watch that. It's the resurrection from the dust to the stars. Oh my. Isn't that what God has done for you, Brother Brian? Isn't that what God has done for you? Isn't that what God has done for all of us? Resurrected us from the dust to the stars. God has called his church from the dust to the stars. Amen. Just like brother Brandham said, it's like that dew drop in the nighttime when you walk out and that sun begins to set, that dude begins to fall. He said he was once in the sky, but when the absence of that sun, he fell down to the earth. Oh, but when that sun rose again, that dew drop would begin to evaporate right back to where he came from. Oh my, you came from God. &gt;&gt; And you're going back to God in the absence of the sun. We had to bypass our theophanes to come down into this earth and live here in this human humble vessel. But when this message began to arise upon your lives and you recognized it as eagle's food and you heard from your theophony, it be to resurrect you right back to where you came from. Amen. It's a message. Arise, shine. Thy light has come. Amen. As we enter into this new year, I say, God, let us rise like never before. Let us stand like never before. The Bible says in Revelations 2:24 to the Thotyron church, "He that overcomemeth and keepeth my works unto the end, till him will I give power over the nations, and he shall rule them with a rod of iron, as the vessels of a potter shall they be broken to shivers, even as I receive to my father, and I will give him the morning star." Brother Bram said, "The brightest thing in heaven is an overcomer." That was the reward to the Thotyron church. I will give him a morning star. He said that's the brightest thing in heaven, an overcomer. Those that have overcome their thoughts, those that have overcome the world, those in the darkest hour that are overcoming. And he'll make us morning stars to shine forever and ever. Paul said, "I fought a good fight. I finished my course. I've kept the faith. Henceforth, there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day." And then brother Brandon said, "Then he thought of the morning stars coming." And he said, "And not to me only, but unto all them also that love is appearing." &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I want to be an overcomer. &gt;&gt; Amen. But we're not going to overcome in our own selves, but we'll overcome by the blood of the lamb &gt;&gt; and the word of the testimony. Because brother Brandham said, "What's the matter? The latter and for rain, former reign is coming together. The morning stars are being polished by the blood of Jesus Christ. 1 John 1:7, "But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ, his son, cleanseth us from all sin." You know, there was a time, Brother Bram tells it in the message, turn on the light, that there was a factory and they were a paper making factory and and and I believe it was the queen walked in there and she said, "What what is this? I want to see how this process works. I want to know how you make this wonderful paper. I It's beautiful paper. It's so clear and so so perfect that you can see your reflection in it." and and and she saw in the one room she said, "What is this pile of dirty rags?" And she said, "This is yesterday's clothes that we've gathered together. These are all dirty clothes that we've gathered." He said, "I don't understand. I don't understand the process. I don't understand how it works." He said, "Just hold on. Tomorrow you'll understand." And they would take those dirty clothes old rags and they would begin to process them and process them through each stage. And when those rags came out, they held up this piece of paper before the queen and said, "Look at this." And the queen looked at that paper and she saw her reflection in the paper of what was yesterday's old dirty clothes had become a reflection of the queen. And brother Brandon would begin to tell us how, I mean, how we have come through the process of justification and sanctification. We've come through all the ages, but now God is taking us and polishing us, our dirty rags, until he can see his reflection in his own bride. Amen. Those who have ate the book and digested it, you have become a reflector for Jesus Christ. You might have been dismal for a few days. Brother Brandhamstead, may these morning stars that may have been dismal for a few days. They think the revival is dying out, that's just exactly what you said would take place, gross darkness, but the morning star would reflect the light. He that overcomemeth, I'll give him a morning star. Amen. As the musicians come tonight, Amen. That's what we're looking for tonight. I'm looking for that morning star. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm looking for morning stars this this evening. I'm I'm looking for those Brother Bram said, "You devils that's trying to hold these morning stars, trying to smoke up their life, they're rising and filling their lamps and trimming them, setting them a fire with new faith." In another place, he says, "You once seemed like you were called for a morning star, but you've been down in the smoke and it's got your lights all smoked out. The Holy Spirit can shine against you and yet you're so dull. You sit and say, "I'm too tired. I've been in meetings before. I don't know." He said, "Oh, what a miserable person you are." Let the blood of Jesus Christ wash your soul, friend, that you might reflect the light of the son of God. Amen. How many wants to be a morning star tonight? And as you stand to your feet with me, I'm thankful for a blood that can polish a morning star because I believe that's what this message has come was to call the morning stars out and show them, I mean, that you can reflect me. And but sometimes you it may look like you're not a morning star because you've got so you've got so just covered in the dust of the world and covered in the smoke of the world and you say, "I'm not a morning star. I'm so dim." But that's what the blood of Jesus Christ was here to do. You begin to wash yourself in that blood and it begins to polish morning stars to reflect his presence. Amen. Can we bow our heads tonight? I mean, I'm looking for morning stars tonight. You say, "Well, Brother Samuel, he's a morning star." Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's easy to see. It's easy to see the bright stars. It's easy to see their morning stars. But I'm looking for that dismal one. I'm looking for that one that is walking in that dimness and condemnation and complexes. I'm looking for that one that's been walking in sin and says, "I just don't know if I can take another year. I just don't know if I can go any farther. I just don't know if I can ever live this message." That's what I'm looking for. I'm looking for those morning stars to let you know that there is a blood powerful enough to polish you and let you reflect Jesus Christ today. You know, Brother Brandham went into that insane asylum one time and there was people butting their heads against walls and there was people doing every kind of thing and moaning and groaning and there was a a a beautiful little girl sitting there and he said, you know, he he's just walking around and the the lady asked him, "Can I help you, sir?" And he said, "Well, I just don't know what to do. I don't know where to start." And he said, "Well, perhaps, sir, you could start with me." And he said, "My surely you're not a patient here. Surely you're not uh here because of some condition." And she said, "Yeah, she had had a rough life. She had gotten into some serious trouble." And I believe it was a boy had slipped some pills into her drink and something like that and had ruined her life and she had slipped into a life of darkness. But she said, "Brother Brandham, start with me." And he g he he began to deal with her life and deal with her and say, "It's the devil making you do those things. It was the devil that that would cause you to do those things. Don't you want to be a mother? Don't you want to be a wife?" And she say, "Sure, I do." But she couldn't maybe see how it's possible at the time. But brother Brandham began to deal with her. She began to recognize that there was a a place where she could give her life to Jesus. And brother Brandham said that he can take you back to the time when you was a virgin innocent girl. The blood of Jesus Christ is sufficient and powerful to transform the violent sinner to a bloodwashed saint, guiltless before God. And she began to pray and pray and she said she felt like she was turning a new leaf. And brother Bram said, "No, not yet. Hold on a while." And just a little while longer, something slipped into that room that changed her life forever. And she said, "Now she's married and she's got a family because she didn't just turn a new leaf to go back to the same life, but she met a living God and got under a blood that polished her and took her back to the time when she was a virgin, innocent girl." Amen. And then you may not be in that condition tonight, but come into into this new year, you may feel like you're not shining the way that you should be. And you say, you say, "Lord Jesus, I want you to start with me tonight. Lord, if there's only one onre revival in my family, start with me. If there's only one on revival in this church, set me a fire, Lord, and start with me." Amen. Says, Amen. If that's your desire tonight, start with me, Lord Jesus. Polish me Lord by your blood. I want to shine for you. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your mercy and your grace. We thank you for the message. Shalom, Father, that Lord, we're coming to a year 2026. We don't know what today holds. We don't know what tomorrow holds, but we know who holds tomorrow. That's why, like the prophet said, as we're coming to a new year, we're just going to put our hand in yours and trust you, Lord, that you know what the future holds. and you hold our future. And so we believe, Lord, that our future is bright, Father. No matter how many dark days we go through, Lord, we believe that there's a light that's been lit on the inside of our hearts that'll carry us through the darkest of days. And Father, I pray that your blood would begin to polish every morning star this evening. Maybe there's even one on the phone hookup or the live stream. Father, Lord, who's under those clouds of condemnation and fear and complexes, Father, I pray you begin to polish them under your blood and let them know that they can be a morning star. Father, that they can shine brighter than they ever have before. Lord, we commit this year into your hands. We commit this life, this next year, all of our lives, all that we are into your hands. have your way. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Go ahead, brother. God bless you saints. We love you. We'll walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. Off with the dew drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus light of the world. [Music] All ye saints the life proclaim. Oh Jesus the light of the world. There's life and mercy in his name. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. [Music] Oh, we walk in the light. Such beautiful [Music] drops of mercy our God. Oh shine all around us by day and by night. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. Hear the Savior's word call. Jesus the light of the world. Send the God truth to all. Oh, that Jesus, he's the light of the world. will walk in the light. Oh, it's a beauty. Oh, God. But we walk where the new drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. [Music] I not seek dimin today. Oh Jesus, the light of the world. Oh, thank you Lord. And go with truth on the day. Holy, oh Jesus, the light of the world. Oh, thank you Lord. We will walk in the light. It's a beautiful life. Oh, we walk where the two drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus, the light of the world. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, let's give him thanks for this beautiful light. Oh, thank you for choosing us, Lord. [Music] The brother was preaching about being a child of the light. So, you can tell which song that puts me in mild in mind of. It's called Child of the Light. Bring it up. Bring it up. Amen. I was stumbling alone in the darkness. I was looking for a light to shine. Searching for the source of revelation to fill this darkened heart of mine. Then the greatest mystery the world's ever known became so clear to me when the light of God's word shined into my heart. Now these blinded eyes can see. [Music] And now I see myself like my father does. Oh, thank you, Lord. I'm not of the darkness like I was. For he changed me. Oh yes. Oh, and his life came in. No longer in the night. I'm a child of the light. I've been born again. [Music] Oh, so many are wondering in darkness. They are children of a granted Lord. Oh, they need a glorious transformation from the kingdom of darkness to light for a long time ago on resurrection day. Amen. Jesus the light rode through to provide us a way from night to day. a path of life for me and for you. Oh, let's give him praise now. And now I see myself like my father does. I'm out of the darkness. [Music] Oh, like I was. Oh, for he changed me when his life came in. No longer in the night, I'm a child of the light. I've been born. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Testify before we go. Oh, and now I see myself just like my father dove. Hallelujah. I'm not of the darkness. Oh, like I was for he changed me when his light came in. No longer in the night. I'm a child of the light. I've been born again. No longer in the night. I'm a child of life. I've been born again. How many says amen? I've been born again. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Appreciate that message tonight, brother Isaac. God bless you, brother. Amen. How many wants to shine more brightly for the Lord this year? How many wants to reflect the sun? Be that morning star. Amen. Hallelujah. May God grant it. Amen. Amen. Brother Matthew, would you come and close the service in prayer, brother? Amen. Let's remember our our pastor as he's over there in Belgium. Let's just keep him in our prayers that God grant him good meetings. Watch over him as he travels home. And Amen. Lord will see everyone on Sunday. [Music] Let's pray. Lord, Father Jesus, thank you for everything that you've done for us and thank you for everything that you continue to do, Lord. Lord, help us to do your will in this new year, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for giving us worth through you, Lord. Help us to be a light that shines you, Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you for the service today. Thank you for the people. And just thank you Lord for everything Lord. We are worthy because of you Lord. And help us to remember that through it all Lord. We are not the we're not the sum of our faults. We are not the sums of our victory. But we are the sum of you, Lord. Thank you. And I ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And your church says, &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Go in the fear of the Lord. May God watch over you and be with you till we meet again. Let's pray. He shines on us. Lord, shine on me. Lord, shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Let it shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Oh, let the light. Oh, from the lighthouse. Let it shine on me. Oh, let it shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light Oh, from the lighthouse. Let it shine on me. Let it shine on me, Lord. Shine on me. Yes. Let the light for this lighthouse shine. And I thank God for the lighthouse. I owe my life to him. Lord Jesus is he is my lighthouse like gone from the rocks of sin. He has shown his light all around me that I might clearly see. [Music] If it wasn't for this old lighthouse, where would this ship be? [Music] Now everybody that lives around us, they say tear that old lighthouse down. You see the big ships, they just don't sail here anymore. Ain't no use in it standing around. But then my mind goes back to a stormy night when just in time. I saw the evening light was alive from that message lighthouse that still stands up there all [Music] Oh my go to him. Lord Jesus, his lighthouse [Music] and from the rock He show me that I can clearly see if it was above the lighthouse. house where this should be. If it wasn't for the old lighthouse, where would this ship be? [Music]
