################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-12 - BSWT LIVE - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-12
Title:    BSWT LIVE
Speaker:  
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZ9rUWOqcIo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We're not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Amen. Stay that verse right there. You're not a God once again. For you are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God depending on any mortal men. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Hallelujah. Oh, for you are God alone. From before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in my good times and bad, oh, you are on your throne. Yes, soul. You are God, Lord. I like this verse right here. Oh, you're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name and his praise will never end. And you're the only God who's worthy of everything that we can give. You are God and that's just the way it is. Oh hallelujah. Oh you are God alone. From before time began. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone, your soul. And right now in my good times and bad, I know that you are on your throne. You are God, Lord. You're unchangeable. You're unshakable. You're unstoppable. Oh, that's who you are. Do you know him like that this morning? He's unchangeable. He's unshakable. He's unstoppable. Oh, that's who you are. Unchangeable. He's unchangeable. He's unshakable. He's unstoppable. Oh, that's it. Oh, he's unchangeable and he's unchangeable. He's unshakable. My God is unstoppable. Oh, that's who you are. Oh, you are God alone. But from before time began, I know that you were on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. And right now in my good times and the bad, you are on your throne. Yes, you are God alone. Let's all stand together. Let's sing this now. He's unchangeable, unshakable. He's unstoppable. Oh, that's who you. Amen. Do you know him like that this morning? Amen. He's unchangeable. He's unshakable, unstoppable, Lord. That's who you are. Your God. You are God alone. But from before time began, you were on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and the bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in my good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Hallelujah. Oh, we worship you, Lord Jesus. Oh, he's worthy of all praise this morning, isn't he? Amen. Oh my. We worship him and him alone only. Amen. What a mighty God we serve this morning. Amen. A great Amen. Just a wonderful savior. We're so thankful that we can serve that kind of God this morning. Aren't you glad you can serve him this morning? And not just that you serve him, but that you know him in that way. Amen. I think that's just wonderful. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. We just have just a few quite a few prayer requests, but we know that God's able to meet these needs. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. That's some that's something we we do as believers. Believers believe so. Amen. We're just trusting in the Lord that he's got everything all in control. Do you believe that this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. This request says um from this is from brother and sister Crest. Uh they would like to thank you for your prayers during their illness. Amen. It's certainly good to have them with us in service this morning. Amen. God bless you, brother Sister Crest. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Certainly appreciate them. And Amen. This is u to keep uh this request says to please keep brother Rockco in prayer for healing. He started coming down with bronchitis yesterday. Amen. So remember our brother Rocco in prayer that God would touch him. Amen. Certainly appreciate our brother Rocco, don't we? Certainly love him. Amen. Amen. always blesses my heart every time when he's when he's worshiping the Lord and when he gets to the word. It just blesses me. Amen. It really blesses me. Really appreciate him. Amen. Amen. This is says to please continue to pray for sister Rosanne for complete healing. Amen. Remember our sisters this morning that God would just touch her and be with her. Amen. Amen. This is from Sister Stephanie says to please continue to pray for my friend Heather and my daughter Emily Wilson for their complete healing. Also for Hilbert and Landy to come back to the Lord and for the salvation of my unsaved loved ones. God bless you, Sister Stephanie. Amen. Well, God's certainly more than able to meet that need, isn't he? Amen. Amen. He certainly is. He's so mindful of our needs. Aren't you thankful he is mindful? Amen. This is from uh sister Naomi says uh prayer for my family also my brother uh Marco for continued healing. The Lord knows what we need. Amen. The Lord certainly does know. He knows all about it. Yes. Please keep uh Sister Addie Bean in prayer for healing. She is suffering with the flu this morning and needs a healing touch. Amen. So remember our sister this morning. God just touch her and be with her this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is from uh Sister Gomez. Uh says, "Ask the Lord for something special this morning." Amen. Well, God certainly is able to do that for you this morning, my sister. Amen. Amen. How many knows that we serve just like the song we were singing that he's unchangeable. &gt;&gt; He's unshakable. He's unstoppable. And being that even when he's in you, that means you're unchangeable. You're unstoppable. if he's in you. Amen. Do you believe that this morning that there's nothing too hard for the Lord? There's nothing too hard for our God. Amen. Amen. If you have a need like me, know that hand. Amen. Just raise that hand, man. Know that God's able to meet that need. Even if even if your hand's not raised, know that God's God's mindful and he sees your need. Amen. Brother Dave Crest. Amen. Would you come and lead us, Lord, in prayer? Amen. On behalf of these needs. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Appreciate Brother Dave, don't we? Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, just Lord, like the song says, Lord, in in the good times and in the bad times, Lord, and our Lord, the times when we're up, times when we're down, Lord. And Lord, even through all of our struggles, Lord, and our mountain tops, Lord, you remain the same, Lord. You're consistent, Lord. You're so faithful, Lord. And we just love and appreciate you, Lord, for that. But Lord, one thing that even amazes me more, Lord, that even through all those times, Lord, when we're up and when we're down, Lord, it doesn't change who we are, Lord, in your eyes, Lord. You always call a son. You always cause daughters, Lord. You just, Lord, you're so faithful, Lord, just to be, Lord, just consistent, Lord, in all your ways towards us as well, Lord. Even, Lord, when we're all over the place, Lord, you just stay steady, Lord. And you never change, Lord. We sure appreciate that, Lord. Lord, we just invite you, Lord, into our presence, Lord, this morning, Lord. Just pray you would have your way, Lord, in this service, Lord. And just just be at liberty, Lord, to come down and Lord, fellowship, Lord, and commune with us, Lord, this morning in each need, Lord. Just I just pray you would just meet us, Lord, in a special way, Lord. And Lord, just have your hand, Lord, in in each and every situation, Lord. The requests were read, Lord. And Lord, the requests on each of our hearts, Lord, and you know each and every one, Lord. And Lord, I I believe you're just on the scene, Lord, just to move, Lord, in each and every way, Lord. We love you, Lord. Just pray that Lord, you just have total preeminence, Lord. And Lord, the remainder of the service, Lord, just each and every phase of it, Lord. Just the worship, Lord, and this the ministering of the gospel, Lord. We just look forward to what you would have us today, Lord. Bless Brother Samuel, Lord, as he would just, Lord, be able to step out of the way, Lord. Lord, just use the gift, Lord, you've placed inside of him, Lord, to minister to your people, Lord, have your way. Bless the tithes and offerings, Lord, and just we just love you, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for this time together. Ask these things in your blessed name, Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. as brothers come to take the tithes and offerings. Let's sing that song. Lord, I lift your name on high. Amen. Hallelujah. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. is I'm so glad you're in my life. Yes, Lord. Oh, I'm so glad you came to save us. Sing that first verse. Lord, I lift your name. Lord, I lift your name on high. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, I love to sing your praises. Oh, I'm so glad you're in my life. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I'm so glad you came to save us. Oh, you came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave, from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Let's sing it to him now once again. Oh Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. Oh, I'm so glad. Oh, I'm so glad you're in my life. Aren't you glad that he's in your life this morning? Oh, I'm so glad you came to save us. You came. You came from heaven to earth to show the way up from the earth into the cross. my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave and from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. You came from heaven to earth and just to show the way from the earth to the cross. Oh, from the cross to the grave, from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name. From the cross to the grave and from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Hallelujah. Oh yes, we lift your name on high, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm I'm sorry back there. I didn't have this song down, but the same God. Amen. That's that's living in me. Let's sing that song this morning. Amen. Amen. The same God. Oh, I love I love this song. How many likes this song right here? Amen. Oh, amen. Well, I look back on history. I see the mighty God unveil. He is proving over and over that his word has never failed. But I can't keep on dwelling on some past me. Oh, cuz he's the same God and he's living in me. Hallelujah. Oh, he is the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. Oh, he's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. Oh, he's the same God who parted the raging red sea. Hallelujah. Oh, he's the same God and he's living in me. Amen. Oh, the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth. Oh, he came back living in Jesus. Oh, there was power in his word. Oh, and now in these last days are beginning to see. Hallelujah. Oh, that he's the same God. Oh, he's living. He's living inside of you and me. Oh, he's the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. Oh, he's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. Oh, the same God who parted that raing raging red sea. I'm so thankful. He's the same God and he's living inside of me. And sing that second verse just one more time. Amen. Well, the same God who created all of the heavens and all of the earth. Well, he came back living in Jesus. There was power in his word. Oh, and now in these last days, I'm beginning to see. I'm beginning to see this morning. Oh, that he's the same God. Yes, he's living inside of you and me. Oh, let's sing it all together now. Oh, he's the same God who spoke to all the women at the well. Oh, he's the same God whose wonders are too many to tell. Oh, he's the same God who parted the raging. Oh, raging red sea. Oh, he is the same God. Oh, he's living inside of me. Oh, sing that chorus one more time. The same God. Oh, he's the same God who spoke to. Hallelujah. the woman at the well. Oh, he's the same God whose wonders are too many. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, the same God who parted. Thank you, Lord. The raing or raging Red Sea. Thank God he's the same God and he's living in me. Oh, the same God. The same God who had parted through the raing raging Red Sea. Oh, he's the same God and he's living in me. Yes, he's living in me. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Oh, is that same God living in you this morning? Hallelujah. Oh, just give him praise this morning. Thank you, Lord Jesus. That Lord, you never change, Lord. You're still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Same God that's living in me. Amen. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. Well, what a mighty God we serve. Well, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, will angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. Oh, well, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. Oh well, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. Oh, I know Jesus is the God we serve. Oh, thank you, Lord. Well, Jesus is the God I serve. Well, angels bow before me. Well, heaven and earth are glory. Well, Jesus is the God that we serve. Let's sing once again. Jesus. Oh, well, Jesus is the God we serve. Oh yes, Lord. Jesus is the God that we serve. Well, angels bow before him. Well, heaven and earth adore him. Well, Jesus. Oh, we're singing. What a mighty God we serve. Well, what a mighty God that we serve. Oh, well, angels bow before him. Will heaven and earth him? What a mighty God we serve. Without singing, Jesus is the God I serve. Oh yes, he is. Will not Jesus is the God? Well, angels bow before him. Will heaven and earth adore him? Jesus is the God I serve. Oh, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. Oh, he's God in the Holy Ghost. Not three Gods but one. I know God is God. Oh, and God don't ever change. I know God. Oh, he's still my God. Well, he's God in the bright furnace. He is God in the lion's den. Oh, he's God in the time of trouble. He's God and I trust in him. I know God is God. Oh, yeah. God don't ever change. I know God. Oh yes, he's still God. Oh, he's God. If you serve him, he's God. If you don't, oh, he's God. If you love him, he's still God. If you won't win, I know God. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Amen. Well, he's God that heal of cancer. He's the God that heals TV. Oh, he's the God who heals my trouble. I know that he healed me. I know. Woo! Hallelujah. I know my God is still my God. Well, he's God of the first. Oh, he's God of the last. Oh, he's a God of my future. He's the God of my past. I know. Oh, I'll singing God. Oh, he's still my God. Well, he's God. If you serve him, he's still God if you don't. Well, he's God if you love him. He's still God if you won't. I know. Hallelujah. And God don't never change. I know. Well, well, what do you think about Jesus? Well, what do you think about Jesus? What do you think about Jesus? Oh yes. Hallelujah. Oh, that sounds so good. Sing once again. Well, now what do you think about Jesus truth? Oh, well, what do you think about Jesus? Oh, well, what do you think about Jesus? I'm singing He's all right. All right. Oh well, he's God when the lightning flashes. He's God when the thunder rolls. Oh, he's God when the sun is shining. He's God down in my soul. I know God don't ever change. Oh, hallelujah. Well, he was God in Moses. He was God in Paul, too. Oh, he was God in William Brandon. He's still God me and you. I know. Hallelujah. Oh, I singing God is my God. Oh, and well, I got to ask you one more time. What do you think about Jesus? Oh, what do you think about Jesus? Hallelujah. Well, what do you think about Jesus? &gt;&gt; Well, I sing he's all right. All right. Well, I said that he's all right. All right. Hallelujah. Oh, we worship you, Lord. Hallelujah. There's none like our Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Woo! Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh my. Don't you just love him this morning? Don't you just appreciate him? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Oh, I don't know about you, but I just I love worshiping the Lord. I love praising him. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. Gratitude. Amen. All my words fall short. Oh my. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We have so much to be thankful for, church. Hallelujah. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do, but every song must and you never do. All my words fall short once again. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. Yes, Lord. Where can I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs. I could sing these songs as I often do, but every song must stand. Oh, and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Oh, cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for the king. Oh, except for a heart. Sing hyal hallelujah. Oh, I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. Oh Lord, I will worship you. I've got one response. I've got one response. Oh Lord, I've got just one move with my arms stretched wide. Oh Lord, I will worship you. Oh, so I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Hallelujah. Oh, cuz all that I have is a Oh, hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for my king. Oh, except for a heart single. Oh, yeah. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs and get up and praise the Lord. Oh, let's praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, so come on my soul and don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs and get up and praise the Lord. Let's praise the Lord. Come on my soul. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Hallelujah. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Let's just get up and praise the Lord. Come on my soul. Oh so come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift of your soul. Oh cuz you got fire inside of those lungs. Get up. Oh praise to come on my soul once again. Come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. Cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs and get up and praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a new and I know it's not much but I'm nothing else fitting for the king except for a heart single. Let's all sing this now as brother Samuel comes. So I throw up. So I throw up my hand. &gt;&gt; Let's all stand this morning. Raise you again and again. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Cuz all that I have is a high. Hallelujah. Hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I have nothing else for the king except for a heart single. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord Jesus. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Amen. If you don't mind, I'll let you have your seats. I didn't communicate that with Paul, but um so good to see each and every one of you here in the in the house of the Lord. And uh we so thank God for his mercy and giving us grace to be able to be together &gt;&gt; once again. And um it's always such a real treat, amen, to be able to come to the house of the Lord. I mean I amen to no matter as brother Bram describes it, an everpresent water of the rock. He said, "No matter what is going on," &gt;&gt; he said, "To a believer, it's a joy to go to the house of the Lord." &gt;&gt; And that is absolutely, I have found that to be the truth. Amen. It truly is that of a joy. It's a joy to be able to come together. Amen. To fellowship around the word of the Lord because sometimes when we when we walk in here, we maybe don't feel uh as joyous, but it's not the joy is not what is based on our our flesh. &gt;&gt; That's a joy the world gives and the world can take it away. But there's a joy that is on the inside that when we know we've passed from death unto life. And that's what gives us strength through every trial, through every circumstance, what what gives us the grace to press on. Amen. Through it all. And I'm glad it's a reality. Aren't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so, um, musicians, God bless you. Thank you. Um, so appreciate that this morning. And so appreciate the worship. &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh I just wanted to I mentioned on Thursday I did want to uh share just a few slides with you before I I get into speaking here uh this morning just on our uh the trip there just to uh to Belgium um which I think I even had communicated with you uh regarding we were supposed to uh fly out there on on Monday of that of that week. I believe it was the 29th and uh of course we knew the windstorm we had here and uh that was quite that was quite the ordeal. And then uh Tuesday we got um got the news my flight was delayed to Detroit. They had switched everything around and so I just I just told my wife I said just take me to the airport so I can talk to somebody at the front counter. And um so you know how that is when you fly. You know the the apps are amazing. Uh the app has really helped me a lot over the years, but sometimes even with the apps and those things that are going on and let alone try to get through uh you know to talk to somebody. Good luck on that one. Um and and there was a lot of backup from the weather. So but God made a way and uh we so I thank the Lord for that. I had to fly into uh uh Amsterdam right over here in Netherlands and then we took just a city hopper and came over here into Brussels and that's where the where we flew into. And then uh from Brussels uh brother David uh Iberson and them were right around Gent just a little past Gent in the city called Nazareth. And so uh we went there and I got in on that day which I think would have been Wednesday afternoon. And then uh so this is um this is brother David. You probably remember brother David from being here. The one time he's here. He preached on belittling spirits. Um brother David has really preached some wonderful um services. one that was it's really made its way around quite a bit and that is pressure to prophesy. It's been a very powerful service as well. Um so that um that we arrive there and um uh then here we have uh brother Kyle, brother Kyle Morton right here from uh he's from um Vancouver, Victoria Island. uh he pastors a a group there that u brother Bisco had encouraged him to start because of the the traveling back and forth across from Van Victoria Island to Vancouver it's quite expensive so for the people the believers that are there so brother Kyle um he was there with me ministering this is brother David again and then brother Simeon his brother and uh so this was a time right here that we're out there standing on the on the pier out in in the ocean. This is after the pressure had released from the services, but I was freezing to death. It was so cold. All I could think about is let me get back to the end of this pier because I have been promised a coffee. And so you can kind of you can kind of see that, you know, like right here that it's just the way things are are are kind of uh back in here. We were out standing and looking back in towards Newport and Newport is clear on the coast over on the west. And so this is the hostel where the uh young people were staying. So we actually had to um walk between buildings and uh this was the uh welcome. It's quite a production that uh that is put on in a big event center. And they've been doing this for for 30 years. And it was actually brother David when he was just a young man that just had the burden to uh seen the need to have youth meetings. And so when he took it to his his pastor then then all this uh was started there's a lot of a lot of different testimonies that have come out of there just as much uh like that of the different meetings that we have here in the states uh where you have different a lot of where where hearts have met the Lord in a personal way and then uh now those lives are serving God in some capacity. Um this is uh this is brother Simeon that puts all this together. So we I knew this going into it that all of this data that all that had registered where everybody came from. It also gives you a little bit of the uh the age ages that are there. And so we we had some that were there that were uh uh 34 and plus. And I I really to me when I'm coming into a meeting like this, I'm always very I'm very thankful that um even the older ones that they will come because they recognize that there's an also a part about giving back &gt;&gt; and giving back is also being part of helping create the atmosphere. And that that to me is always an encouragement because it it shows a little bit that's gone beyond self. And uh even when uh I speak to those at uh TWT in the afternoon session um down there in uh St. Mary's, I think it's the 19year-old and up, I'm always encouraged by the amount uh that's there um you know because that really shows a lot and and I understand that there are those that are coming because they have real needs in their lives and um as well and uh but it's just so encouraging and then so there was such a such an age group. It also helps in the preparation as you're getting ready. And um so you know, I looked at this one here and I I don't know I don't think they shared this, but boy, that boy and girl is pretty close. So I always get I always get chuckles out of those things, you know. I'm looking at all this right here. And so they have everything broke down, you know. And uh so this is where this right here in blue, and I don't know, I I may be in the way, but this in blue, this is where all of the um participants in the conference, this is where they all came from. It's &gt;&gt; in the blue. So there was just a a lot of different countries uh that were represented there. And so um you have just uh in the uh the event center there in the main um auditorium or sanctuary and um you know you can kind of um see they're worshiping there at the one part and brother Mark from in England there is uh is leading them and in some worship and so um they're really having a wonderful time in the Lord and um this is brother David just greeting also the people and the the young people kind of giving some directions and things like that and all that has taken place and uh one thing I found that I I so I really love because one thing that's been such a burden on my heart is discipling and the importance of that and to really understand what that is that there is such a an encouragement just as uh brother David uh came into um in the in the having of those meetings really working to labor within it. The the goal that they have even within this now it may be hard to see it but you see you take individuals like you'll take like brother Mark right here at one time brother Mark was just 11 12 13 year old young man sitting out there and now it's coming back and giving back and then you take brother Caleb brother Caleb's a translator in French was also one that was a recipient before but you know just working and and getting others getting the young people involved to where that they're uh part of the vision. And I certainly believe it like this that um you know I always feel um I always feel kind of strange anymore. Brother Kyle when I was there, brother Kyle was talking about, you know, how he had contacted me and about us, you know, with ministering together. And he said, you know, brother Samuel being a seasoned minister. And I thought, I don't when I look at myself, I look at myself as a young man. And that's the comfort, you know, it's like uh when I go to ministers meetings and you know there, you know, I had other brothers looking and saying, "Hey, we want we want to know what what your thoughts are and things." And I think, man, I my comfort is is always having those ahead of me. uh the older ones, you know, because um it's just such a such a blessing. I've been so blessed by by wonderful uh mentors um all along the way. And but I I say it in this way that I I don't believe we got to wait to a certain age to be effective. &gt;&gt; I I take the scripture that Paul told Timothy, he said, "Be thou an example." &gt;&gt; And so we don't have to wait. We we can be an example. We can begin to move and to act right now. is, you know, and ask the Lord, God, what would you have me to do? Uh because I certainly believe that's part of Christianity. I believe that with all my heart. I don't believe Christianity is like a restaurant. We go in and eat and then we just don't do nothing. Part of Christianity is what we take in and then how it's lived out and how that we serve the rest of the body. That's a that's a real vision. So, brother Kyle, he brother Kyle just he preached some just some wonderful messages there in the morning and just how God just so um brought things together. I've always I always marvel at this of how that um you know you never speak and never we never converse on what we're going to talk about and um sometimes you know I've had in times past where a brother will ask me what what's your theme and I'm like I don't like to do that because sometimes that can change and so you know I'll try to go along which the Lord did take me along the theme line of arise and shine uh within this meetings and I really spoke three services on fatherhood and dealing with uh us and becoming being sons and how God works with our lives. But um you know there's things that God can so change. But brother Kyle, he he I just watched how God just so brought things where brother Kyle would stop and it would just lay in then for the night service of where we would go. And brother Kyle preached the mornings and then of course we had uh the evening services and brother Jonathan um was was my uh interpreter. And so uh we were so thankful uh for for those brothers. they were very very good and uh it was they they they did everything to keep up and and so it was it was a great blessing. And then this was the dining hall and I was able to see that a few times and uh just right outside the dining hall right here you could look right out and see the ocean. So those are the uh and this dining hall it's a it's a historical building. um when you brother David was pointing this out. He didn't realize it until oh it might have been a year ago or so and his mother was even going back through the Fox's book of martyrs and how John Fox actually landed in Newport where we were at and so um there's a lot also a lot of different memorials but this is a historic building so they're actually uh working to redo all of that. So I I think they may actually have a pause on the Newport youth meetings there for at least a year or two because everything has to be done with historical beating uh buildings with such intricate detail. So um but uh and then this was u these pre these are pictures where the pressure is off. I'm the pressure is off. This is Sunday evening right here. Of course, you guys, by the time I'm sitting down right here, you all were just maybe getting out of service here on Sunday afternoon. And so, brother, brother Yoan, Brother David, Brother Simeon, and of course, Brother Kyle, and we're just uh moments away from going to our hotel and then going to fly out the next day. And of course, this is after we came off of that long walk on the pier. And yes, you do see a waffle sitting in front of me. And the waffle was instigated by Brother Trevor. Brother Trevor, you know, he was there last year and preached. Oh, you got to do a waffle. you got to do a waffle. I said, I I don't I don't I don't I don't eat things like that. And I said, I'm not saying I wouldn't like them, but you know, we were there and they were they were after me. Yeah, you just got to try it. And so we did. And um so then I I always thought was funny is that when I would ask them, I would ask I said, "I want an Americano. That's what I want. I want a black Americano." And they well that that's just coffee here. And so I said, "Well," they said, "You mean you want it strong?" That's strong. I want it strong. That's how I like it. So they, it was kind of funny, you know, I'm asking for that over there and I thought they would they would know, but they they knew how to take care of it. So, um, but the Lord was so was so good. Uh, I want to just, yeah, I wish there's more that I could convey to you. U, but to see, uh, your prayers within it all. I so appreciate your prayers. Uh, not only for the safe travels, but for those of you that have traveled, you know, it's important for your luggage to arrive. &gt;&gt; And so that was that was such a key. I was praying. I I told him I said pray for not only my flights but pray for my luggage uh that that it will arrive. So uh God was gracious and you know you know how little things come along the way and you can kind of get a little nervous because when I had to pass through Amsterdam they were having issues with getting luggage connected on flights and things. I thought, "Oh no, Lord Jesus, just watch over my bag, Lord." I'm not trying to be selfish, but just watch over my bag, Lord. You know, I don't mind preaching in jeans. I don't mind doing that at all, but uh Lord knows I you know I don't want to have to go out and get other things when you're there. But uh God was merciful, but most importantly um the Lord just moved in such a marvelous way uh within those services and um just just met just so many different needs. And you see um the young people just responding to the word of God right from the very start. And then um it was the second night uh we I still had one more night left to minister, but I knew going into the services on that second night and what I was going to uh felt led on my heart to really deal with and really work with deliverance, deal with spirits and just really focus on God bringing God's care down of how God cares for our hearts. And so with that um you know we we had um we had a prayer line. we had two was going and just the amount of needs that um that passes through. There's things and it's it's it's not the first time that you you're praying for needs like this, but it's just it's things at times that it's just um well, it's beyond what your mind can even comprehend sometimes the things that worth the young people have dealt with and what they're dealing with. And um but you know, I'm grateful that within it all that God does care. &gt;&gt; And I'm grateful that there is a bomb in Gilead that can bring healing to the soul &gt;&gt; as well as to the emotional realm. That no matter what tragedy, what travesty, what has taken place, whatever lays there, I'm glad there's healing. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so I'm just so thankful to the Lord and um um you know, for all that he done. And like I said, Brother Kyle just to me preached just some wonderful messages. He really laid a lot of things in with a lot of with teaching and things like that. Just was just solid. Very, very good. So, um, if you have an opportunity, if you'd, you know, like maybe those services there that Brother Kyle had spoke, I believe you'd be blessed. Um, I know I had sent you the link and maybe if you, uh, if you didn't get it because you're not on Telegram, I can send that link to you. um because I think you would certainly be blessed by that. So I want to say thank you. Thank you for your your your prayers and your support and what a comfort it was um while we were there and how God did move. So if we could let's just stand and I want to I want to go right into uh the scriptures here in Matthew chapter 16. And perhaps just for time, there's certain things I'll just try to abbreviate without uh trying to ra without compromising the context of what we want to look at here this morning. And um I'll just kind of preface it in this way is that I I want to really to focus on divine revelation. We've been dealing with the embracing of deity, embracing uh the Holy Spirit that's in our midst, embracing this word. And I want to deal with divine revelation. And I want to um to really focus on that and and that even in a manner that would be um the way I look at this this morning to how God has taken it is um it shows the seriousness of where we're at and it also unveils the approach to God as well and things that when we're looking we're not left in a helpless situation but we can pray and we can ask God and God will certainly move on our behalf. And so I'm very thankful for that. We're never with we're never without a hope without a hope or an out. In Matthew 16, when Jesus came into the coast of Cesaria Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, "Whom do men say that I, the son of man, am?" And they said, "Some say thou art John the Baptist and some Elias and others Jeremas or one of the prophets." And he said unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" So at first he asked, "Who do men?" It's a different crowd. They then men had their answer, but then he comes down personal. Who do you say that I am? And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven, and I say also unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we have just read Lord in your word. Now Lord, we certainly believe this Lord and we know this by experience in our own life that God it is not a flesh and blood affair. We know that God that you use man but Lord it is never man imparting revelation from one to another. It is you, Father, that does the work. So Lord, as you come Lord, and it's you that opens the eyes, may you just speak to our hearts, every one of us, Lord, in a very personal way, Lord, that Father, even if we are are sitting here, Lord, in a place this morning, that dear God, that we have completely experienced, Lord, the divine grace in our life, Lord, of this blessed revelation of Jesus Christ, Lord, it gives us, Lord, are just a real uh a real direction, Lord, and even how to pray for our loved ones, how to pray for others, Lord. And I pray that God that you'll just, Lord, help me. Let the man part step aside. May you come and speak to our hearts in a personal way, Lord. And I pray for those, Lord, that are not able to be here, Lord. You see how sickness has Lord just wanted to just move, Lord, among us. And we so thank you, God, for your grace touching us, Lord. Different ones, Lord, that where we've, Lord, been out for some time, but your grace has restored us in our bodies. And there's others, Lord, they need that touch. Would you visit them right where they're at, Lord, in their home right now, Lord, we ask for you, Father, the great enforcer of your word, Lord, for it's by your stripes we're healed. And we ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you're being seated. Amen. Pardon me. So I want to I want to focus here upon this uh aspect of it in looking at um divine revelation and within the scriptures as it says in the book of Hebrews, faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. For by it the elders obtained a good report. And through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that the things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. But without faith, it is impossible to please God. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. So when we realize that when we're speaking of divine revelation and it's such a a vast uh subject and topic but yet it yet in the simplicity and I trust that that's what would be conveyed is that divine revelation is what brings you in contact with the source of life because every promise of God must be accepted by faith and faith Faith is a revelation of God's will. This is why that even as we if you think back over the previous weeks have we've been looking and really um laboring on those scriptures where Jesus said, "How long have I been with you?" Because the whole revealing was also to reveal what God's real purpose was. And that was for God to come and to dwell in man. That's what the Messiah would also reveal. And then we find that when um things did not go according to how the disciples thought that it it would go, but yet God coming down becoming one of us. He went and paid the price. And then in Luke 24, he steps out and begins to gather them because now now is their portion of the coming of the Lord being that they have to be gathered to that word to receive that word that Jesus said not only will I be with you but I'll be in you because when he was with them they didn't have perfect oneness. The prophet also goes on to tell us when he was with them they didn't have perfect faith. He said because it takes the Holy Spirit in your life to bring that perfect faith. Yet they had faith to a measure to cast out evil spirits to go preach the gospel, right? But then they came to that place of that epileptic child and so forth. And then brother Rama always pick up on that and especially in the message perfect faith. And he deals with how the only way that you can have that perfect faith and to be a candidate for that to to move is for to have the Holy Spirit dwelling within our lives. And so that real revelation is what brings is what um brings faith and it reveals God's will. It's revelation that stabilizes our life. It gives us it gives us the clarity of what we are to pursue. So in other words, it's just like when a person is coming to receive the Holy Ghost, they first of all have to know what the Holy Ghost is. &gt;&gt; That's why you just can't say receive. You you've they have to know what that is. That that's then that's where you start to God reveal to them what this is &gt;&gt; because like the prophet is he tells us, you have to come with faith. So, it's faith in the living God just like every promise. And that's why the prophet would tell us in desperation, he said, "If you're coming across the platform," he said, "and you're coming up here for prayer and saying, I don't know if God will heal me. I've been prayed for this or that." He says, "You might as well just stay in your seat because nothing's going to take place because you have to have faith. &gt;&gt; Faith is not a hope so, but faith is is where it is anchored and you can't explain it." And so Jesus here when he he picks this up and he says in Luke 10 and verse 21, he says, "In that hour Jesus rejoiced in the spirit and said, I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven and earth, that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent, and has revealed them unto babes. Even so, Father, it seemed good in thy sight. All things are delivered to me of my father and no man knoweth who the son is but the father and who the father is but the son and he to whom the son will reveal him. And you you find how brother Brandon will always take when he will quote this scripture here out of Luke and Matthew and brother Brandon will always put that on unto babes such as would learn and it's expressing what what that is expressing of is that of that of humility because the in the the the scripture tells us that to when we see the mighty hand of God we see God moving Then at that moment as you see God moving, God vindicating his word. That's true. It doesn't mean that you have to understand it. It's that you recognize that's God. &gt;&gt; That this is God that's that's speaking to my heart. This is this is this is something more than a man. This is God who's moving. You see God coming and vindicating his word. Then that's the time to humble ourselves under the mighty hand of God. and then he will exalt us in due time. It's not it's we it's not us having to exalt ourselves. It's not us having to bring ourselves above sin. It's not us having to bring ourselves beyond an unbelieving condition. But it is the power of God that comes through the submission of our heart to God who is revealing himself to be the same yesterday, today, and forever. And so, you know, I know that might seem very uh it might seem very simple, but remember the Pharisees and the men and all the way through the scriptures, many saw the word being vindicated from Cain all the way down, but they saw what was truth, but they weren't willing to submit to it. &gt;&gt; They stood in opposition to it. But then there were others who saw it to be truth. BUT IT WAS MORE THAN just truth. They saw it as the source of life. Now what did that? What separated what made the difference is divine revelation. &gt;&gt; Divine revelation is so important. This is why that the prophet would say that regarding revelation that he says it can never the importance of revelation can never be overemphasized. &gt;&gt; And he goes on to say I'm not talking about the book of revelation. I'm talking about all revelation &gt;&gt; because revelation is God's channel of speaking to your heart. Right? &gt;&gt; And this is why remember when brother Brandham takes that and you you hear him refer to this multiple times in the message and I I love the time there in who is this Melzdc where he's speaking to a man that's you know come out of training from from um seminary and you know he's oh you know brother Brandham you you're off on this with the trinity and so forth and and brother Brandham just you know dropping just simple questions and and I want to say this brother Brandham was not a positioner or a debater. He was a son of God. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; He wasn't a fighter. &gt;&gt; He was just It was just There was times like Brother Brham says, you know, you you just start plugging the holes and eventually the rabbit can't run. But Brother Brand never went. It's just like, look, this is why, let me just show you this. This is why Brother Bram says he remember he got a letter, unveiling of God, I believe it's where it's at. Brother Bram got a letter and he found out this somebody was just going right down through the time and raking him over. And brother Bram said, "I come to realize it was a woman preacher." He said, "So I thought, I'm not even going to give my time to that." &gt;&gt; Why? It didn't merit it. &gt;&gt; You see, and this is where that we need the real sovereign grace of God because our heart, listen now, if our heart is right, uh, debating is all about proving or winning an argument. &gt;&gt; That's not about helping a soul. But when even in the helping of a soul, remember where the prophet he's telling this in uh uh I believe it's marriage and divorce uh that he's standing there and he says here I am standing outside and he's you know and here's a there's a man that came by and you know he's talking to brother Brandham about serpent seed and and he says well brother Brandham if if that's what took place in the garden where's it at now? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham says I just paused for a minute. I I didn't know what to say. &gt;&gt; I love that transparency. I love that. Don't you? &gt;&gt; And brother Brandham said all of a sudden he said the HOLY SPIRIT SAID, "TELL HIM IT'S RIGHT HERE." &gt;&gt; Without any explanation, BROTHER BRANDHAM SAYS, "IT'S HERE." And he said, all of a sudden the man said, "Well, SURE IT IS, BROTHER BRANDHAM." That's exactly right. YOU SEE THE POWER OF INSPIRATION. GOD HELP US. AND I'M NOT WANTING to say that we become make ourselves odd and strained when we just walk around and we're looking at our family and we're all our eyes are bugged out and what are you doing? Well, I'm waiting on a revelation before I can talk to you. No, no, that that's not what that's not how Brother Brandham was going about that. We were not. Remember, we were we were uh counseledled. DON'T MAKE yourself odd. &gt;&gt; That's right. The world already labels believers that have come in contact with that other world as odd. &gt;&gt; But we don't have to make OURSELVES NOTHING. JUST BE A BELIEVER. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; RIGHT? &gt;&gt; You don't want to be called odd because you've made yourself odd because that is odd. &gt;&gt; That was deep. But you you realize that it's the THE WHOLE GOD'S DESIRE IN revealing himself is to get his program across. &gt;&gt; It's also revelation is a channel that Satan cannot get into. &gt;&gt; Satan cannot know this revelation. &gt;&gt; HE HAS KNOWLEDGE. THERE'S THINGS HE'S LOOKED AT. THERE'S THINGS HE'S SEEN. BUT HE CANNOT know this revelation. Now you might look and SAY, "WELL, CAIN KNEW THE PERFECT WILL OF GOD." That's right. Brother Brand tells us perfect transformation, God's power to transfer form. He said, "Satan knows the will of God, but refuses to do it." &gt;&gt; Now, this is where we want to drop in on knowing it versus it being revealed. &gt;&gt; THERE'S A BIG DIFFERENCE between knowledge and revelation. Right. &gt;&gt; A PERSON CAN HAVE KNOWLEDGE OF WHAT IS THE TRUTH but never give themselves to it. You say, "WELL, THEN HOW DO THEY COME TO A PLACE? HOW DID YOU COME TO A PLACE TO WHERE YOU give yourself to it?" It's got to be revealed. &gt;&gt; It must be revealed. And I'm grateful for the grace of God that comes by and reveals himself to you and I. &gt;&gt; You know, Brother Bram says it's like a man who's sitting and he's heard the preaching of the word all of his life. HE SAID, AND ALL OF A SUDDEN SOMETHING JUST STRIKES HIM AND HE'S LIKE, "WHOA, THAT'S WHAT IT IS." AND HE SAID, "AS SOON AS IT STRIKES THAT MAN," HE SAID, "RIGHT THERE, HE CONFESSES IT. HE'S SAVED. IT'S DONE." &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; IT STRIKES JUST THAT WAY. SO, HOW SHOULD WE BE PRAYING, "OH, GOD, LET THE REVELATION STRIKE, LORD." &gt;&gt; LORD, &gt;&gt; that's a sovereign work of God. This is why your new birth and my new birth is not born of the will of flesh. &gt;&gt; It's not born of a church. It's born of God. &gt;&gt; It's God working. God will work through individuals to influence, to display, to encourage us, but it's all a work of almighty God. &gt;&gt; And this is why when brother Brandham in with this particular uh uh uh uhh brother, he says, "Well, I can't accept revelation." And brother Bram says it like this. Then there's no way for God to ever get to you &gt;&gt; because it's hid from the eyes of the wise and prudent and revealed to babes revelation such as we'll accept it &gt;&gt; and learn. There'd be no way for God to get to you because you close yourself off from him. So revelation, he said that's everything. That's that's what there's no other way to God only by revelation. When you realize that Job, this is why brother Bram will pick it up in the closing services in ' 65. I've heard but now I see on the wings of a snow white dove, invisible union, bride of Jesus Christ, trying to do God a service. And there's a theme that is even interwoven in there of of how with the revelation being so uh important because these men did not even have a written Bible. But brother Bram says what they had was revelation. And he said, "After all, that's what's more important." &gt;&gt; Now, Brother Brandham WASN'T DOING AWAY WITH THE BIBLE. BUT BROTHER BRANDHAM WAS VERY CLEAR BY SAYING, HE SAID, "WE'VE had men that's argued over words, and if we can, Brother Brand, if we can JUST GET THEM TO SAY THIS word correctly, or they study this language, AND BROTHER BRANDHAM SAID, THAT'S NOT WHAT'S NEEDED. &gt;&gt; WHAT WE NEED IS THE HOLY SPIRIT TO GIVE A REVELATION OF WHAT IS ALREADY LAYING THERE." &gt;&gt; AND THAT'S WHAT GOD HAS PROMISED. AND THAT'S WHAT HE'S DONE. AND HE'S STILL IN THE MIDST OF THIS AGE REVEALING HIMSELF. THE MESSENGER HAS COME AND GONE. THE MESSAGE HAS BEEN DELIVERED. BUT THE SAME GOD THAT INSPIRED THE PROPHET WHERE THE PROPHET DIDN'T EVEN KNOW WHERE TO LOOK IN THE SCRIPTURES UNTIL GOD TOLD HIM WHERE TO LOOK. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Standing in the message rapture, he said, "YOU HEAR THESE MEN TALKING ABOUT PROMISE OF THE HOUR, MESSAGE OF THE HOUR." He said, "What they're referring to is THE PROMISE THAT GOD HAS MADE." AND HE SAID, "WE WOULD NOT EVEN KNOW WHERE TO LOOK IF THE HOLY SPIRIT HAD NOT GUIDED US THERE." &gt;&gt; SO THIS MESSAGE IS NOT THE ENTHUSIASM OR IMPRESSIONS OF A MAN THAT I FEEL LIKE WE NEED THIS RIGHT NOW. THAT'S NOT WHAT THIS MESSAGE IS. AND NEITHER is our lives to be under that kind of a governance either. &gt;&gt; God knows what we have need of. &gt;&gt; He supplies all that we have need of. And a matter of fact, when God ministers to our needs, there's ways and many times God will do things. Let's just say in a service, it can come through by way of a text that you would never have selected or thought that that through that text. And it isn't necessarily maybe that text, but it's how God is going to speak and bring that word to such an application in our hearts to where the very answer that we've been looking for, we hear our answer coming from God's own voice. It really gives us a confidence to say, Lord, no matter no matter where I'm at, I've come here and I'm going to receive from you this morning. &gt;&gt; So divine revelation, the whole church is built upon that and that's what makes a difference. Now, brother Bam will take this in Christ the mystery of God revealed and he's picking up what we just read in Matthew 16 where he says they he asked them the question what do you think that I am now he says and then he asked the question what does man think I am I want you to catch this what does man think I am today he's a philosopher this social religion he was a good man we believe his teaching is right? Subject to be lived by. I think it'd all make us better if we did. We We ought to have churches and so forth. Brother Bram said, "That's a Santa Claus story." &gt;&gt; See, the message is not something just to make you live better. &gt;&gt; The message is not just something that's good. &gt;&gt; The message is not just something that is, well, this is perfect truth. It's life. &gt;&gt; Yes, it is. &gt;&gt; Because this message is Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; That's not me propping it up. GOD'S ALREADY VINDICATED IT. GOD DOESN'T NEED IT'S NOT GOD DOESN'T NEED ME TO PROP IT UP. GOD'S ALREADY VINDICATED THIS TRUTH. AND NOW HIS SOURCE OF VINDICATION IS NOT ON A PLATFORM. HIS SOURCE OF VINDICATION, YOUR LIFE IS THE PLATFORM THAT JESUS CHRIST IS BEING DISPLAYED THROUGH. &gt;&gt; THAT'S WHERE HE WANTS TO BE DISPLAYED THROUGH. THAT'S THE PLATFORM. THAT'S WHERE HE WANTS TO LIVE OUT HIS LIFE. AND ALL OF YOUR WEAKNESSES, EVERYTHING ELSE IN YOUR LIFE, THOSE ARE ONLY OPPORTUNITIES FOR GOD'S GRACE TO SHINE THROUGH IN YOUR LIFE TO SHOW THAT THE MIGHTY CONQUEROR IS STILL INDEED THE SAME YESTERDAY, TODAY, AND FOREVER. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; There's nothing that God pulls back on when he looked at your life or looked AT MY LIFE. LISTEN, EVEN AFTER THE HOLY SPIRIT HAS COME AND NOW GOD BEGINS TO WORK WITH OUR CHARACTER, God is not looking at this sweating bullets. He has provided all that is necessary and all that's needed and all that is needed is the character of his own life on the inside. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And then that re revelation continuing to unfold not outside of us but in us. &gt;&gt; Remember he said he would come in and s with us. &gt;&gt; So we see him on the outside. That's where what builds our faith when you can recognize who's in our midst. But then as we recognize who's in our midst, who's knocking on our door, when we let him in, then when he comes in, then he begins to reveal himself. &gt;&gt; AND AS HE'S REVEALING HIMSELF, REMEMBER HE that revealing OF HIMSELF IS NOT JUST TO YOU, in you, but now through you. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; That's the objective of this word. In other words, to where his seal, his life is what's on display and that's what's shown. Brother Ram goes on and says it's not an expression of some church that we should express something. It's a life that you don't live yourself, but he comes in and lives by himself and you become a PRISONER TO ANY HUMAN intellectual being at all. You're led by the spirit. Right? &gt;&gt; This is why listen, the message has got to become personal. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because it can't just be, well, our church teaches this. It's not an expression of a church. &gt;&gt; No. Amen. &gt;&gt; If it just remains that way, IT'S ONLY A SEASON OF TIME. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE THERE'S NOT NOTHING TO HOLD YOU. &gt;&gt; YOU IT'S GOT IT'S GOT TO BE SOMETHING WHERE YOU RECOGNIZE THAT IT'S HIM &gt;&gt; AND YOU CAN EVEN RECOGNIZE YOUR WEAKNESS. LORD, I NEED STRENGTH IN MY LIFE TO QUENCH THESE DESIRES. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; THAT'S RECOGNIZING WHO'S IN OUR MIDST. THE SAME ONE WHO WALKED ON THE WATER. THE SAME ONE WHO TOOK A LITTLE LAD'S LUNCH. &gt;&gt; BROTHER BRAM SAID, "YOU GOT A LITTLE FAITH? PUT IT IN HIS HAND TONIGHT." &gt;&gt; HE SAID, "YOU GOT PROBLEM WITH LUST? PUT IN HIS HAND." &gt;&gt; AND HE SAID, "WATCH WHEN YOU PUT IN HIS HAND, AS THE SERVICE GOES ON, YOU'LL FIND your life being changed." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; GLORY be to God. What a place of safety. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother, this ain't an insurance advertisement with hands open. This is blessed assurance. &gt;&gt; JESUS IS MINE. OH, WHAT A FORETASTE OF GLORY DIVINE. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. This is why brother Ram just reading these to lay these in for us. He says, you know, he says when a real man is to lose his own thoughts and his own way of thinking, not come up blindly like that. No, no, you come up with your right senses. &gt;&gt; And Christ takes you over and expresses himself. He says when Christ takes you over, he'll express that word right through you because it's him. Let me just pause here just for a moment. God has examples setting throughout an assembly. Let me just say even to the older ones as pillars of thisam of this assembly is to be an example of what God can do, what God has done. Because to be able to look, let me just say to the younger ones to understand this is that everyone that you see sitting around here is an older elder. It isn't that life has been easy. &gt;&gt; It isn't that things have been handed to them. It isn't that that they have a greater mind over matter. Oh, if I only had that fortitude. God don't no flesh can glory in his presence. There might be some really gifted people mentally and everything else, but that's not what's holding you. I'm going to tell you when you look around what it what is holding is the revelation &gt;&gt; because revelation is lifegiving. &gt;&gt; That's where when you have been at maybe your lowest moment of discouragement, &gt;&gt; weary and even as an elder you felt like just just you felt like giving in. There's no desire to go back to the world. &gt;&gt; No. Amen. &gt;&gt; But you just you just you you run out of strength. SOMETIMES YOU GET WEARY. YEAH. &gt;&gt; AND I WANT TO SAY THIS. GOD BLESS YOU FOR BEING FOR STANDING AND LETTING THAT WORD HAVE PREEMINENCE IN YOUR LIFE. &gt;&gt; THANK YOU FOR BEING AN EXAMPLE. THANK YOU FOR BEING A TESTIMONY. BECAUSE EVEN AS I STAND RIGHT HERE THIS MORNING, I KNOW THERE ARE LIVES SITTING RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW THAT THAT AS FAR AS HOW YOU FEEL, HOW THINGS ARE GOING ON, YOUR EMOTIONS, THAT IF YOU WENT BY THAT, YOU WOULDN'T BE HERE AT ALL. BUT GOD'S GRACE IS SUFFICIENT. AND YOU'RE HERE BECAUSE YOU LOVE THE LORD AND SAYING, "GOD, I NEED TO HEAR FROM YOU, LORD." YOU MIGHT BE LIKE ELIJAH THIS MORNING. I NEED, LORD, THE ANGEL WITH SOFT HANDS. &gt;&gt; I NEED, LORD GOD, THE RAVENS TO DROP SOMETHING MY WAY, LORD. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, yes. Yes. BECAUSE IT'S IT'S CHRIST. WHAT WAS IT THAT KEPT THE REST of them resolute and pressing on? It was that revelation and I think we can see what the importance of revelation is. LISTEN, MOSES KNEW WHAT THE TRUTH WAS, but it wasn't revealed to him, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; He had knowledge of it. In the face of knowledge, he went and killed one, one Egyptian. But when WHEN WHEN WHEN OPPOSITION CAME, he ran. Right? &gt;&gt; But the difference WAS WHEN HE MET GOD FACE TO FACE &gt;&gt; AND NOW IT WAS NO MORE JUST A KNOWLEDGE &gt;&gt; but it was revealed &gt;&gt; a revelation. He saw his part. HE SAW GOD UNFOLDING HIMSELF WHEN HE WENT BACK DOWN TO EGYPT. AND THE BROTHER, YOU KNOW HOW BROTHER BRAMBLE DRAMATIZED IT, A ONE-MAN INVASION. &gt;&gt; HE WASN'T WALKING DOWN THERE WITH AN ARMY BEHIND HIM. &gt;&gt; HE WAS GOING DOWN THERE NOW. HE HAD A WIFE. HE HAD YOUNGANS. &gt;&gt; Come on, FRIENDS. YOU SEE, LISTEN, JUST EVEN IN THAT, WE COULD JUST PREACH A FAMILY SERVICE. LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING. GOD DOES NOT GOD DOES NOT JUST HAVE LIVING A VICTORY LIFE WHEN YOU'RE SINGLE. &gt;&gt; BUT GOD'S CALLED YOU EVEN IN YOUR SINGLENESS TO MAKE READY FOR WHEN THAT MOMENT COMES IN MARRIAGE. AND THEN EVEN IN MARRIAGE, GOD IS PREPARING YOUR LIFE ALL ALONG BECAUSE IT ALL IS CHRIST BEING EXPRESSED. YES. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; WOW. &gt;&gt; IT'S GOD WORKING. &gt;&gt; There's understandings that I have about God's word that not just since I got married, but even as I've continued on, there's understanding that I have &gt;&gt; since I've had not only the children, but continuing to work with them, &gt;&gt; continuing. &gt;&gt; It's an understanding. And you see, you see within it, God is working through all of those areas and all of those channels. It's not let me hurry up and get this out of the way so I can get on and serve God. We are serving God &gt;&gt; when I'm sitting down with my children. I'm serving God. &gt;&gt; I'm serving God just as much as when I'm sitting in front of my computer or I'm listening to a message. I'm serving God. Now, if my serving my children crowds out the other things, then I've got the wrong balance. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? Because I really can't serve them unless God's got first priority. Because who's the source of influence? Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ, not follow me as I follow me." &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; SO, YOU SEE, CHRIST MUST BE THE SOURCE OF INFLUENCE. &gt;&gt; AMEN. So now we find that in in in in in in the time even that where we are at even in this moment. I just want to refer to a few places in scripture where Paul picks up in Timothy of the condition that would exist where where where individuals lives would have a form of godliness &gt;&gt; but deny the power. In other words, they want all of this. They want the resemblance. They want the intellect. They want the knowledge, &gt;&gt; but they don't want the life. &gt;&gt; It's a form of godliness. So when you have a form of godliness, you can have on the outside even things that look exactly right, but on the inside it's empty. &gt;&gt; It's a dark cavern, a deep place THAT'S WHAT DOING WHAT? IT'S CRYING OUT. LIKE LOOK, THE PROPHET PICKS THIS UP AND THE LADY WILL SEE AN age and he says in this age that promises such success and yet he say yet he says we're living in the age THAT IS MORE NEUROTIC &gt;&gt; THAN ANY OTHER AGE. &gt;&gt; AN AGE HE SAID WHERE PEOPLE take a pill TO GO TO BED AND A PILL TO GET UP. &gt;&gt; AN AGE THAT'S PROMISED SUCH SUCCESS. HE SAID AND YET LIVES ARE FILLED WITH DARKNESS. &gt;&gt; IT'S A CRY. YOU KNOW WHAT THE CRY IS FOR? LEADERSHIP. &gt;&gt; THAT'S WHY THE PROPHET SAID IN THE MESSAGE SHALOM AS WELL AS COME FOLLOW ME TO THE GRADUATES. HE SAID LOOK YOU YOUNG PEOPLE. HE SAID YOU'RE PRIVILEGED TO BE RAISED AND TAUGHT IN THE HOME THAT YOU'RE IN. &gt;&gt; HE SAID SOME OF THESE OTHER YOUNG PEOPLE, HE SAID THEY THEY ARE THEY ARE YOUNG PEOPLE JUST LIKE YOU. HE SAID AND YET THEY'RE OUT DOING THE THINGS THEY'RE DOING. HE SAID BECAUSE THEY'VE NOT BEEN TAUGHT ANY DIFFERENT. HE SAID YOU HAVE TO WATCH WHO THE LEADER IS AND WHAT THE LEADER IS TELLING THEM. HE SAID THE EVEN WHERE THE WORLD BECOMES A MIXTURE IN THE CHURCH. &gt;&gt; HOW CAN THE WORLD GET IN THE CHURCH WHEN THE HOLY GHOST IS NO LONGER THERE AND THE WORD IS NOT PREACHED? THEN IT INVITES THE DARKNESS OF DEVILS TO COME IN. &gt;&gt; THAT'S WHY IN OUR HOMES, THAT'S WHY THE TOKEN HAS GOT TO BE APPLIED. THE TOKEN MUST BE ON DISPLAY IN OUR LIVES PERSONALLY. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; OH, HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE IF NOT, IT COULD BECOME WE CAN HAVE all the right things. You can have the right pictures. You can have the right sayings, &gt;&gt; RIGHT? &gt;&gt; YOU CAN QUOTE THE RIGHT THINGS. &gt;&gt; Come on, friends. &gt;&gt; BUT YOU'VE GOT IT'S GOT TO BE LIFE ON THE INSIDE. That's right. &gt;&gt; And every one of us, YOU KNOW, YOU CAN TELL YOU'VE BEEN AROUND PEOPLE THAT are miserable. &gt;&gt; I'm not talking about how they look right here. They can have a they can have a smile that's bigger than Bozo THE CLOWN, &gt;&gt; BUT INSIDE they're miserable. &gt;&gt; YOU KNOW WHY? IT'S A CALL FOR LIFE. &gt;&gt; God spoke of this in his word in first in 1 Thessalonians chapter 2. Even this is one other place. The mystery of iniquity does already work. What's iniquity? It's knowing what is right &gt;&gt; but refusing to do it. Remember how brother Brown tells us and how can overcome remember the place remember he walked over that log that was laying in the water &gt;&gt; he jumped on it and a chunk of it fell off and he says that's the problem with Christians they've been laying in sin so long till they become dirty things just fall off chips just things just fall off it because you see that tree that tree weren't made to lay in the water the tree was made to be planted &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; are you with me now this is why brother Bram says in token and how can overcome. He says just to be around it is to make yourself worse. I want let me just touch that a little bit to be around it. I thought we want I thought we want to be around life. We got to be around the source of life. But it depends on your attitude towards the source of life. &gt;&gt; If your attitude towards the source of life becomes dismissive, then it's really destructive. It depends on how we look at it there. Well, you know, that's not really that important. and that's just not really, you know, I, you know, I I just think that's a little bit overboard. I think that's a little extreme. Or I I think this and it becomes TO WHERE WE KNOW OR IT CAN BE WE KNOW WHAT'S RIGHT AND GOD, I'M REALLY GOING TO DO IT. I I'M REALLY GOING TO TRY. BUT LISTEN, WHAT GOD'S WANTING IS A SURRENDER, not human efforts. &gt;&gt; It's surrender. That's what that's all that God asks for is Lord, I surrender. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I submit Lord &gt;&gt; I submit. This is why the scripture says, "And because they would not receive the love of the truth that they might be saved." What's the what's the love of the truth? It's the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's God tabernacling inside of you. &gt;&gt; Now, the scriptures in between there. What would give them even an inclination to resist it? Because of signs and wonders. That's what that passage is. Even in between where people have resisted, what God wants to do is dwell on the inside. &gt;&gt; That's the whole purpose is to tabernacle &gt;&gt; inside of man. God just doesn't want to anoint our flesh, anoint our spirit to where we can many exploits. That's not that's not the objective. God wants to live inside of our life. And that's the greatest exploit is when he takes a life and changes that life from death unto life. He changes the very desire. He changes the very nature of THAT LIFE AND THAT LIFE BECOMES A DISPLAY of the glory of God. &gt;&gt; Paul would go on and speak about it in Hebrews 10 on how that you know they they received the you know will sinning willfully after receiving the knowledge of the truth because it just really become dismissive. The knowledge of the truth is become is to become face to face with it but it's a knowledge of it. &gt;&gt; Right. And like the man who was gathering sticks in the time of the Sabbath there in the book of Numbers, that man knew that it was wrong to do what he was doing. You could read this, I think it's numbers 15, 16, 17. The man knew, he knew what was wrong. He went ahead and did it anyhow. And when he went ahead and did it anyhow, they put him in stocks and said, "What should we do to him?" Moses said, "Let's wait on God." &gt;&gt; What happened is that man was stoned because he knew better than what he was doing. YES, &gt;&gt; HE HAD KNOWLEDGE OF IT. &gt;&gt; THAT THAT'S WRONG. YOU SEE, THIS IS WHERE IT COMES IN to where even when we have knowledge OF THINGS AND SAY, "GOD, REVEAL IT TO ME, LORD. Reveal it to me, Lord Jesus." &gt;&gt; Amen. God, &gt;&gt; because remember the prophet said many, he said, "Those that will be crying for the rocks to fall on them." That's what he said in the sixth seal. Those that will be crying for rocks to fall on them will be many that sat in these meetings and had heard the word preached to them. &gt;&gt; It's very important. I'm not trying to scare you. I'm I'm just delivering a word to understand the divine revelation how important revelation is. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE KNOWLEDGE will never put life into you. &gt;&gt; KNOWLEDGE CAN MAKE YOU A GOOD DEBATER. RIGHT? &gt;&gt; IT CAN MAKE YOU A GOOD OUTSIDE MESSAGE. BUT THE MESSAGE IS NOT AN OUTSIDE CONFORMITY. IT'S THE POWER OF TRANSFORMATION THAT MAKES YOU A SWEET, TENDER, FLEXIBLE BELIEVER WITH CHRIST EXPRESSING HIMSELF THROUGH YOUR LIFE. &gt;&gt; That's what this Holy Ghost does. &gt;&gt; This is where they came. Remember, even in the days of the Lord Jesus where they came to a place and they said, "We're not have this man reign over us. We do not we don't want him reigning over us. That's that's how that that with within it even how the church world came and they can COME TO A CERTAIN place that even brother Bram says they appreciate the Holy Ghost but they don't WANT HIM REIGNING. &gt;&gt; THEY DON'T WANT him reigning IN THEIR LIVES. &gt;&gt; THEY DON'T WANT HIM CHANGING THE THINGS within their lives &gt;&gt; BECAUSE MAN IS BUILT to worship. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he's going to worship something. &gt;&gt; He'll worship his job, may worship his wife, may worship may she may worship her husband, WORSHIP CHILDREN. WHERE MAN IS BUILT TO WORSHIP. &gt;&gt; EVEN THE ATHEIST IS A WORSHSHIPER. &gt;&gt; HE WORSHIPS HIS OWN THEORIES. &gt;&gt; YOU SAY WORSHIP? YEAH. HE GIVES HIMSELF TO HIM. &gt;&gt; YES. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; MAN IS BUILT TO WORSHIP. AND THIS IS WHY THAT SATAN, HE KNOWS THAT. &gt;&gt; AND SATAN IS ALWAYS IF HE CAN JUST GET SOMETHING A LITTLE OFF TRACK. &gt;&gt; THAT'S ALL HE WANTS TO DO. GET IT A LITTLE OFF TRACK AND THEN HE GETS HEADED TOWARDS THE WRONG WAY. SO THIS IS WHY WHEN JESUS SAID, "I AM THE WAY, THE TRUTH, AND THE LIFE." IT'S VERY, VERY IMPORTANT TO SAY, "GOD, AS YOU TOLD DAVID YOU WOULD REVEAL UNTO ME THE PATH OF LIFE, THEN LORD, THAT'S A PROMISE for me." &gt;&gt; Amen. Now just listen to this just for a little bit. &gt;&gt; It's out of God's wrap gift. Brother Bram says now the reason they don't want to accept this wrap package, they know what's on the inside of it. Key is they know and they don't want it. That's the reasons in the church and people today and the governments in the land will not receive God's Christmas present is because they know what's in it. They don't want it. It'll make women act different. It'll make men act different. You'll have to bear the name of a fanatic. You'll have to take the way with the Lord's despised few. You'll have to clean up your life. You'll have to quit your meanness. You'll have to stop your doing wrong, cheating, stealing, lying, committing adultery. You'll have to STOP ALL THESE THINGS. And the people don't want it. Although they may know it's right, &gt;&gt; but they don't want it because it brings too much truth to them. &gt;&gt; Because the light exposes. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. That's right. &gt;&gt; IT UNCOVERS THEIR SIN. They don't want it. THEY DON'T WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH IT. They keep AWAY FROM IT. AND THAT'S THE WAY IT IS TODAY. THEY KNOW WHAT WAS WRAPPED in it. And that's why they set away with it. They don't want it. Same thing today. They don't want the Holy Ghost today is because they know what's wrapped in it. They can watch a person receive the Holy Ghost and stand out there and see that woman maybe as low as she could be till even the dogs will hardly look at her and see that woman come up from the altar, a new person to see that woman clean up her life and get out and act like a lady. See the one that runs to bridge parties, smoke four or five packs of cigarettes a day, hang around the saloons like a regular barfly. And they know if they ever accept this gift of God, it's wrapped in the package called Jesus Christ. It'll spoil every bit of their worldly funds cuz he won't stand for it. &gt;&gt; It does something to them. It changes people. But people don't want to be changed. &gt;&gt; They know that's not revelation. They know. &gt;&gt; You see, just knowing that life still on the inside, the love for the world &gt;&gt; is still there. It's not to a place of dying out because there's got to be a dying out &gt;&gt; before he'll come. &gt;&gt; There's got to be a dying out. Sometimes that dying, it's a slow process sometimes, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's a slow process. But the thing of it is is that our prayer is is God, may it be that that's leading to death that new life might come. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. So now, like brother Bram, he goes into that like with Legion. And he said, "You know those people down in Gadra, they wanted to be left alone. They told Jesus, "Get out of here." &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; You know what THEY WANT? BROTHER RAM said they were more comfortable with devils. &gt;&gt; AND THAT'S THE THING. SOMETIMES INDIVIDUALS HAVE BECOME COMFORTABLE WITH DEVILS. &gt;&gt; I'M TALKING ABOUT DEVILS THAT HAVE TORMENTED FAMILIES. AND IT'S BEEN LIKE CYCLES THAT CAN RUN IN A FAMILY. IT'LL KEEP IT IN PLACE. LET IT GO OUT HERE AND ALL OF A SUDDEN, BOOM, right back in the same thing. let it go out here and boom, RIGHT BACK IN THE SAME THING. IT IS A DEVIL, NOT THE INDIVIDUAL, NOT THE FAMILY, BUT TO UNDERSTAND THERE'S GOT TO BE ONE WHO'S STRONGER THAN THAT SPIRIT TO CAST THAT SPIRIT OUT. &gt;&gt; THAT'S WHY BROTHER RAM SAYS THE MAN THAT WANTS TO GET SAVED, HE'LL COME TO THE ALTAR AND HE SAID, AND THEN HE'LL BE BACK THERE THE SAME THE SAME THING AGAIN TOMORROW NIGHT. HE SAID, "WHAT IT IS, IT'S A SPIRIT KEEPING THAT PERSON FROM ACCEPTING WHAT GOD HAS ALREADY DONE FOR HIM." &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; AND THE PREACHING OF THE GOSPEL IS TO CHALLENGE THAT DEVIL. &gt;&gt; DON'T YOU SEE WHY the devil wants to keep you from the house of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on now. HE CAN LET YOU STREAM AT HOME AND YOU GET A YOU GET A NOTION TO GO GET YOUR SWEET TEA, SAT DOWN IN THE CHAIR. I KNOW GOD CAN REACH RIGHT WHERE PEOPLE ARE AT. I BELIEVE IN THAT. BUT LISTEN, FRIENDS, THE BIBLE SAID, "DON'T FORSAKE TO ASSEMBLE OURSELVES TOGETHER." IT'S VERY IMPORTANT AS WE COME IN HERE THAT WE'RE NOT JUST HERE JUST FOR OURSELVES. WE'RE HERE TO CREATE AN ATMOSPHERE. WHEN WE COME TO THE HOUSE OF GOD, THIS IS WAR. THIS IS WAR. THIS IS WHERE DEVILS ARE CONFRONTED IN THE LIVES OF PEOPLE. &gt;&gt; DEVILS ARE PUT ON NOTICE. YOU CAN'T HAVE THEM. THEY'RE A SON AND DAUGHTER OF GOD. DEVILS ARE CAST OUT BY THE PREACHING OF THE WORD. DEVILS ARE CAST OUT BY THE LAYING ON OF HANDS. &gt;&gt; It's spiritual warfare. &gt;&gt; YOU CAN HAVE YOUR THOUGHTS CHANGED TODAY AND THEY'LL BE RIGHT BACK WHERE THEY ARE TOMORROW. IT'S MORE THAN CHANGING YOUR THOUGHT. THE HOLY GHOST IS NOT A GOOD THOUGHT AND THE DEVIL A BAD THOUGHT. THEY ARE REAL. &gt;&gt; LEGION, he wanted help. &gt;&gt; And that one I like how brother Ram said it. One soul cried out and Jesus crossed the sea to get to him. &gt;&gt; I tell you right HERE THIS MORNING, ONE CALL, GOD WILL CROSS WHATEVER'S in the way. &gt;&gt; IT MIGHT BE A LOT OF COMPLEXITIES OF LIFE, BUT THERE IS NOTHING THAT WILL KEEP BACK GOD FROM COMING TO ONE OF HIS CHILDREN TO SAY, "LORD, I NEED HELP. LORD, &gt;&gt; the Bible says in John in John 14:17, even the spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but you know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. Brother Ram will always take will take that scripture because the world cannot receive because it seeth him not. &gt;&gt; Who do men say that I am? Good teaching subject to be lived by. The world cannot see him. &gt;&gt; And brother Bram will take that in the message the comforter and says as long as you love the world, in other words, a person is content right where they're at. They're they're content. They love the world and they're content. You have to get to a place to where you're sick of it. &gt;&gt; That's the only thing. And you know what? God knows how to bring a life to that place. &gt;&gt; That's why I pray for him many times. Take peace from them, GOD. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. GOD, REVEAL YOURSELF, LORD. JUST LET GET THEM TO A PLACE THAT WHERE ALL THEY CAN DO IS LOOK UP AND SEE YOU, BROTHER SAMUEL. YOU OUGHT NOT PRAY THAT WAY. I'M PRAYING FOR A SOUL, NOT FOR NATURAL PROSPERITY. I'M HERE TO MINISTER FOR SOULS AND LIVES AND TO KNOW WHAT GOD DID FOR ME. HE'S NO RESPECTOR OF PERSON. HE'LL DO FOR YOU JUST THE SAME. &gt;&gt; BUT SOMETIMES GOD'S GOT TO GET THAT SEED TO ROT AND BREAK DOWN. BUT IN ORDER FOR the seed to rot, it's got to be in the right water. Right. &gt;&gt; When we put seeds, I could have them in packets when I was in the classroom. But as soon as I took those seeds, I could take them in a wet paper towel and I soaked that paper towel and I put them seeds inside of that wet paper towel. I could come back within two days, the seeds had already started to sprout. You know why? Because the water had been trapped around that seed and it broke that old seed coat away. AND WHEN THAT SEED COAT GOT BROKE AWAY, WHAT WAS INSIDE THAT little kidney bean, a germ that was on the inside, it began to poke ITSELF OUT. THIS IS WHY THE HOLY SPIRIT moving right around in THE SERVICE AND PRAYING, "OH GOD, LET THE SPIRIT OF GOD, LET IT SO TOUCH THEIR LIVES AND LET THE WORD OF GOD, LORD, DON'T LET THEM WHEN THEY LEAVE OUT OF HERE, MAY IT JUST VISIT THEM ON THEIR PILLOW, LORD GOD, MAY IT BE WAVE AFTER WAVE, LORD GOD, BRING SUCH CONVICTION TO THEIR HEARTS AND THEIR LIVES UNTIL IT'S A COMPLETE surrender and submission." &gt;&gt; Amen. Or would you rather have a kind old priest, &gt;&gt; somebody pat you on the back? I'm not talking about BEING HARD. I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT BEING MEAN. BUT THE GOSPEL IS IS STRAIGHT, FRIENDS. WE'RE NOT HERE PLAYING GAMES. &gt;&gt; OUR SOUL IS AT STAKE. THERE'S THINGS THAT EVEN AS PARENTS THAT HAVE CHILDREN THAT YOU'VE GOT TO COME TO A PLACE AND SAY, "MY KIDS ARE NOT GOING TO GO THE SAME WAY I WENT." &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; THEY DON'T HAVE TO GO OUT INTO EGYPT. &gt;&gt; NO, SIR. IF WE COME OUT OF EGYPT, OUR KIDS DON'T HAVE TO GO BACK DOWN TO EGYPT. &gt;&gt; COME ON, FRIENDS. IT'S SAY, "GOD, LET IT BE SO REAL. LET JOSHUA BE SO REAL IN MY LIFE, LORD." AMEN. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE LET ME tell you, just to be raised in a good message home, it's going to take more than that. &gt;&gt; But that is a real powerful thing. &gt;&gt; And when I'm talking about being raised in a message home, I'm not I'm not talking about we're just as reciting things and it's just dry dead religion. &gt;&gt; I'M TALKING ABOUT A LIFE THAT'S LIVED &gt;&gt; WHERE THERE'S A LIFE THERE'S NO TELLING. THERE'S NO QUESTION WHO MOM AND DADDY have first in their life. &gt;&gt; Even when you're offended at church, who you got first in your life, &gt;&gt; it'll come out. &gt;&gt; It'll come out. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; See, this is why that revelation, it will it will supersede. It will overpower. It will overthrow because you know why that revelation is not something that is of man, but it comes straight from the throne of God. So you know when we think of this you know the reason they don't want the Holy Ghost they see it now that quote I just read to you brother says they see it they see what it does &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; but they say I don't want that I don't want to change my associates I don't want I don't want to stop that &gt;&gt; I don't want to lay that down I don't want I don't want to quit that what it is listen now this is very important and this is even how that you go about and you pray even for your loved ones. It's because they have their own thoughts on what the Holy Ghost is. &gt;&gt; They're thinking that the Holy Ghost is another person coming in and living with the person that's already there. God don't cohabitate. &gt;&gt; That'd be miserable. Can you imagine somebody coming in your house, Brother Carlos, and they don't like what you like on Mondays and Tuesdays? They don't like their bisay with fries. They tell Sister Irma, I like my bisay with potatoes. I like them mashed. &gt;&gt; I think right now you'd be showing them the door. I know you well enough. You'd be telling Show them the door. This is my house. &gt;&gt; See, that's Listen to me. Until that first nature, until it gets to that place where a person is absolutely tired of it, that's how they look at the Holy Ghost. I don't want nothing coming into my house and telling me what I can do. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; They know what the Holy Ghost is, but it's not been revealed. Because when it's revealed, you see him to be full of glory, &gt;&gt; peace, your satisfaction. You find him to be all THAT YOU EVER EVER LONG FOR. HE'S EVERYTHING. &gt;&gt; HE'S BEYOND WHAT YOU COULD EVER IMAGINE. &gt;&gt; YOU SAY, "BROTHER SAM, HOW CAN YOU SAY THAT?" BECAUSE THAT WAS ONCE ME. THAT'S WHAT ONE'S EYE IS SITTING IN A MESSAGE VIEW. THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT IT was &gt;&gt; because until God reveals it to you. &gt;&gt; You think it's just about it's it basically it's just religion. It's what you can do and how you can live and you look kind of get to look at it like I can't live this. And you know what? Nobody can live it. That's why it takes that's why it takes to present ourselves IN OUR RIGHT MIND BEFORE THE LIVING GOD AND SAY GOD I SURRENDER. AND THEN HE COMES AND TAKES CONTROL AND THEN HE LIVES HIS OWN LIFE THROUGH you and me. &gt;&gt; That's true. &gt;&gt; And this is why that you know it has to come to that place of because Satan will try to anoint that first nature. &gt;&gt; He'll try to do that. You know even when God is leading a life down a pathway of surrender, he'll come and try to anoint that first. What are your friends going to say? &gt;&gt; What are your associates? How you going to explain this? Right? &gt;&gt; If I'm not mistaken, you already made some professions like this before, but you've backtracked. &gt;&gt; What are you going to do now? &gt;&gt; You know, they're going to laugh at you. They're going to laugh at you anyhow. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; I'm not trying to reason you into it, but I'm just trying TO SAY IN HELL, HELL THERE IS NO FRIENDS. &gt;&gt; THE BIBLE TELLS US IN THE BOOK OF JOB, HELL IS NAKED. &gt;&gt; There is no covering. There is no escape. AND THERE ARE NO BUDDIES. THERE are no friends. THERE ARE NO HANGOUTS. There are no associations. It's Lord Jesus. How did I get here? &gt;&gt; Let's say I don't think we need to preach about hell. I think I think we do cuz hell's a real place. &gt;&gt; The prophet took me multiple messages souls in prison. NOW YOU LISTEN, YOU'RE NOT going to scare the bride into position. &gt;&gt; But let me just TELL YOU, JUST AS MUCH AS HEAVEN IS A REAL PLACE, HELL IS A REAL PLACE. &gt;&gt; Are you WITH ME? IT'S ANOTHER DIMENSION. IT'S A REAL PLACE. &gt;&gt; THE PROPHET SAID HE HE SAID, "I BELIEVE YOU." SAID, "I'VE BEEN in both." &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; And then he saw the influences of what he saw in hell walk off of that escalator in in JC Penney. &gt;&gt; And one of the things he saw, he saw those women painted up down there and he saw them come right out of that escalator. He said, "Oh, dear God, I'm back in hell again." &gt;&gt; It was what was there. &gt;&gt; It was what was there. &gt;&gt; Now listen now. Think about this. Tell them I said hello whoever that is. &gt;&gt; I want you to want to think about this. You know when they when they've rejected God, when you reject right, you have to take wrong. When they refuse the Holy Ghost, they refuse God's program, they refuse everything. And let me just say it like this. I'm friends. I'm I'll just I'll stay with this. I'll stay with I'll give you a quote. Brother Bram said, "Everything that helps is of God." &gt;&gt; Right. But I'm going to say this THAT BECAUSE of the church world and where they have got to of self-help &gt;&gt; and have this GROUP WE'RE GOING TO TEACH we're going to teach men on how to do this and how to over YOU'RE NEVER SELFHELP WILL NEVER DO IT. &gt;&gt; NOW LISTEN THERE'S CERTAIN THINGS THAT CAN BE POINTED OUT THAT ARE TRUTHS IN GOD'S WORD. &gt;&gt; All right. THERE'S A LOT OF THINGS THAT CAN BE POINTED OUT FROM THE BOOK OF PROVERBS AND GOING ALL THE WAY DOWN. BUT IT MUST BE BY THE HOLY GHOST IN our life. &gt;&gt; IT IS NOT GOING TO BE MIND OVER MATTER BECAUSE THE NEW BIRTH IS NOT MIND OVER MATTER. THE PROPHET TELLS US THAT NEW BIRTH IT IS NOT SCHOOLED INTO YOU, TAUGHT INTO YOU, DRILLED INTO YOU. IT IS A SOVEREIGN WORK OF THE Holy Spirit between you and God. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the truth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, it's not knowing well I I I know enough of the message. I know enough. You know, sometimes that's what's happened is people have become filled with knowledge. You can't tell them nothing. You can't lead them. They can't they they won't they they'll shut down God's voice. &gt;&gt; You know why? They've taken their knowledge and their understanding of quotes and scriptures and they are their own shepherds. &gt;&gt; When you reject the the voice of God, you're going to give heed to some voice. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; This is this is this ISN'T ABOUT THIS AIN'T ABOUT BROTHER SAMUEL. IT'S ABOUT GOD. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; IT'S ABOUT GOD. YOU YOU'RE GOING TO FOLLOW SOMEBODY. &gt;&gt; You're going to follow somebody. Now, I want YOU TO THINK ABOUT THIS. THIS IS WHY LIKE BROTHER BRANDON SAYS MANY many are still claiming to be Pentecostal because they belong to a Pentecostal church. And brother BRANDON SAYS THAT DON'T make no more a s a horse than to live in a barn. Don't you appreciate those real simple vernaculars? &gt;&gt; I mean, you know, now I know I know in today's culture, you know, if you live in a barn, well, you feel like you're a chicken, you'll go live in a barn. &gt;&gt; You know, what are you today? I don't know. You know, like I heard one brother kind of cutting around. And he said they were offering the women to get on the plane first. So I just said today I feel like a woman. He was just messing around. But you know you know the whole thing about it is is that being just being somewhere don't make you what you are. &gt;&gt; And this is why that even within this that he says no more it don't make a Christian belonging to this church or that church. HE'S STILL A SINNER UNTIL he's converted. And when HE'S CONVERTED, HE'S BORN AGAIN AND CHANGED OVER AND THE HOLY Ghost has come in and made him a new creation. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; You understand? THIS IS WHY JUST BEING AROUND THE MESSAGE IS NOT ENOUGH. &gt;&gt; I KNOW WE SAY, "OH, BROTHER SAMUEL, THAT'S SIMPLE. WE KNOW THAT." BUT I REALLY wonder I LOOK AT THINGS EVEN AS I, YOU KNOW, UH, EXAMINE THAT IT CAN BECOME SOMETHING WHERE THE WE'RE WE'RE NOT IN THE FIRST GENERATION OF THE MESSAGE. &gt;&gt; AMEN. WE'RE IN NOW SECOND, THIRD, WE'RE ON DOWN &gt;&gt; INTO A SECOND GENERATION WHERE IT IS WHERE IT IS IT CAN BECOME VERY MUCH SO JUST VIEWED AND LOOKED AT AS A AS A AS AS A WHOLE BANK OF truths &gt;&gt; that we pledge allegiance to. &gt;&gt; IT'S NOT THAT &gt;&gt; THE AMISH HAVE THAT. &gt;&gt; MUSLIMS HAVE THAT. IT MAY NOT BE THE TRUTH, BUT THEY HAVE A A BANK OR A A WHOLE GROUPING OF THINGS THAT THEY HOLD TO. THAT'S NOT WHAT THIS MESSAGE CAME TO PRODUCE. &gt;&gt; THIS MESSAGE CAME TO REVEAL CHRIST AND PUT CHRIST INSIDE OF YOU. &gt;&gt; YOU MAY NOT EVEN BE ABLE TO PUT TWO AND TWO TOGETHER, BUT Christ in you has put you in the word together. &gt;&gt; And it's Christ revealing himself in you in humility, in simplicity. It's you Christ living his own life through your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because remember Peter, he couldn't even read his name on a box car. &gt;&gt; He couldn't. &gt;&gt; But he knew God. &gt;&gt; Is that right? So divine revelation becoming that very source of life. When that's revealed to you, listen now. When something's revealed to you, that's where you begin to investigate it. &gt;&gt; That's where you can really look into it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And then that's where you start to embrace it &gt;&gt; when it's been revealed. Not what we know, &gt;&gt; but when it's been revealed. It's kind of like when you think about it, like right up here, if I if I were to ask someone and ask you, I have something in my coat pocket right here. What do I have in my coat pocket? In my suit pocket. What do I have in here? Any thoughts? What' you say? Phone. Do you know that for sure? Nope. Could be. Anybody else? Oh, this is different, brother Samuel. That's all right. &gt;&gt; Say it again. &gt;&gt; Handkerchief. Well, it's close. That's where a lot of times when I carry it. &gt;&gt; Cough drops. Pretty close. &gt;&gt; Do you know that for sure? fisherman's friends. &gt;&gt; Now it's not a guess. &gt;&gt; Now you know I can put it back in here. And when I put it back in there and I ask you what's in here, &gt;&gt; fisherman's friends, right? &gt;&gt; You know why? Cuz it's been revealed. &gt;&gt; WHEN IT'S REVEALED, YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE ASKING FOR. &gt;&gt; YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE SEEKING FOR. IT'S BEEN REVEALED. THAT'S WHY REVELATION IS SO IMPORTANT. THAT'S WHY THAT MANY CAN JUST LOOK, LET'S JUST COME INTO CHURCH AND I'M GOING TO TRY TO BE A CHURCH AND I'M GOING TO TRY TO BE A GOOD PERSON AND AND IT'S NOT THAT. &gt;&gt; IT'S NOT BEING A GOOD PERSON. IT'S OH GOD, REVEAL YOURSELF, LORD. &gt;&gt; It's not just a good bank of truth. It's not just a GOOD COLLECTION OF SERMONS. NO, REVEAL, LORD, WHO YOU ARE. Because once it's revealed, you know what you can do? I'll take one of them cough drops. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; You know what you're asking for. And you know what? When you ask, you got faith. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Nobody has to pump you UP AND SAY, "COME ON, let's get it going just right. We're going to get it run. WE'RE GOING TO GET MOVING JUST RIGHT." SO YOU CAN ASK when it's revealed. You could walk right up here and say, "I'll take one of them cough drops." You know why? Cuz I got a need on my throat. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; RIGHT. AND THAT'S WHAT IT IS. THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN KNOWLEDGE AND REVELATION. KNOWLEDGE, YOU DON'T REALLY SEE WHAT'S THERE. &gt;&gt; AND WHEN YOU DO, YOU REALLY DON'T, I DON'T WANT THAT. BUT WHEN IT'S REVELATION, YOU SEE WHAT IT IS. &gt;&gt; AND WHEN YOU SEE THAT BY REVELATION, YOU SAY, THAT'S WHAT I WANT. &gt;&gt; BE CAREFUL. IT'LL CHANGE YOUR LIFE. THAT'S WHAT I WANT. &gt;&gt; BE CAREFUL. IT'LL REARRANGE YOUR WARDROBE. IT'LL CHANGE YOUR FRIENDS. THAT'S WHAT I WANT. &gt;&gt; IT'LL MAKE YOU A LIVING WITNESS. THAT'S WHAT I WANT. &gt;&gt; I don't want to be A CHURCH MEMBER. I DON'T WANT TO BE KNOWN JUST AS, "OH, YOU'RE A MESSAGE BELIEVER." NO, I WANT TO BE KNOWN AS A MESSAGE BELIEVER that's full of the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; A CHRISTIAN, A BELIEVER. WHAT GREATER compliment could we have? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's when we see beyond knowledge. &gt;&gt; You never look at fisherman's friends the same way, will you? Can I have just a few more moments? &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; the only way, this is out of God's wrapped gift. The only way anybody in the world will ever know what's in that package, it has to be revealed to you. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; This the same message where Brother Ram says, he's just talking, I just quoted to you where he says, "They know what's in it. They know what's in it. They know what it'll make them do. They don't want that truth in their life that'll call everything out. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But he says ever, the only way you ever know what's really in it, it's got to be revealed to you. &gt;&gt; You'll turn it down. You'll say it's fanaticism. But when you get the revelation, you'll seek for it. &gt;&gt; You'll open up and God will come in and suck with you and you with him when you're ready to open the door and let him in. You mean God's not showing up with a SWAT team? Nope. The Holy Ghost is not a SWAT team. &gt;&gt; Oh, amen. Right? &gt;&gt; Nope. &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost is not somebody coming down to beat down the door. Nope. That's not what the Holy Ghost is. The Holy Ghost, what it is, is meldting our will down. And you know what? God knows just how to get every life into a place to say, "I'm tired of this." &gt;&gt; And you know what? Even after the new birth has come, he still works in our life that way to bring things to light in our life and say, "Lord, I don't want to be what I'm seeing in the mirror no more. I want to see, Lord, I I want to see you in that area of my life. And he says, "That's just what I was wanting for you to say." And Lord, I I'm not HERE TO MAKE EXCUSES ABOUT IT. I'M JUST HERE TO SURRENDER MY WEAKNESS, LORD. COME PULL YOURSELF IN THROUGH THAT CHANNEL, LORD, AND REFLECT YOURSELF. It never stops surrendering. &gt;&gt; Oh, he says, "But one time you open up that heart, you'll never know what it is until it's revealed to you. But when it's revealed to you, then you'll go to hunting for it." &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. You know why? It's become the pearl of great price to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Everything else just gets thrown aside like this don't mean nothing. HANG HANGING ON TO WHY WAS I WHAT WAS I TRYING TO HANG ON TO THIS FOR? WHY WAS I? &gt;&gt; BUT it's when it's revealed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, let me close up on this point here. I actually got two more points, but I want to close on this one. Remember Jesus would lay us in the scripture and he would say whosoever that you receive that I send in my name you've received me &gt;&gt; multiple places in the scripture and he goes on receive a prophet in the name of a prophet receives a prophet's reward. Same same bank of scriptures. So within that, brother Brown tells us in spoken words original seed, he'll take that and he'll say the only way that we can serve God is by receiving the servants that he sends on earth. &gt;&gt; So God makes known his way and God reveals himself even through a messenger of the age and then God will come right through the the ministry that comes under that un under that under that um that that messenger and carrying that same message. But this is what's a very um a real concerning point even within this of when you think about Lot's wife. And when you look at Lot's wife, let me see. I thought I had I thought I had this here. Some of you are just like, "Oh my goodness." I think I thought I had it there. Jesus just says, "Remember Lot's wife." &gt;&gt; Right? And um I was just you know I'm just just meditating and how the Lord will just just bring things to you when as I've just meditating across many of these things and out of the message how can overcome brother Brown takes this with remembering Lot's wife and he speaks of how that Lot and his two daughters he said how they went on he said but his wife she started out and she done all right she left she left Sodom I want you to watch how brother Bram says this. Can I have just a few moments? &gt;&gt; It's very it's very important because well, let's just look at it here. Brother Bram says that's like many of you. You've left these things to take your stand after you searched it through the scriptures and you found out it's right. You've seen the vindication of Almighty God. Not by what somebody said was a vindication, but what the Bible said would be, and here it is, is doing it. You saw it was the truth. You've set out to leave Sodom, leave the denomination, leave the things that bind you to a creed, and to follow Christ by the Holy Spirit vindicating himself by the written word. In other words, you took the Bible instead of the creed you've set out to follow. Well, Lot's wife did the same thing. That's a pretty powerful statement. &gt;&gt; Lot's wife searched even that out and said, "Yep, this is truth. &gt;&gt; She set out to go with Lot, follow her husband, her children, her loved ones." But this is the key. It wasn't in her heart. She still loved the world. It was a knowledge, not a revelation. She searched out. She saw the vindication. She searched it out. Like brother Bam says, "You've taken the Bible, not the creeds." And she started out, but it wasn't in her heart. She still loved the world. It's possible to make a start and still be the world in you. She never overcome. And even though she was well on the road, it finally overthrowed her. And she had to take that one big long last look. And there's where she got caught. Don't even look back. Don't have no desires. Keep going. Put your mind on Calvary and keep moving forward. &gt;&gt; He said she started out as an overcomer, but she never did overcome. &gt;&gt; She couldn't stand the test. He said she had to look back to see what the rest of them was doing. And she's, this is brother Bram going through what she would have been saying. Oh, you know, I had some good friends down there. After all, this might be just a little move. I I don't know whether it could be right or not. I I've only got this man's word for it, though he's my husband. And your prophet said, "Your pastor is your husband spiritually speaking." And he says, she says, "Now, whether it could be right or not, I don't know. Maybe his revelation wasn't right." You see, it's not a revelation to her. &gt;&gt; She doesn't even know. Is his revelation. She doesn't even know. See, she's, you know, because it's not in her heart. She has knowledge, but it's not revelation. &gt;&gt; Because if it's revelation, she would seek after it. &gt;&gt; She would seek her heart already because with with revelation for revelation and that part to come the the the the desires that of the world, it just starts to flee and then God can move in. Notice, brother Bram says, if you're not perfectly satisfied, you're not perfectly know that it's the word of God, then you can't go. You got to really be sold out. You've got to know, not say, "Well, I see others doing it. I see a sign." Israel started out the same way. Two million strong, but ended up with only two men. They saw the works of God, saw the manifestation of the spirit, saw great mighty miracles being down in Egypt and everything. But it wasn't in their heart. They didn't overcome. They just came out and they perished in the wilderness. &gt;&gt; But there was two by the name of Joshua and Caleb. &gt;&gt; And to show that they had more than just a knowledge, but it was a revelation. God said concerning Caleb, he's got a different spirit. Caleb, that revelation is what caused him to look beyond every every bit of odds that was against him and say, "God's with us. &gt;&gt; And if God's with us, who can be against us?" &gt;&gt; That's the power of revelation. That's what revelation will take a heart and that life as God would begin to reveal himself to that life and break away just the desires of the world and they the the love of the world all of that is fleeing that they that it might become a uniting between them and Christ this is why friends within this and I I just say this here just just go ahead and close this is why it's so imperative and so important this revelation it must be in our hearts &gt;&gt; amen Amen. &gt;&gt; When it's in our hearts, it shows where it's at. If it's just in our knowledge, it'll show. &gt;&gt; But if it's in our heart, there's a love affair. It's a love affair with God. It's there there's a relationship. There's a life that's lived that it's not what you're trying to do. It's what Christ is doing through you. It's it's it's where you see the desires of the world. Your nature has been changed and the only desire you have is to please the Lord Jesus &gt;&gt; and you can hear him. You can see him. You can see him in his servants. You can hear his voice. You can hear him. You're recognizing the word because the word is your husband, &gt;&gt; not a man. The word is your husband and you're submitting to that word, being led by that word. This is where divine revelation is so important &gt;&gt; because just to have a knowledge of it where the love of the world is is is still there &gt;&gt; but when it when it's revealed you say brother Samuel what would it take even for that place even to come and how God begins to break forth and reveal is where the person gets to a place and God knows how to bring us to that place is where they're tired of living where they've lived. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; If you're content with where you're at, God's not going to he won't he won't manhandle nobody. But this is how God works to deal with lives to draw you in a love affair. &gt;&gt; Because God don't want you serving him under fear because at least a little bit you get fear lifted out then you you go right back. God don't want you serving out of fear. &gt;&gt; He wants a true a true reverence. And that reverence is is Lord, I love you. I just want to please you, Lord. And it's where you're moving on just like Joshua and Caleb. It's you you just see the word as it's opening right before you. And it also gives you wisdom. Maybe as look sitting right here this morning. It gives wisdom where the prophet would say it like this. He said this is where he says we need to pray for God to give us revelation. &gt;&gt; I would say this just as the prophet echoed this within the message. He said we need to ask God for continuous lifegiving revelation. He said, "Ask God to give us a fresh revelation and then by it become the living word made manifest." So divine revelation, this is our this is our approach to God. This is how we see God. This is how we know God. This is how we come into relationship. It's all by divine revelation. So people could look at the same thing. Abel and Cain looked at the same thing. What made the difference? Revelation. &gt;&gt; It's it told within their offerings. &gt;&gt; And see, that's what that's what that that's what expresses even out of our own lives is Lord, I don't want to just offer something that's just out here. &gt;&gt; But you're calling upon this. &gt;&gt; He's calling on the offering from our lives that our lives would be surrendered. Our lives would be all. And I I just say it in this way as I close. That's something that you can take and you can ask God. Say, "Lord, reveal yourself to me." Maybe you're in a place here this morning. You say, "But Sam, I've never been able to come to that place of surrender." Then what a what a key. How God in his mercy would bring us into those places of a key to where with that we can say, "Lord, reveal yourself to me, Lord. Make yourself known to me, Lord. God, make yourself real, Lord. take everything out of my life that's unlike unlike you. You know what? Say, "Lord, change my desires." Be honest with God. Don't just, "Well, brother Samuel, I still love those things." Be hon. &gt;&gt; Invite God in. &gt;&gt; Like I told the young people over there, I SAID, "INVITE GOD INTO your playlist." &gt;&gt; You got a playlist that YOU'RE ASHAMED OF. INVITE GOD INTO IT. &gt;&gt; INVITE GOD INTO THOSE AREAS OF YOUR life and watch what HE'LL DO. DON'T DON'T BE TOO BIG TO SAY, "GOD, I'VE GOT A PROBLEM. I REALIZE I STILL LOVE THE WORLD. LORD, I NEED YOU, LORD. I NEED YOU TO CHANGE ME. THIS IS A SERIOUS CONDITION, LORD. &gt;&gt; But I know your arm is not too short, Lord. I know you're mindful of me, Lord. Father, I want I I need more than knowledge. I need a revelation, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I need to see you, Lord, so that I can see that in that package." Lord God begin to seek after with all my heart to where the love of the world has fled away. &gt;&gt; Watch what God will do. Begin to invite him. Begin to invite him. You hear what I'm saying? Begin to invite him. There's all, oh, brother Samuel, that this didn't happen in this service. I'm not worried about if something happened in this service or not. There's things that already when one piece of sand is set in motion, it's already a testament that the REST OF THE MOUNTAIN IS ON ITS WAY. IF THOU SHALT SAY UNTO THIS MOUNTAIN, BE PLUCKED UP AND removed and cast in yonder sea, it shall be even as they have said in thine heart. And this revelation is right here in my heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that revelation in my heart is for your your heart, for your life as well, too. Because it's not the revelation of Samuel Browning. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. THE SAME ALMIGHTY GOD THAT changes lives again and again and again. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is why for your loved ones, even in all of our lives, Lord, I mean, what are you doing when you're asking God about Lord, what road do I take? What career do I take? Lord, do I go here or do I go there? You need you pray and ask God, Lord, I need you to speak to me. You know what you're asking God to do? Reveal himself. &gt;&gt; Lord, I I I I need a revelation. I don't want to just go out here and just when I'm out here just, well, I may be so, I could be so. I don't know. I mean, you know, brother so and so told me that I should move here and so I don't want to I'm not going nowhere because brother so and so told me cuz brother so and so is not my Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? This is why that the moves of God that have went on around even doctrines, you hear them? Their founders have gone. I'm talking about even around this truth. Their founders are gone and they gather and play that founders tapes. &gt;&gt; Why? They're lost without direction. That's true. &gt;&gt; But once you've been brought in contact with Jesus Christ, this is why, friends, you've not been united with a man's personality. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You've been united with Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Because Jesus Christ is he that liveth forever and ever. &gt;&gt; This man or anybody else can pass right off the scene. It could be my last service. It could be the last time. But you know what? He will still remain. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And what he started, he'll finish. Yes. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. This is why that our victory, this is why that everything doesn't tie around upon a man. We're not resting on a man. Don't rest on the arm of flesh. &gt;&gt; You don't rest on the arm of flesh. You rest on the living God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon talked to brother Sher. Brother Sher got a kidney condition. He said, "I know brother Brandham and I know brother oral Roberts and I know them and I'm going to have them go pray for me." He had Oral Roberts go pray for him. It went away and came back. He went he went over to he went over to brother Brandham. Brother Brham said, "Brother, brother shared, I can't see nothing wrong in your life. I don't see anything wrong." And you know what? They prayed. They prayed it would lift up and then it would come right back. Finally, brother Sherid was laying on the operating table. And he's laying there. He said, "Lord, you know I love you." And he said, "Such a sweet peace came in that operating room." He said, "The doctors," he said, even when they performed that operate, they said, "What a success and a smoothness." And brother Brand picks it up. He said, "You see what it was?" He said, "Brother Sheret had got his confidence built in who he knew." &gt;&gt; Vessels that God was using, but God don't want you resting on no man. &gt;&gt; This message is not about you and your mama and Jesus. This message is not about you and brother Brandham and Jesus. This message is not about you and BROTHER SAMUEL AND JESUS. THIS MESSAGE IS ABOUT YOU AND JESUS. &gt;&gt; That's who it's about. That's right. &gt;&gt; You don't have to go through nobody. &gt;&gt; You get in him. That's what's important. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. TALKING ABOUT JESUS ON the main line. Tell him what you want. &gt;&gt; Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Amen. I TELL YOU FRIENDS, IF THERE'S ONE THING AT ALL HERE THIS MORNING, THE PROMISE IS SET BEFORE US. SURE. the seriousness of it which I believe God in his grace points us to the realness and the seriousness of it that even even as parents even as others that we can pray and when you listen to me now listen older ones listen to me now even even those that were moved in among younger ones listen don't go around and picking people apart &gt;&gt; well they didn't see this and they didn't see this pray more than you pick &gt;&gt; and pray that God will take that picker away from you. &gt;&gt; Because you WERE IN A MESS, TOO. &gt;&gt; Are you HEARING ME? &gt;&gt; AND WITHOUT GOD'S SOVEREIGN GRACE REVEALING HIMSELF TO YOU, YOU AND I WOULD BE IN THE SAME PLACE. &gt;&gt; I'M NOT HERE BECAUSE I WAS A PASTOR'S SON. &gt;&gt; I'M NOT HERE BECAUSE I HEARD THE PROPHET PLAY THROUGHOUT MY HOME. I'M HERE because of God's grace. &gt;&gt; BECAUSE GOD REVEALED HIMSELF TO ME THAT THIS IS LIFE. AMEN. &gt;&gt; AND GOD BROUGHT ME TO A PLACE TO WHERE I NO LONGER I GOT TIRED OF BEING Samuel Brownie. &gt;&gt; And you know what? I still am. &gt;&gt; He's still my biggest enemy. You know what reveals him to be my biggest enemy? When I get in the presence of my Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; That ought not be strange to you. Esther invited Hmon to a banquet every time. &gt;&gt; Come on over, boy. I'M GOING TO EXPOSE YOU IN THE PRESENCE OF MY HUSBAND. WHERE DO YOU BRING YOUR ENEMY? DAVID SAID, "HE HATH PREPARED FOR ME A TABLE IN THE PRESENCE OF MINE ENEMIES." &gt;&gt; I TELL MY ENEMY, "RAISE YOUR HAND, BOY." &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; MY ENEMY SAYS, "HEY, IT'LL BE ALL RIGHT JUST TO STAY HOME. YOU YOU'LL BE ALL RIGHT THERE." BUT SOME ON THE INSIDE SAID, "NO, SIR. I NEED TO BE PART RIGHT THERE AND UNITE THAT LICK OF FIRE AND PULL ON THE GIFT OF GOD. I NEED TO HEAR FROM GOD." &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; YOU'RE not my boss. I'm yours. &gt;&gt; Some of y'all need to tell yourself that. You need to tell yourself that. You can tell you tell that frown, tell that. You know what? You're not my boss. That's right. &gt;&gt; I'm yours. &gt;&gt; Wow. That's powerful, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Simple. &gt;&gt; I know it's very simple, but you know, that's the whole reality of the gospel. &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful? If I can have the musicians come and that song, &gt;&gt; you didn't have to open my eyes. Right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, you could have easily passed me by. &gt;&gt; He could have passed me by. See, then then we know how to pray. You and I'm not saying we didn't know how to pray before, but sometimes we can become or we almost think repetition is what's going to get it. It ain't repetition, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And a people need to hear, "I need to hear the same thing over and over and over and over and over." It's true that what we hear over and over is a call to the life of God, right? And let God's life live through us. But we need the revelation. &gt;&gt; There's hearts and lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Even lives that maybe they've walked, they've been baptized in the God touch their heart. They need they need a deeper revelation. They need a revelation to know God wants the tabernacle in me. And friends, I I really encourage you just be honest with God. &gt;&gt; I'm going to tell you right now, listen to me. I'm not ashamed of one of you. You could take the vilest person could come in here. I'm not ashamed. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm not interested in this church having a certain look for nobody else. I'm not interested in putting on a show. &gt;&gt; I don't care what anybody else thinks cuz I'm not interested in what anybody else thinks. I want to know what God thinks. &gt;&gt; I'm not trying to make this a place so everybody all pat me on the back. Oh, brother Sam. It ain't about that. I want God to live inside our hearts and lives. &gt;&gt; I want God to have the preeminence. &gt;&gt; So this is why that even that I pray even as I pray. I trust you do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I think you need I think we need to to come to this place. I know sometimes you you may not see Listen to me now. You may not see sometimes the movement that you want to see. Don't start complaining. Give God time. &gt;&gt; Give God time. If you'll take that and really get Listen to me, friends, the power of prayer can never be underestimated. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You've got love. WE'VE GOT LOVED ONES. THERE'S THOSE THAT HAVE SAT RIGHT HERE BACKSLIDERS. I DON'T CARE HOW LONG THEY'VE BEEN OUT. &gt;&gt; RIGHT. &gt;&gt; YES, LORD. &gt;&gt; You've seen God bring individuals that have been away for 20ome years. &gt;&gt; God bring them right back. &gt;&gt; And they're different. They're different. &gt;&gt; God's hand is not too short. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Samuel, what do my children need? What do my loved ones need? You say, "God, make yourself known to him." &gt;&gt; Amen. That's right. &gt;&gt; Get them to a place, Lord, to where the love of the world, it's just it's lost. It's it's lost its hold, lost its its its taste. Anybody know what I'm talking about? I listen, you don't have you didn't even have to be out in the world. Some of you, I realize you never were out there. I say, glory be to God. What a powerful testimony you have &gt;&gt; of not being entrenched in the things that's out there. Don't no don't let the devil try to minimize that. That's a powerful testimony that God has been able to keep you by his grace until he would tabernacle himself in you. What a powerful testimony. But God's got testimonies all around this congregation of what his mercy has done. &gt;&gt; He's got testimonies that can be pointed to and say, "God still delivers." &gt;&gt; Maybe your situation right now, you just like to say, "Lord, I want this situation. I want my life to be a testimony. &gt;&gt; I want my life. I want my situation." Maybe you're home. Lord, I want it to be a testimony. Listen, let me tell you. God will never If he went to Simon's house and he and he was invited, Brother Carlos, he knew he weren't going to be welcomed, but he went there anyway. &gt;&gt; He'll always come where he's invited. But if you invite him, welcome him. &gt;&gt; Say, "Lord, I'm tired of trying to figure this out." Welcome. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord God, you you take control in this tabernacle. You take control, Lord. Even as young people, Lord, you take control. &gt;&gt; I don't want to try to I don't want to try to live what I think the message is about. That's still wondering. &gt;&gt; I want you to live, Lord. &gt;&gt; I want this message to live in me. &gt;&gt; I want Christ to live in me. I don't want to It's It's not up to me to try to figure it out. It's just give myself and you'll live live yourself through me. I believe all throughout this congregation, we can even say here this morning, Lord, live through me, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; I know there's many been serving God for a long time, but you go through different seasons and times of life. And God makes himself known to be the same, but he'll deal with us in that season. And he'll make himself even that much more real. Brother Bram had three pools in his ministry. And every one of them that every transition was not for more of William Brandham. It was actually less of William Brandham &gt;&gt; and more of God. &gt;&gt; And that's the same way it is in the seasons of our life. The transitions God brings us into places where we say, "Lord, we say, Lord, I surrender." There's things that you can see about your life right now that you didn't see a year ago. Right? &gt;&gt; There's things that you can look at now and and you would have never saw it. It wouldn't matter. Yeah. I could have sat down with quotes or what more. Not that I saw it, but I'm just saying. But when God speaks to you, &gt;&gt; see that relationship between you and God, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And he's not interested. He don't he don't put you down, but he's interested in causing you to surrender. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; No wonder the Bible said, "He had brought me to his banqueting table, and his standard over me is love." &gt;&gt; Don't you love him this morning? &gt;&gt; Could we just give him a wave offering? Lord, I love you. I just appreciate you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord God, for your mercies. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Through the year of 2025, thank you for your mercies, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God, grant this to be the year in 2026 of the prodals coming home. LORD, GRANT THIS, LORD, MY SON, MY DAUGHTER. LORD, GRANT IT, LORD, MY CHILDREN. GRANT IT, LORD, IN MY HOME. LORD, GRANT IT, LORD GOD, WITH A HEALING OF DISEASES AND SICKNESSES, Lord God, for you're still the same, Lord God. Grant, Lord, the outpouring of your spirit, hearts and lives, Lord, being changed. Grant, Lord, create in me, Lord. &gt;&gt; Create in me, like the prophet said, what's lacking. Create in me, Lord. &gt;&gt; Make me to hunger. Make me to thirst. Make me more humbler. Grant it, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we say amen. Lord, we say amen. We say amen to your word. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Father, as your prophet has taught us, there's no higher court of appeal than the presence of God when your word has been spoken. Lord Jesus, I pray right now, Lord, through the the simpleness of your word that has been spoke to our hearts, may each and every one of our lives, Lord, we leave out of here even with a a real clear vision before What I'm holding for lives that God will become fully overtaken by the spirit of God tabernacling deity. Your word won't return back to your void. I'm holding, Lord God, for your word to bring healing in homes. I'm holding, Father, for your word to bring deliverance to the captives. I'm holding to your word, Lord God, for the prodals to come home. Granted, Lord God, you know right where they are. You know right where they are. I pray you deal with them right where they're at. Lord, may the remembrance of your presence where they've sat, Lord, in meetings, may it sweep over them right now. Deal with them, Lord, just as you would deal with every heart that's here. And Lord God, any love of the world melted away, would you, Lord? Oh God, I pray Lord God those Lord dealing with different sickness and ailments Lord in their body. Father we take the promise of your word and we hold to that Lord by your stripes we were healed. Oh God grant it. Not only Lord God for afflictions in the body but Father there in the spirit or the mind. Lord I pray father in the name of Jesus Christ may every tormenting spirit dear God may it be broken. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ. Dear God, MAY I PRAY, FATHER, THE hold that the enemy has wanted to put around holds and lives AND FAMILIES. LORD, MAY IT BEGIN TO GIVE WAY, LORD GOD, LIKE THE PHILIPPIAN jail gave way, LORD GOD. MAY EVERY HINDRANCE, EVERY WALL, Lord God, like whether it was holding in Rahab, may it be brought down, Lord, that your children can walk forth with freedom. Help us, Lord. Help us God as we Lord would unite our hearts and our faith together to pray knowing it's revelation. It must be revealed. Help us to be Lord not a hindrance but a channel. We know Lord that we can't give somebody else a revelation. But oh God, help us to be the right kind of display. Help us to be like your prophet would talk about that man who was a outside of that bar. And that little boy ran in and got that owner and said, "Hey, your sign's down." He said, "My sign?" He ran outside and looked up and said, "My sign ain't down. It's right up there on the building." He said, "No, I'm talking about your best sign." And he pointed to that drunk that was laying on the road. &gt;&gt; He said, "That's the best sign you've got of what you got in there." &gt;&gt; Oh God, may our lives be the best sign. &gt;&gt; Not that we in ourselves are better than anybody. That's not it at all. But may our lives be the real sign &gt;&gt; of what this is all about, Lord. May our lives be the display of Jesus Christ. Help us, fathers, mothers, husbands, wives, children, young people. Lord God, I pray Lord for the young people, Lord, that gathered here. Lord God, I pray, Father, realizing, Lord God, what a blessing it is to be able to be raised in a real godly home, to be taught the precepts of God. Father, to have Lord that protection, to have that encouragement, but Lord God, may they realize that that's all protection, but it's not going to be about what they do, but rather accepting &gt;&gt; what you've done for them. May you reveal yourself to each one. Lord, make yourself known. If there's a need here this morning, Lord, that my upon a heart it just seems like so impossible, Lord. Maybe it's darkness and such gloom and doubt has gathered around and just oppressiveness. Father, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. May that darkness, Lord, give way at the name of Jesus Christ. May the light break through, Lord God. I pray grant it Lord to where Lord they can grab a hold of that line. They can grab a hold and you can lead them right out of that darkness. You can lead them right out of that depression. You can lead them right out Lord God of that gloom that Lord where it looks like there's no way out. That I pray God there's a lifeline in the building this morning. There's a bloodline that's here. There's a Holy Ghost that's here. Grant it Lord I pray. Grant it Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Go ahead, buddy. &gt;&gt; You didn't have to open my eyes. &gt;&gt; Amen. If you'd like to stand. &gt;&gt; Could easily pass be for the age I was living in was wretched poor and and blind. But then I heard you recognize &gt;&gt; I sing you day serent sea and perfect faith the preach and the message of grace. And Lord, I thank thee. And I just want to thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, Father, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glories revealed in me? &gt;&gt; Thanks for that special night. Oh, when I saw your glorious light, &gt;&gt; came face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I made me not even in my wildest dream. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, Lord. That's right. &gt;&gt; Did I think I see &gt;&gt; as the coming of the Lord, the rapture is my story. Oh, I have moved. Now I see God in simplicity. The spoken word is original and I hallelujah. Oh, I just want to thank you. Oh, could we just thank you? Thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Oh, thanks for that special God. &gt;&gt; When I saw your glorious life, you came face to face with eternal life. Oh, and Lord, I thank thee. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You know, I think about this cuz there's there's certain flavors that I really don't care for. I've got these things everywhere. And you know, they're kind of strong fisherman's friends. And there was a time I, you know, was preaching a meeting and I needed a cough drop. get that dry coughing. You know, I was up there starting to print. I needed them. I think I took the first offering of cough drops. I had all kinds laid up here on me. But, you know, we talked about knowledge. You could look at know what's in that package even and if you look at say, I don't like honey lemon. I don't like that. But if you get desperate enough, &gt;&gt; you don't care if it's honey, lemon, cherry, mint, you say, "Give me one of those. I have needs." &gt;&gt; God knows how to bring desperation. &gt;&gt; You know, it's like a it's like a woman getting ready for birth. Sometimes they have to go ahead and induce that birth. And sometimes what they'll do is they'll start a drip. There's little things that they'll start doing to get it bringing it to birth. Guy back there on the drum with drums was kind of a stubborn one coming out. He was a little overdone when he came out, but they had to start doing things. And you know sometimes when you do that what they call a a drip and it just what it does is it starts the system moving towards birth. I believe God God start a drip. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Person can walk right. God's starting that drip. You know what he's doing? He's bringing it right in condition. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's bringing a riding condition. Aren't you Aren't you thankful for how God works? &gt;&gt; Amen. when you can you can pray and then you can say, "God, just just be real through my life. How however you want me to speak to my loved ones because one of the greatest things is just show them you care, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Show them you care and you're right with them." Brother Bram never distanced himself from Billy Paul when Billy Paul was going through all his time. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Neither did Brother Bram go and go fishing with him and preach at him. Sometimes I know that harder based on how our makeup is, but he didn't. But you know what it was? It was God with skin on. &gt;&gt; That that's what's important. Just be God with skin on. But the same I can't put everything there. You don't need to. Let God in you. God knows right to give you what right words what to say at the right time. And what's most important is the display of Christ through your life. Right? &gt;&gt; Think about that man who was one to the Lord, gave his life because he saw a mother dear, but he saw loyalty. What about the brother who saw the sun rising and setting? He brought back everything he heard the preacher preach the songs of sung, but he surrendered his heart to God. See, God's sovereign. Every experience, just like your experience, it's personal. &gt;&gt; It's personal. God knows just how to get a hold of their their lives, your children, your loved ones. God knows how to break down every wheel. So, Brother Samuel, what what do we do? Have patience with God. Don't get in no hurry, but get desperate. &gt;&gt; Get desperate for their souls. And you way the desperate for their souls, it's more praying than it is talking. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's praying for them. Enter in for them, Lord, because you know where you were and you know where they are. And they they can't I couldn't understand. But Joey, there's no way I could understand. I I thought it was something that I would do. And that nature within me, how can that be? I didn't want I didn't All I saw was conflict. But when God breaks down that nature to where the love of the world, brother Brian, it just it gets that place that you say, "I don't care if they are Honey Lemon. &gt;&gt; I want him. &gt;&gt; I want that Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I want him to change my associates. I want him to change my life completely. I want him. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; God knows how to do it. &gt;&gt; He knows how to start that inducing of labor. get it everything just right in place. God is so faithful, friends. Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Don't you appreciate his mercy? He has shown the light all around me so that I can clearly see. Oh, that if it was before the lighthouse. Tell tell me where will this ship be? And I thank God for &gt;&gt; Let's pray over this for Okay. &gt;&gt; I owe my life to him. Jesus is the lighthouse. Oh, and from the rocks of sin. And he has shown his light all around me that I might clearly see. And if it was sent for the lighthouse, tell me where would this ship be? There's a lighthouse on a hillside that overlooks. I see. When I'm tossed, it sends out a light that I might clearly see. Oh, and the light that shines now will safely leave me. Oh, if it wasn't for the lighthouse, oh, my share would sail no more. And I thank God. Oh, I owe my life. Oh, for Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rocks of sin. And he had, oh, thank you, Lord, his light, a revelation all around me that I might clearly see. And if it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where now everybody that lives around me. Oh, they say tear that lie. house down. Oh, you see all the big ships, they just don't sail here anymore. Ain't no use of it standing around. But then my mind goes back to that stormy night. Oh, thank God. Just in time, I saw the evening light and the light from that old message last. Oh, it stand upon there on here. And I thank God for the for this lighthouse. I owe my life. I owe my life to him. For Jesus is the lighthouse. from the rocks of sin and he has shown his life all around me. Thank you Lord Jesus that I might clearly see and if it wasn't for the lighthouse. Tell me when. Amen. Let's sing a second verse just one more time. Oh, now everybody that lives all around us, they say tear that lie house down. Oh, you see all the big ships, they just don't sail here anymore. Ain't no use of it standing. Oh my. But then my mind goes back to that stormy night when Oh, thank God. Just in time I saw the light and the light from that old light house that stands there upon a hill. And I thank God. Oh hallelujah. I'm so thankful for the lighthouse. I owe my life. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. For Jesus is the lighthouse and from the rocks of sin. And he has shown the light all around me that I might clearly see. And if it wasn't for the lie, tell me where would this ship be? And he has shown his light all around me that I might clearly see. And if it wasn't for the lighthouse, tell me where would this ship be? Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you so glad for that this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing this song before we go. Well, I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul. But down inside of me, when I hear the word, my heart says amen. I say amen. Beyond this flesh. Oh, beyond this flesh that you can't see now. Beyond all weaknesses of this flesh, there is a connection. Oh, invisible with Jesus Christ. I don't know how. I don't know why. Oh, I cannot explain the love of God for my soul. But down inside of me, when I hear God's word, my heart says amen. I say amen. One more time. Beyond this flesh. Oh, beyond this flesh. Oh, that you can't see now. Beyond all weaknesses of this flesh. Oh, invisible with Jesus Christ. Well, I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot sway. Oh, but deep down inside of me, when I hear God's word, my heart says I don't know how. Oh, I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain. Oh, the love of God for my soul. But down inside of me, when I hear the word, my heart says, "Oh, I say, oh, that sounds real good." Let's just sing that once again. I don't know. I don't know how. Oh, I don't know why I cannot explain. Oh, the love of God in my soul. But deep down inside of me, it's been revealed to me. Oh, my heart says, oh, I say amen. When he speaks to me, I say amen. When he reveals his word to me, I say amen. I see him so clearly now. I say amen. He is real. I say amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad you could say amen to the word? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. It's okay. Just one more song before we go. Amen. I'm sorry. Amen. I just I'm so I'm so appreciate the word this morning. You appreciate the word. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Let the church. Oh, let the church say amen. God has spoken. Oh yes. Let the church say. Oh, hallelujah. Let the church Let the church say amen. Let the church say amen. word God has spoken. Hallelujah. Let the church say amen. Oh, one more time. Let the church Oh, let the church say amen. Let the church say amen. For God has spoken. Oh, let the church say amen. For God has spoken. So let the church say, "God has spoken." Oh, God has spoken. Oh, let the church say amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, aren't you so thankful for the word today? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And let's just bow our heads before dismiss, Lord. Lord Jesus, how we're so thankful, Lord, for your word, Lord. And Lord, for that revelation, Lord Jesus, that you revealed to us, Lord Jesus. Lord, not not a creed, not a dogma, but Lord, yourself, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we're so thankful, Lord, that Lord, that's what this message is truly about, Lord. That's that's what this message shows, Lord. It's you, Lord Jesus. It's not not like what we do or what we say, Lord. It's much more than that, Lord. But Lord, it's who we are, Lord Jesus. It's who you are, Lord Jesus. And Lord, your life being reflected in us. Oh, Lord Jesus, how we so thank you for that, Lord Jesus. How we so appreciate you for it, Lord. And Lord Jesus, what we what Lord, the word that we've heard today, Lord Jesus, may we just take it on our hearts, Lord Jesus. And Lord, help us to live it, Lord Jesus. And Lord Jesus, Lord, it knowing that, Lord, the battles that we go through, Lord Jesus, and the struggles and the tests and trials that we go through, Lord, every day, Lord, it's it's hard, Lord. It really is hard, Lord. But Lord, I know my brothers and sisters, Lord, know we we all been, Lord Lord, they they've been going through some, Lord, different things, Lord Jesus. we all have. Lord, I just pray that Lord, you just let them know that you're right with them, Lord Jesus. May you just lead them and guide them, Lord. May you encourage them a real special way, Lord, like you did for Elijah there under the juniper tree, Lord. Lord Jesus, may you send, Lord, your angel, the softest hand, Lord Jesus, to help them, Lord Jesus. Grant it, dear Lord Jesus. May you grant that tonight, this this morning, Lord Jesus. And Lord, for those that are weward, Lord Jesus, may you continue to just deal with their hearts, Lord Jesus. And Lord Jesus, we just we just want to be more like you, Lord Jesus. We want to be Jesus to somebody, Lord Jesus. We want to be Jesus, Lord, wherever we go on our jobs, Lord, in schooling, Lord Jesus, and wherever we're at, Lord Jesus. Wherever we go, even with one another, Lord Jesus, may you help us, Lord Jesus. May you give us grace, Lord Jesus, to be more like you, Lord. We love you. We thank you, Father. We just pray, Lord, you be with uh each and everyone today. Uh protect each and everyone on the roadways, Lord Jesus. Lord, I know it's probably snowy or icy out there. Maybe just keep your hand upon him, Lord. And Lord, just so thank you for your word today. Bless brother Samuel, Lord. Give him strength in his body this morning. We love you and we thank you, Lord. We love you so much, Lord Jesus. Go with us now in your name, Lord. Jesus precious name. And the saints said, "Amen." How many can say it's been real good to be in church this morning? Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. Amen. God bless you. You may be dismissed. If you still want to worship, you're more than free to. Let the church say amen. Oh, let the church say amen. Oh, God has spoken. So let the church say amen. Let the church Let the church say amen. Oh, let the church, everybody say amen. Oh, God has spoken. So, let the church say amen. Let the church Oh, let the church say, let the church say amen. Let the church, everybody say. Say amen. Goddess. Oh, let the church say amen. Oh, for God has spoken. So let the church say amen.
