################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - Redemption in the Book of Revelation - Trevor Emond - Trevor Emond.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2026-01-18
Title:    BSWT LIVE
Speaker: Trevor Emond
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 38m
Language:English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oubRTiOZN9I
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
In a dark lonely valley of a desert so dry. My soul was so thirsty for the waters of life. fell no real direction. I was lost as could be. But then I met Jesus and Jesus showed me mountains of mercy, oceans of grace. Oh love and forgiveness taking away guilt and shame. I drain it all my doubts and fears and every sin could not erase. Mountains of mercy, oceans of praise. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Think about what we heard last night. From the height of my weakness to the depths of my sin. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, I was finally forgiven. of all I had been. Oh, just like a prisoner from darkness set free. Cuz when I touched heaven, oh heaven touch me, mountains of mercy and oceans of grace, his love and forgiveness. Hallelujah. He's taking away the guilt and the shame. I treaded all my doubts and fears and every sin I could not erase. Mountains of birth. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. And oceans of grace. Oh, testify, church. Well, I once was lost, but now I'm found. He lifted me. Hallelujah. Higher ground. I once was blind. Now I see mountains of mercy. Oh, an ocean of praise. Hallelujah. For the love and forgiveness, he's taken away. I tra all my doubts and fears and every sin I could not erase. Mountains of mercy. Hallelujah. Glory. And oceans of Let's all stand. Sing it again. I once was lost, church. I once was lost, but now I'm found. He lifted me to higher ground. I once was blind. Thank God. Now I see mountains of mercy, oceans of praise. Oh, the love and forgiveness taken away. guilt and shame. I traded all my doubts and fears, every sin. Oh, I could not erase. Mountains of mercy, portions of praise. He gave me mountains of mercy. and oceans of praise. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. How many knows, brother Brandon, there's parts of the oceans they don't even have any idea how deep it goes. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank God. All our sins in the sea of God's forgetfulness. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. And I know I've said this before, but if if anybody didn't get that message last night, man, go download that one. We got we got it up there. We haven't got the title on it yet. It just says BWT live service. That's how fresh it is. So, just we haven't even put the title on it, but go get it. It'll change your life. It's one of those I wish I'd have heard that 20 years ago kind of ser, you know, just it goes along with everything we've been hearing that's been preached here. me and brother Sam have been fellowship and things and just but just the wording was it was like things that when I was a young young person I wish I'd heard those things then and I you know you always think you're worse than everybody else but it turns out Amen. You're just a child of God like everybody else. Amen. Amen. We all go through those struggles. Amen. We'll take these prayer requests for the Lord. I've asked brother brother Shane come open the service in prayer. Amen. First one here we have a testimony from brother Gabriel. It's a long one here. Just give me a sec. I would like to thank the Lord, give worship and praise to God for his divine mercy. A week before Christmas, our furnace stopped working. We quickly called the repair man who fixed the problem, but 3 weeks later, it stopped working again. The repair man returned, noticed that the igniter had uh he installed uh the wire the way it was wired, it could have caused a fire. Amen. He but he made the necessary repairs and now we have peace of mind because of the gracious hand of our Lord. Amen. Praise God. Amen. That's wonderful. Amen. Praise God for providing that for brother. Glad they could fix it, brother. Sometimes they can't fix it and they tell you to get a new one, but God bless you. Amen. It's good that they could do that. God bless our brother. Amen. Uh let's all please remember Sister Rachel Atkins. Remember she's she's going I guess they postponed that. They said 3:45 this afternoon. H man was praying for our sister last night. We're just continue to hold her up in prayer that God would comfort her and give her give her peace while she's there in the hospital until this until this storm passes over. Amen. We'll just trust God to heal. He'll he'll guide the hands of surgeon, heal her quickly. Amen. We look forward to that. Sister Stephanie says, "Please continue to pray for my friend uh Heather, my daughter Emily Wilson, and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord and for my unsaved loved ones salvation. God's blessing and thank you. Sister Gomeses, please pray for our neighbor Vera. She's still unable to walk. Amen. We'll pray for pray for Vera this morning. Please keep Brother Bobby Carper in your prayer for healing. Amen, Uncle Bobby. And may God grant her. And I know Aunt Michelle was looking for a job. So just pray for her that God will grant that according to his will. Amen. God bless him. We miss our brother Roco this morning. Amen. He's still we're still trusting uh God for healing for him as he's uh recovering there. Sister Naomi, last one here says, "Please pray for my family. The Lord knows." Amen. How may put your name on that prayer request. Lord, I want to see my family come in. I want to see them blessed and highly favored of the Lord here in the house of God. Amen. May God grant it. If you Amen. If you have any need on your heart, you didn't write something down, just raise your hand before God. Amen. How many wants to have another great meeting with Jesus this morning? Amen. I We just had such a wonderful time last night. We're looking forward to another one here today. So, Brother Shane, would you come, brother? Amen. Just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, just what appropriate song, Lord, to start today. And father, just a message of grace last night, Father. We'll never look at mistakes the same way, Father. Lord, mountains of mercy, oceans of grace, Father. Lord, if there's anything today that we've said or done or thought, Lord, that wasn't like you, we just want to put it in that ocean of grace, Lord, and that you would forgive us, cleanse us, Father. Lord, even our minds this morning would just be focused on your word, Father. These needs, Father, we we've been lifting Sister Rachel up, Father, in a couple hours as she underos the surgery, Lord. Father, may you just work with the doctors, the surgeons, Father, be in that room. Let it be a peace in that room, Father. Do what they need to do, Lord, and heal her quickly, Father. Lord, Brother Rocco, may you heal them, Father. Others, Lord, that are sick and afflicted, Father. Lord, just these needs of salvation of loved ones, Father. We remember where you brought us from, Father. Lord, some of us weren't always in this message, this truth, Father. We we came from a religion, Lord, but Father, you've changed our life. You've changed, Lord, our whole life, Father. We've never been the same, Father. And you're still working. You're still saving souls, Father. And we just these family members, Lord, we we just remember them, Father, this morning, Lord. Father, may you just use Brother Trevor once again, Lord. Give him strength in his body, Lord. Help him to just set aside his own ideas, Lord, and just use him, Father. We look forward to what you have in store, Lord. We give you thanks in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Amen. The church says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." God bless you this morning. Amen. You're allowed to sit down as long as you keep singing. God bless you. Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. Oh, it was way back on Cal. Yes, the blood still gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain and it goes to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood still gives me strength. From day to day, it'll make its power. Oh, thank you, Lord. Oh, it soothes my doubts and it calms my fears. Hallelujah. Oh, that same blood. Oh, it dries all my tears. Yes, the blood still gives me strength. from me today. It's powering up. It reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. The blood still gives me strength. From day to day, all it will be lose it power. Oh, for it reaches. Praise God. to the highest. Sing it church mountain. Yes. And it flows down the lowest. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Oh the blood gives me strength from day to day to day. No, it'll never it will never lose its power. And it is so sweet to trust in Jesus. just to take him at his word. Just to rest upon his promise. Just to know the saith the Lord. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him, how I prove him more and Jesus. Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust. Yes, Lord. Him more. Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus, Lord. Just to trust his cleansing blood. Just in sinful faith to plunge me the healing cleansing flood. Oh Jesus, Jesus. How I trust him, how I prove him over and over Jesus. Jesus, precious Jesus, oh for grace do. Oh my. Hallelujah. Think about what we heard. Oh yes, it is sweet to trust in Jesus. Just from sin itself to cease. Just from Jesus simple take. Hallelujah. Life and rest. Hallelujah. Joy and peace. Oh Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. Yes, I proved him over and over. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. Hope for grace to trust. In the last verse, I'm so glad. Thank you, Lord. I've learned to trust thee. Precious, precious Jesus, Savior, and my friend. And I know that thou art with me. And he will be with me till my end. Oh Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I prove him over and over. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him. One more time. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, how I trust him. Oh yes, Lord. And how I prove. Oh, &gt;&gt; over and over. Oh, Jesus. Jesus, precious Jesus, oh for grace to trust him more. He looked beyond my fault. Hallelujah. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought hallelujah my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me. Thank you Lord. He looked beyond my and he saw my need. Yes, Lord. From now on, oh I shall forever my eyes to to Calvary to view the cross. Hallelujah. Where Jesus died for me. Yes, he died for me. How much love for the grace that caught my father. Hallelujah. Praise his name, saints. Oh, he looked beyond my faults and saw my knee. Take it up just a teeny bit. Try one more time. Amazing grave. One more time. Let's praise him now. It'll always be my song of praise worthy for it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, just why he came to love me so. Oh, he looked me. Hallelujah. He looked beyond my faults and he saw my need. And I shall forever live my Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's right, Lord. Yes, Lord. Oh, I can still view the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous. Oh, how marvelous glory marvelous the grace that caused caught my fallen soul. He looked beyond my faults and saw my need. How the last grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and saw my need. Oh, praise the Lord. Give him praise, saints. He's worthy of all praise. Amen. We'll just sing one more song, then we have a special this morning. Amen. Brother Zion and Sister Gloriana is going to sing for us this morning. Amen. Brother Samuel comes and and we'll take that before uh looking forward to that. What a blessing. I'm looking forward to the word this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Will you all help me sing one more though? &gt;&gt; He set me free. We can say amen to that one. &gt;&gt; Well, once like a bird in prison I dwelt. No freedom from my sorrow I felt. Then Jesus came. Listen to me. Glory to God. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Well, he broke the fire present for me. Now I'm glory bound. My Jesus is singing. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Now I am climbing higher each day. Hallelujah. Darkness of night has drifted away. Oh my feet. Hallelujah. On higher ground. Glory to God. I hope for he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Well, he broke the box of prison for me. Yes, I'm going to rebound my Jesus. Oh, glory to God, he said. Oh, hallelujah now. Oh, goodbye to sin. I believe confound of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working. I'm praying, testifying now to God. I'm going through. Oh yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke proides a prison for me. Oh, I'm glory bound my Jesus sing. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Amen. All right, brother Zion and Sister Gloriana, as they come, let's sing that last verse one more time. After last night, we say that goodbye to sin and the things that did confound me. Oh, how many years? It don't matter. Hallelujah. He set me free. Hallelujah. By his word. Hallelujah. Well, goodbye to sin and things that confound or not of this work shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working. I'm praying to. Yes, sir. Glory to God. I'm going through. For he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke all the bonds, my prison for me. I'm bound by Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Well, I'm glory bound. Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. We appreciate some music. Praise the Lord for his gift on that one. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that should be good. &gt;&gt; We just thought Glorian asked me last night if we wanted to sing something in the middle of service and I wasn't quite mentally ready yet. So, um, we pulled something out of our back pocket this morning. We haven't practiced this in a minute, but just pray it'll be a blessing. We sang it a few times, so there I was on death row. Guilty in the first degree. Son of God hanging on a hill. Hell was my destiny. The crowd was shouting, "Crucify &gt;&gt; could have come from these lips of mine. Dirty shame was killing me. It would take a miracle to wash me clean. &gt;&gt; Then I read the red letters and the ground began to shake. The prison wall started falling and I became a free man that day. Felt like lightning hit my veins. My dead heart began to beat. Breath of God filled my lungs and the Holy Ghost awakened me. Yeah. The Holy Ghost awakened me. When I read the red letters and the ground began to shake, the prison wall started falling and I became a free man that day. For God so loved the whole wide world, sent his own son to die for me. Arms spread wide for the whole wide world. His arms spread wide where mine should be. Jesus changed my destiny. &gt;&gt; Thank you, God, for red letters. When the ground begins to shake, the grace of God started falling and I became a free man that day. The prison wall started falling and I am a free man today. Amen. Let's sing a little chorus. &gt;&gt; Amen. As as brother Samuel comes. Amen. How many appreciated that? Let's give him another hand of applause. Appreciate that. Appreciate special singers. Amen. Even I don't want to hear me all the time. It's good to have special singers. Amen. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I'll worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. Oh, I'll worship you as long as I am breathing. Oh God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. Let's sing it again. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all your ways and I worship you as long as I am. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. So thankful. I meant to say last night we um uh we had all those um young brothers up here. Um still got a lot of the young ones up here and you help balance out their age, Dad. But uh I so appreciate um just you know in whatever the talent and gift that God has given you you. Amen. Use it for the glory of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because God's given it for a purpose. And um you know and each of us have a talent. We each have a gift. And you know sometimes it can be it can be sometimes a little hard to find because if we're looking as though that we have to do what somebody else does in order to be gifted or talented. And I always think how brother Brandham when he looked back there and in the message it was brother Creech and he says you know brother Creech he said I believe he said that I can hear you sing those specials and he said if you'll just turn loose he said God will use you &gt;&gt; to lead singing. He said that's your position brother if you'll just turn loose. And I'll tell you, if if my only position is to turn the lights on at a certain time, whatever it is, I'm just glad to be a part of the economy of God. I'm glad to be here. Amen. I feel like Peter. I feel like them on the mountain. Lord, it's just good to be here &gt;&gt; cuz there's no big part, no little part. We all have a part in the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. And that is so true. And we so appreciate God's grace. And man, just so appreciate the word of the Lord last night. And um you know um that was not it it gets announced as a youth service and and yet um the the ministering of the word you know when it's a youth service it's not watered down. &gt;&gt; Amen. That was meat last night was meat for the journey &gt;&gt; and and brother Brian already mentioned it. If you weren't here, you need to go back and listen to that message. &gt;&gt; And that's one you need to keep on save. &gt;&gt; And you say save? Well, you can keep going back to it, but come back to it to a place to where that you stand and become dangerous to hell. &gt;&gt; When that sinks down in our heart, then you become dangerous to the devil. That's how David was. David got to that spot with his walk with God to where brother Bram said when he went to the battle, he danced all the way down there to to meet Goliath cuz he already knew. He didn't see a vision. He didn't see Goliath falling by vision. He didn't know what was going to happen, how it was going to happen. But what he knew is is this is an uncircumcised Philistine. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm a child of God. &gt;&gt; That's how Shamgar Shamgar eventually just one one little verse. one little verse. And he eventually got tired of seeing his family taken advantage of. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he just, you know what he did? The prophet tells us, he said, he reached back and he remembered, "Wait a minute. I'm a seed of Abraham. I've got a covenant." &gt;&gt; And when he began to remind himself on the words that God had already spoken to him and God was quickened in that moment, &gt;&gt; brother, there was a divine quickening power that came in there that brought a liberation. not only the Shamgar but to his family and to others. I believe that same God is here this morning &gt;&gt; and I believe God wants to move among us in another in another portion here this morning. Amen. We're just glad to have brother Trevor and sister Anime and uh and brother Zion and Sister Camille his his wife and they've been pretty soon about a year now they'll be married in in March. And so, uh, had a lovely wedding there. And, um, also Gloriana, it was so good to have her here. And &gt;&gt; of course, I'll have to give Ezariah a hard time. I usually do. But, um, we we just so appreciate the Eman family. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, appreciate Brother Trevor. And, um, also, I wanted to make mention, Brother Trevor, as you make your way on up, I How many appreciate the wall back here? you know, little little things, just the little things will get me, you know, and and I every time I'd look at it and I'd see my slides, that color don't look right over here. This color don't look right. And and and you know, of course, uh Brother Willie, he was sitting back there, you know, and there was times he said, "I I've had enough." And so, Brother Willie, he told me, he said, "I'm coming over here. I'm putting my st I'm my everything up scaffolding in order to do it." So, we appreciate that. Brother Willie just really took that on, man, and did that. Amen. I really appreciate that. And then out here the other day, brother, um I showed up and I had to do some last minute measurements on that sign and send some things down there to um Amish country. And so um I came over here and Brother Richie and Brother Shawn are out there and they ended up digging that digging that little trench over there. I don't want to say little, but dig it so we can get the electric to the sign when the sign's put in and have light. So, we appreciate all of that. Amen. Don't we? We so appreciate that. Amen. And uh may God richly God richly bless you. I grabbed brother Willie when he came in last night. I said, "Man, that looks so good up there, man. So good up there." And uh but uh we thank God this morning for his grace. And so let's let's just stand and can y'all play that song, Gratitude. But I know you all know it. I don't have to ask that. Can you sing it or I need to get Paul up here? &gt;&gt; All my words fall short. I got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. The song I sing you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. And I know it's not much, nothing else fit for a king &gt;&gt; except for a heart singing hallelujah. I'm in one response. I've got just one with my arms stretch wide. I will worship you. Throw my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a highle. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else. &gt;&gt; Oh, but it's yours, Lord, except for a heart sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Lord. So come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, one more time. Oh, come on my soul. Praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for our hearts singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He's worth all our our glory, all the praise, all the gratitude for all that he's done for us. &gt;&gt; Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Have your Bibles if you would turn with me to Revelations. Very familiar passage. Revelations chapter 10. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Revelations chapter 10. We we will be looking through, of course, verses 1-7. I know that that's probably never been preached on in a message church such as this before, but But I do ask that you that you not turn off and say, "Well, okay, it's Revelations 10 sermon. I guess I've heard this one before." So, you know, we'll just uh standard message sermon. Okay, I got it. I can sleep now. Um, but we'll we'll just try to look at some things. I want to compare and contrast a little bit between Revelations chapter 10 and Revelation 11. And we have a title of redemption in the book of Revelation and what redemption is and what it means. And so we want to dive into that a little bit. But uh verse one says, "I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head and his face was as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire." How beautiful is that? He had in his hand a little book open, and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot upon the earth, and cried with a loud voice as when a ri lion roarth. When he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we look to your word, we look at Lord, what you wrote for us in AD 95 and 96 when John was on the aisle of Patmas. Father, you put him there and got him in a cave so that he he could he could get with you and write what you would have for your church in the last days, Father. And then as prophesied, Lord, that you would send a seventh angel who would reveal all and and and take up all the loose ends and open up all the mysteries, Lord, at your coming. So Lord, we we're just so thankful, Father, that you've put all of this in here for us. I pray, Lord, that we would miss none of what you have for your bride in this last day. Lord, speak to our hearts now and open this book again. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So, just a few comments. I know um you know this is what I think fifth fourth or fifth was like fourth year in a row in January that I've been here just because I keep coming to this same convention for work. So, Brother Samuel's like, "Well, if you're here, we're going to do it." And so, we appreciate that. And but just as as way of maybe just um some people would ask, you know, you see, you know, oh, Brother Trevor, you're getting around a lot and different things. So, I just thought I maybe I'd give it just a little personal report that over the last few years just how the Lord's been using my ministry and growing quite a bit. And um maybe if you followed me on social media, you saw that I found this new app a friend of mine had. And I was like, "Oh, that's neat." and it goes in and it grabs all of your flight schedules and such from your email and puts a big chart together and everything. So, last year it was over 55,000 miles in the air, which that's what I said. I was like, I didn't think it was that many, but you know, you go over to Europe a couple of times and that throws the thousands of miles on pretty fast. And so, um, last year just it was a really, really busy year. A wonderful year for us, hard year for us in some ways and and but a but a wonderful year in other ways. and the Lord just using us uh to to really be a blessing. and did four four youth camps over the last year and um in Belgium and winter youth retreat in Alaska and the normal BYC and um and uh so just just so many things and so I'm just really thankful to the Lord um for keeping me and um appreciate you know all of your prayers and um when you think of us to to pray for us as well in in the work of the ministry and you know inside I'm just you know the same you know I guess I don't feel like I'm 12 inside anymore but maybe I feel like I'm like 22 inside, you know, and so you you you look at things like that, you know, as you sit there and you're you're kind of reflecting, okay, see, that was so not me. you're reflecting over the last year, you know, and and um and you're looking back and taking stock of, you know, as as maybe I don't know, as I do that, you know, towards the end of the year and just start reflecting and looking at how the year went and all that was done and everything and and um you know, I just look back and I just shake my head because the 25-year-old inside of me goes, "Who who wants me to come and preach? That's weird." you know, you just, you know, you just think like, you know, because when I was a young guy going to youth camps, this where I'm at in my life is nowhere near what I thought I' I'd be doing and and just how the Lord is using me. So, I'm I'm just grateful to the Lord and and just appreciate having friends like this church and and places that that uh that that find it a blessing for me to come and and be a part of their fellowship and everything. So, I appreciate your pastor, Brother Samuel. Um, I don't know if you know this, you know, it's sometimes hard to appreciate those closest to us. Um, but word on the street is that, you know, we would listen to brother Samuel any day of the week. So, you are very, very blessed. Not just because he probably has the smoothest preaching voice probably in the world, but just the balance and the tenor that he brings things out. It was so evident in the youth um little youth fellowship that we had Friday night. I couldn't get anybody hardly to say the wrong answers so that I could make fun of those wrong answers. Like it just it was just no, it's relationship. It's it's it's connecting with Christ. It's not just about right doctrine and doing right things and and it was just like my just you can you can tell the evident effect of the ministry. So, uh, if you if you haven't said thank you to the Lord lately or appreciated this church, um, I just maybe somebody from the outside looking in. I'm sure you have problems. I'm sure there are times when he is one of the most annoying pastors ever to you, but just recognize in those moments how blessed you really, really are with God has given you such a good pastor. And I don't just say that in every church that I go to, but a really brother Samuel is just really a highlight um for us and for our family. And you know, if if there's a Thursday night where we're where we're not doing much, you know, it's like, "Oh, hey, brother Samuel might be speaking." You know, we can and and so we we tune in uh at times and are blessed by his ministry as well. So, um, just just to tell you you're blessed and not just for your pastor, but just everyone around, you know, look look around and and just, you know, in your heart right now, appreciate the person that annoys you in this fellowship &gt;&gt; because you need one another. &gt;&gt; You need one another. So, amen. Praise the Lord. Let's see here. Anything else I can I can get myself in trouble with? So, um, praise the Lord. Okay. So redemption in the book of revelation and um last last March I think it was um just just 10 minutes away here with brother Saias's fellowship brother uh Nathaniel had had been asking he he's like man we should we just got to fellowship in one day over text and then it was like okay this texting is restrictive so we just end up calling each other and and we were on the phone for like an hour just having really good fellowship and he's like man we need to man we need to do just like a deep teaching weekend I'm like well I'm in you know I And so I I said, 'Well, I've been doing this study on the book of Revelation and uh with the church in Dayton there at Brother Severz and I said, I you know, I'd love to just do this and you know, we'll just do it. we'll just do the whole book of Revelation in one weekend and it's advantageous and you know but it's you know but and we had a really good weekend and it it was a lot of fun and we just man we took from one to 22 and we went through the whole thing and I don't know if any of us remembered anything by the time we got done but man going through it was a lot of fun and if if there was five nuggets everybody got then well praise the Lord you know and so &gt;&gt; see what we can do here and so Um, so I I I put this study together and um uh Sister Sue was helping me out with some with some graphics such as, you know, timelines like this. I had timelines laid out. And over here we see the chapters 10 and 11 and 22 because I I just cut a cross-section. And so we've got AD 90 1906 and the Holocaust here and the rapture happening sometime after 200 AD. And we've got the millennium, you know, and white throne judgment. And so we've got these timelines and they correspond to the different chapters in the book of Revelation. And so, uh, she was really great in helping me put this out and I thought, well, man, at some point in time, maybe we should show her handiwork, you know, and so was putting together a booklet and at some point in time, if the Lord carries and continues to help, I'll I'll my plan is to have a kind of a message annotated book of Revelation so that you can read through the book of Revelation and then you have, you know, quotes of the prophet saying what each thing is and we'll have timelines and we'll have, you know, different uh, helps and things like that. So, if it looks good, it'll be because of Sue. And if you know, it will certainly won't be because of me, you know, because this is what I put together is things like this, which I thought was, you know, for me, this is pretty good, you know. Um, but anyway, so we we, you know, I just thought, well, and then I was thinking about I thought, well, okay, we we're going to do a youth service, so we'll we'll do this this one on choice, and then I'll do the one on parenting. And then I was asking which kind of is the next part of that. And then I was talking to brother Samuel. I was like, "Oh, I need to play this quote." During the service, I was like, "Hey, I need to I need to text Brian to make sure I can play this quote from my iPad." And then I was like then I got this feeling of deja vu that I had texted brother Brian about playing a quote for the service. And then I remembered I preached that service here already. So um, so praise the Lord. That was yesterday. And so then I was like, whoa, whoa, great. Now what am I going to preach on Sunday? And so just really looking through things this morning and just trying to be in prayer and ask the Lord to speak to me and just sitting there in the in the office just really felt Lord, if there was like, you know, I usually try to say, Lord, if there's one thing I can say, what is that thing that is just on my heart to say and to express? And and so this thought of redemption and this this this sermon is a is kind of what this message is really all about kind of sermon. And if that's one thing I can say then that's what I want to say because I think I believe this is just so important that God God sent us this message and it's it is just so important. Uh we we need this this message and I and I just wanted to to to re-echo this in in in a in the way that that God has given me to to maybe express it. And so I thought we could well we can you know bring this thought and this is one of my favorite I think one of my favorite sermons of of mine to to bring out one of the favorite lessons of that whole revelation study. Um and uh and so so I thought well this just just just felt like the leading of the Lord here. So um we can look at this timeline here. We you know we start the Leodysian church age in 1906 and and we have you know the cloud in Revelations 10 happening in 1963 and then of course we get into the rapture and then after that there's a tribulation period of three and a half years while the bride is in the palace you know and um and then we come back with the Lord for a thousand-year millennium and uh and then we have a white throne judgment there and then after that we will be in the city um the the the the New Jerusalem. Amen. And so how wonderful that is. And and so I want to compare and contrast what's happening in both Revelations chapter 10 and Revelations 11. And just to highlight this, Revelations 10 is to the Gentiles. Revelations 11 is to the Jews. Just want to kind of give you a an overview so that you can so that as I get into these things, you're not lost. So Revelations 10 we'll look at as being to the Gentiles. Revelation 11 we'll look at as being the same thing, but to the Jews. and Revelations 11 is happening in this tribulation period time. This is as we can see the two witnesses, Revelation uh 11 1-13 and the seventh trumpet in verses 15 to19. And and and we we know that the seventh trumpet is to the Jews as the seventh seal is to the bride. And so these two things, these two time periods kind of they can we can we look at them on a timeline in parallel, but the the net effect is the same that what God is doing to the Gentiles, he is also doing to the Jews when he comes back because God wants to take a bride out of the Gentiles and to take 144,000 out of the Jews. Are we together everybody? We we good to together. Okay. So this is now I I just want to like none of this like none of like we I would just say we understand these things be like because God sent us a seventh messenger &gt;&gt; but these things are biblical these that what we're doing is we're looking at what the Bible says in Revelation. Now we understand that so many like have and brother Brandham will say and brother Brandham will will tell us that he he read Larkin and he read um Uriah Smith and these different ones and and and I have too cuz I wanted to I hey hey what does brother Brandham read, you know, and so so we he he tells us that these other men probed at it but until the seventh angel comes he can bring and and wind up all of these mysteries and just you know if there's anybody here that's ever heard the the line of course that the defectors from the uh the message with their websites has ever says, "Oh, brother Brandham just copied Larkin said someone who never read Larkin." &gt;&gt; Okay, I just want I just want to throw that out. Like if you've ever read what Larkin said like there are some things particularly the church age estates but if you get into the seals and you think brother Brandham copied Larkin that just shows you never read Larkin &gt;&gt; because it's it's VASTLY DIFFERENT. GOD GOD SHOWED random the like the truth of these things and then the the cohesion that we see in the SCRIPTURE THAT IT'S NO LONGER GUESSING at this but it is it is it is divinely revealed truth the divinely revealed truth OF ALL AGES THAT GOD HAD HELD BACK UNTIL THIS time to give and to reveal to finish up his complete plan that he had in his mind before um before the before the world began. Now, so what are what do when when we look at this revelations 22 and we get into this in the city in verse 1 through uh 1-5 we understand that this is the new Jerusalem coming down and so what is the whole like why like what is this it's like well you know you know your common Christian understanding is is like do you WANT TO GO TO heaven you know it's like okay where are you going to go when you die to heaven okay what is that well I don't know like it's above the clouds and then we got airplanes and we realized that heaven wasn't above the clouds clouds, you know, there wasn't people on the clouds and angels wings and looking down over the cloud to see their families and how everybody was getting along, you know, it's like, okay, praise God for airplanes. We had more understanding of the scripture when we got airplanes and and so so you KNOW, AND SO IT'S LIKE, OKAY, WELL, so what is heaven and what do we even mean by that? Like what is the whole point? It's like and and Christianity, you know, has has, you know, do good works, go to heaven, do bad works, go to hell. Like, it's just this is very simple. It's like, is that But is THAT REALLY WHAT GOD IS LOOKING FOR? is a is I'm just some benevolent dictator that says if you you know do things right enough you get to come with me and you get to be rewarded you know with starbursts and Skittles and you know wonderful snoodles you know in in heaven this sermon sponsored by Krowskis but anyway no I'm just kidding um and so you know um it's like like this is rewards IN HEAVEN LIKE WELL WHAT IS THE REWARDS LORDS IN HEAVEN. WHAT IS IT? JUST, you know, you get wonderful things because you did enough good things. It's like, no, that's so lame. &gt;&gt; THAT'S SO THAT IS SO like the word hedonistic. LIKE, THAT'S SO SELFISH. IT'S LIKE, I'M GOING TO DO ENOUGH GOOD WORKS SO THAT I can be rewarded eternally. All the snoodles I ever wanted in heaven and I won't gain weight. That is what this is like heaven to me. Praise God. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Like late like, okay, come on. At some point in time, you have eaten too many snoodles and it's not good anymore. &gt;&gt; I that's possible. I'm pretty sure it would be hard, but not but it but not imposs RIGHT. SO, LIKE WHAT IS REWARD IN HEAVEN? WHAT IS WHAT REALLY is redemption? What is it that we are being REDEEMED OR CALLED BACK TO? WHAT IS THAT city for us? Well, well, it is it is the it is the full manifestation OF THE MIND OF GOD IN IN IN ITS PHYSICAL MANIFESTATION in that IS TO SAY THAT GOD BEFORE THE FOUNDATION OF THE WORLD before he created EVERYTHING WANTED TO DWELL WITH HIS OWN ATTRIBUTES. SO HE CREATED MAN AND HE CREATED HIMSELF A MAN TO STEP INTO TO TO TO EXPRESS HIMSELF TO THOSE ATTRIBUTES IN THE SAME EQUAL WAY. AND SO THEN FINALLY IN THAT CITY, THAT CITY COMING DOWN, WE WILL DWELL WITH HIM physically forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The reward of heaven IS THAT YOU DWELL WITH HIM. &gt;&gt; The reward for HIM IS THAT HE DWELLS WITH YOU. &gt;&gt; THIS IS WHAT HE ALWAYS PURPOSED AND WHAT HE ALWAYS PLANNED. THIS WAS THE HARMONY AND THE BEAUTY THAT HE WAS LOOKING FOR. IT'S FAR MORE THAN SNOODLES. IT IS SO MUCH MORE. IT IS TO DWELL WITH THE ONE THAT IS THE SOURCE OF EVERYTHING GOOD AND WONDERFUL. &gt;&gt; AMEN. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; OH, THIS IS OUR REDEMPTION. THIS IS WHAT WE'RE BEING CALLED BACK TO IS LIKE, AM I BEING REDEEMED? WELL, WHAT IS WHAT IS REDEMPTION? &gt;&gt; What does it mean to be redeemed? Is it does it mean to be just merely sinless now? Like I like Adam and Eve, you know, they were in the Garden of Eden. They were, you know, they were sinless and then the fall happened. And so Jesus need to come and die so that we could be redeemed. &gt;&gt; And so then we're He died and so now we're redeemed. Well, in what way? Well, we're sinless now like Adam and Eve were. It's like, well, is that is that all that it was? Is that all that we were looking for? Is sinlessness? Is mere sinlessness all that we want? Well, I mean, that sounds pretty good. You going to make this harder? like not only do we have to be sinless, but now we've got to be somehow better than sinless. You don't redeem yourself. &gt;&gt; So, I would ask you this. When when Jesus died on the cross, were you redeemed? Ben, what's your rule? Don't ever answer the question or say amen in the first 30 minutes of Brother Trevor's sermon. Do not nod your head. Affirmative. Stay like a statue. Were you REDEEMED WHEN JESUS DIED ON THE CROSS? &gt;&gt; WELL, I mean, our common CHRISTIAN UNDERSTANDING IS LIKE, YES. YEAH. He Well, he paid for our redemption on Calvary, &gt;&gt; but were you redeemed? Are you currently redeemed? It's like, well, yes. No. Maybe you were your redemption was paid for. But but but when YOU WOKE UP THIS MORNING AND WENT, "OH, feels so good to be redeemed." NO. NO. NOT THAT'S THERE'S MORE TO REDEMPTION THAN JUST THAT JESUS DIED FOR YOU. BUT NO, HE WANTS THERE'S THE re like full redemption is we're in the city WITH HIM AND WE DON'T EVEN SLEEP. SO WHEN WE DON'T EVEN SLEEP, WE DON'T WAKE UP GOING, "OH, I'm going to get I'm going to get up because it just hurts to stay laying down." Redeemer redemption. Brother Brennham says, "I like the word redemption." Redeemed means to be b brought back. Redeemed. As I said this morning, the Christian businessman's talking on reconciliation. Redemption means the devil put you on in the pawn shop, but Jesus come and taken you out. &gt;&gt; Right? So, this is something that Jesus did. and and and and so he's he's put us in the pawn shop. But Jesus now he's purchased us, &gt;&gt; but he's also got to come and take us out &gt;&gt; and put us back to where we were always supposed to be, which is the manifestation of where we were in his mind before the beginning. So it is so much more than mere sinlessness, but it is to be in a perfect body that is able to dwell with him forever. that when when when that happens, when that new Jerusalem comes down, your full redemption will be there. So, but why why do we need this redemption? Like, what is it? What is it doing? And again, we we can say, well, it's not it's not sinlessness. It's not just that Jesus died for me and now I have I'm justified as if I've never sinned in the first place. But it's more than just that because like let's imagine you're now justified. You don't sin anymore. You you've been or at least you're washed and you're clean and you you know and and now Jesus comes and he takes you to heaven in your justified state. It hey, you're sinless now. He sees you as sinless. YOU'RE COMPLETELY WASHED AS IF YOU'VE never sinned in the first place. And he takes you and now you're dwelling with him for all of eternity. But what has changed about you other than he has washed you and cleaned you? like do you have the character that he would want to dwell with for eternity? &gt;&gt; Oh no. So then, so then part of your redemption then is to not only s and not ONLY WASH YOU, NOT ONLY TO sanctify you, NOT ONLY TO GIVE YOU THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST, WHICH IS TO HAVE POWER TO CAST OUT DEMONS AND ALL OF THESE THINGS TOO, BUT ALSO THE POWER TO WORK INSIDE OF YOU to grow you into the same stature and character OF JESUS CHRIST HIMSELF. So that when you're over there, THERE'S THERE'S NOT THIS HONEST AND TRULY THERE'S NOT I MEAN, HE IS GOD, BUT THERE IS NOT THIS VAST CHASM OF difference between him and you where he's just like, "Oh, sweetie, my little bride, you're so cute. &gt;&gt; You don't know anything and you have zero character, but it's so good to dwell with you." Really? Really? No. No. because he is his his point in giving us the word is that we might be ma we might be molded and shaped in his very image. Isn't that what WE'RE BEING TAUGHT? LIKE WHAT IS THE WORD COMING TO DO? If it's is it just coming to mere to make us merely sinless OR IS IT COMING TO REVEAL THE MIND OF GOD TO US THAT IT MAY NOT JUST STAY DORMANT IN THE MIND BUT COME DOWN INTO THE HEART AND AND AND BE be worked through and CHURNED AND AND THOUGHT ABOUT AND AND AND LET THAT WORD reveal where we're where we're LACKING SO THAT WE MIGHT GROW INTO HIS OWN STATURE, THE STATURE OF A PERFECT MAN &gt;&gt; WITH ALL OF THE JOY AND THE LOVE AND THE HOPE AND THE PEACE AND THE RIGHTEOUSNESS AND THE HOLINESS ON DISPLAY CLOTHED NOT ON EXTERNALLY WITH THE WORD BUT CLOTHED FROM THE INSIDE OUT. WE HAVE BECOME THE VERY WORD OF THE LIVING GOD MANIFESTED IN our very lives. &gt;&gt; SO HOW IS GOD THAT THAT'S THE KIND OF REDEMPTION BECAUSE IF YOU WERE IN THE MIND OF GOD YOU WERE SO BEFORE THE FOUNDATION OF THE WORLD YOU WERE SO MUCH MORE THAN MERE SINLESSNESS. SO REDEMPTION TO BRING US BACK TO A MANIFESTED STATE OF WHAT YOU WERE IN THE MIND OF GOD MUST MEAN TO BRING THIS BODY INTO SUBJECTION TO THE WORD OF GOD WHICH IS MORE THAN JUST SOME KIND OF HEADSHIP. BUT THERE'S A COMPLETION OF WHO I AM IN THE WORD MANIFESTING ME PHYSICALLY THAT I MIGHT BE WHO I WAS ALWAYS MEANT TO BE WHEN I WAS IN THE MIND OF GOD. THAT IS REDEMPTION. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. AND JESUS PURCHASED THE WAY BACK ON CALVARY AND BEGAN THE PROCESS OF REDEMPTION. BUT IT DID NOT STOP THERE. BUT GOD THEN COMING DOWN IN REVELATION 10 TO LIKE IF YOU'RE GOING TO BECOME IN THE STATURE AND IMAGE OF ALMIGHTY GOD. HOW YOU GOING TO DO THAT IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHO he is? &gt;&gt; Beautiful. YOU KNOW, IF WE WERE JUST, you know, CATHOLICS OR BAPTISTS OR PENTECOSTALS, YOU KNOW, AND WE WERE GOING TO COME INTO THE IMAGE OF GOD, WE'D HAVE TO DIVIDE OURSELVES INTO TWO people and one spirit, which as I heard the other day from a reliable trinitarian, that the Holy Spirit was the love between the two, the father and the son. And I just stopped the podcast because I can't take it. That's so stupid. Like you're a you're a grown man. You're supposed to be smart and you think the Holy Spirit is the love between the father and the son. I can't I just I can't do it. I don't know how I got on that. Oh yeah, cuz I was like if we're like we have to know who he is &gt;&gt; to be redeemed to to his likeness. We have to know who he is. And that is not three of us. THAT MUST MEAN IT'S ONE. HALLELUJAH. Praise the Lord. Nobody has TO CUT THEMSELVES IN HALF. &gt;&gt; SO THEN SO THEN THE PROBLEM IS what what we need then for redemption is more than Jesus merely dying for us seems wrong. Like but but but that THAT THAT THAT IS THE START OF THE PLAN OF REDEMPTION. BUT HE WAS NOT GOING TO STAY JUST THERE, BUT HE WAS GOING TO CONTINUE to bring you to a place OF GROWTH AND STATURE, WHICH MUST MEAN AT SOME POINT HE'S GOING TO HAVE TO COME DOWN himself &gt;&gt; to reveal the errors that have been happening in HIS OWN NAME TO SHOW US. NO, THIS IS WHERE IT IS. THIS IS ALWAYS WHAT THIS THAT THE CHRISTIANS OF ALL AGES HAVE BEEN STRIVING TO DO. BUT HERE I AM. IT IS NOT MERELY JUST WORD &gt;&gt; LETTER FORM. BUT NOW THE LETTER FORM IS BEING SPOKEN AND MANIFESTED BEFORE YOU &gt;&gt; IN THE LIFE OF A PROPHET OF GOD TO SHOW YOU THE FIRST FRUITS OF THIS IS WHAT YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE. &gt;&gt; YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; And you and you can be now BECAUSE I'M SHOWING YOU CLEARLY WHO I am now. So, so that's that's a that's some meat. And you could take me wrong when I just said that and think, well, what does brother Trevor think about brother Brandham now? And was he trying to say and no, I'm trying to say that he is not God. That is not what I'm, you know, &gt;&gt; but that God was using him &gt;&gt; to show us &gt;&gt; who Christ was &gt;&gt; to bring out doctrine that would be that which completed our redemption. Okay, we need to hurry through a lot of this. Okay. So, Revelations 10 1-7. Um, I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud, a rainbow was upon his head, his face as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire. He had in his hand a little book open, and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on earth. And he cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roarth. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write, and I heard a voice from heaven, saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not." And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted his hand to heaven. Swear by him that liveth forever and ever, who created heaven, and the things that therein are, the earth and the things that there are therein are, and the sea and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he's declared to his servants, the prophets. And then 8 through 11 is what the bride ends up doing with that revelation. And so let's talk about this mighty angel that has come down. Who is this mighty angel? What's going on here from the message the breach between the seven church ages and the seals? Brother Brandham says, "When the seals are broken, the mystery is revealed. Down comes the angel, the messenger Christ setting his foot upon the land and the sea with a rainbow over his head." Now remember the seventh angel is on earth at the time of the coming. &gt;&gt; So that means when the mighty angel comes down, that is Christ. But there is a man who is the seventh angel standing on the earth at the time of his coming. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Okay. Anointed ones at the end time. In the very day the son of man is revealed. Revelations 10 1-7. The seventh angel's message opening up the seals. What is it? Not the angel is the son of man, but the messenger is revealing the son of man. We've talked about why now. &gt;&gt; Why did he need to be revealed? For our redemption. For us to be in his image. He's got to be fully revealed, &gt;&gt; right? Can you be Can you get it separated? Now, this is where it seems to be so hard for you and it's been so hard for so many and many have walked away because they haven't been able to appropriately or properly separate Christ with the son of man or the angel on the earth at the time of his coming and to keep those and and many have walked away because people have other people have not done that appropriately. But it it's not impossible. We should be able to see it plainly. He's telling us &gt;&gt; not the son of man himself, but the seventh angel, the seventh messenger is revealing to the public the son of man. Because it's left a shock, you can't organize it. The grain itself. Again, &gt;&gt; the seventh and last ones of these seals when they're opened, it's found in Revelation the 10th chapter. There was a mighty angel which was Christ. And we read there in verse one, I saw a mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud. &gt;&gt; Seems pretty obvious. &gt;&gt; And where was the seventh messenger? Sitting on the ground picking a cockleber off of his boot. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. On earth. &gt;&gt; Right. So this like Revelations 10 HAS NOW BEEN physically manifested. This isn't prophecy anymore. THIS IS NOW PRO PROPHETIC &gt;&gt; fulfilled history. &gt;&gt; This is the Bible. &gt;&gt; And if you can say, well, all you people, you message people blah blah blah blah like Wolv. What do you think this is? You know, BECAUSE I'M TIRED OF THE JOHN ate bad pizza line of thinking, you know, because Christians, they honestly say these things. It's like, man, the book of Revelation is so hard to understand. And it's like John had bad pizza before he went to bed and God woke him up and he wrote all these things down. Really? Really? Because as a Christian, you also want to tell me on one hand that the Bible is the in inherent INSPIRED GOD BREATHED word of God. But somehow when we get to the book OF REVELATION, THAT SAME INHERENT INSPIRED GOD BREATHED WORD OF GOD BECOMES JOHN HAD BAD PIZZA and wrote it down. &gt;&gt; Hello. &gt;&gt; No. you. That doesn't MAKE ANY SENSE AT ALL. &gt;&gt; SO THEN WHAT IS IT? WELL, WELL, HERE WE ARE IN THIS MESSAGE. WE ARE SEEING GOD MANIFESTING HIMSELF TO THE POINT WHERE HE ALLOWED A PICTURE TO BE TAKEN OF A SUPERNATURAL cloud in 1963. Coincidentally, while a MAN WHO HAD JUST PROPHESIED TWO TWO MONTHS PRIOR IN HIS OWN CHURCH about a a constellation of angels COMING DOWN AND THERE BEING A BLAST AND KNOWING THAT HE'S GOING TO RECEIVE MYSTERIES from God &gt;&gt; and then he is there and then we take a picture &gt;&gt; and then HE GOES AND DOES WHAT? PREACHES THE SEVEN SEALS to reveal the opening of the word and the mysteries being revealed and to begin to and and many of the things he HAD ALREADY PREACHED, BUT THEN WE HAD THE CONFIRMATION of its truth because we knew who THE MAN WAS THAT GOD SENT. &gt;&gt; WOO! OKAY, so he had in his hand and verse two a little book open. Right. &gt;&gt; Well, where is where where have we seen him before? Where have we seen this book before in the book of Revelation? And so, if we were studying the book, we would understand that we would we would see in Revelations 4 the throne room. And John would begin to describe what he was seeing and the rainbow around the throne and the four beasts and the elders and everyone around the throne showing us what this throne was. And then in five, HE WOULD BEGIN TO DESCRIBE THIS ONE SITTING ON THE THRONE WITH THE BOOK IN HIS HAND. AND JOHN WOULD RECOGNIZE THAT BOOK WAS THE BOOK OF WHAT? &gt;&gt; REDEMPTION. &gt;&gt; The book with the names on it written FROM BEFORE THE FOUNDATION OF THE WORLD, BUT SEALED UP BECAUSE OF THE FALL. AND SO HERE'S THE BOOK SEALED UP. AND JOHN WEEPS BECAUSE HE knows that there's nobody worthy to open this book and my name is on it. AND IF MY NAME CAN'T BE READ OFF of that book, then then I can't be redeemed. &gt;&gt; Which is another way to say that the revelation of who HE IS IS LOCKED INSIDE OF THAT BOOK UNLESS THESE THINGS ARE RE REVEALED. AND SO THESE REVELATIONS THAT WE GOT IN THE SEVEN SEALS ARE DIRECTLY RETIED TO WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT YOUR IDENTITY IS. WHY? BECAUSE AS WE SAID, YOU'VE GOT TO KNOW WHO he is before you can KNOW WHO YOU ARE. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; SO, SO JOHN WEEPS BECAUSE HIS NAME IS LOCKED IN THERE BECAUSE OF THE SEALS AND HE CAN'T FIND ANYBODY WHO'S WORTHY TO OPEN. BUT THE LAMB, &gt;&gt; THE LION OF THE TRIBE OF JUDAH HAS PREVAILED. AND HE TURNS AND HE SEES A BLOODY LAMB COMING TO TAKE THE BOOK THAT WAS CLOSED AND SEALED. BUT NOW IN REVELATION 10, WE SEE HIM COMING DOWN WITH THAT SAME BOOK AND it's open. &gt;&gt; OH, THAT'S NOW, NOW THIS AIN'T BAPTIST DOCTRINE. &gt;&gt; RIGHT. &gt;&gt; RIGHT. &gt;&gt; SO, OKAY, we just talked about this. I saw a book written within and without on the backside sealed with seven seals. I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, the four beasts stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God sent forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat on the throne. And as we said in verse two, he now has his hand in his hand a little book open. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So the next thing we see, prepare yourself for heavy message doctrine. You should be scared. You should probably turn yourself off. Maybe brother Samuel should come up. And so you can see his facial reactions on whether or not he agrees with what I'm about to say because we're going to talk about donors. So, so like, well, but here it is, right? We come down. WE'RE LIKE, OKAY, CLOUD COME DOWN CLOTHED with a cloud, a book, little open in in his hand, and it's open and everybody's good with this. EVERYBODY'S LIKE, "WOW, THIS IS AMAZING. WONDERFUL." HE CRIES WITH A LOUD VOICE and seven thunders utter their voices. And we're like, like most like when I was growing up, most of the time, you know, I was like, "Okay, verse one, verse two, verse three. This is okay. Well, two. I'm good with that. Okay. Three, four, five. Standing upon the earth and time and six, time no more. Like, oh, that's way out. And then, so we like one and two, we're like his, you know, that's happened in 1963. We take the next four verses and we ship them off to the verse to the future. And then verse seven, we're like, yeah, that happened now in 63, too. And I was like, this never made sense to me. And so I'm not again just bear with me. I'm not trying to like seven thunders. This is a new revelation. No, I just but there's some things that brother Brennham says I think that we can consider and I think that it will be beautiful for us to see what's going on. Look where the voices was. Thunders not in heaven on earth. The thunders never uttered from heavens. They uttered on earth. Now if we're saying that if you look in Revelation, you're trying to if you're trying to understand a timeline of like the seven seals and and and you're trying to lay them down. the first four will lay down nice and neatly on a timeline and then you'll be like five, okay, I could probably place that but it's not really, you know, in continuity, you know, and then six you're like, uh, here that I don't know. And then seven, you're like, well, you know, the rapture is yet to come, but the shout has already happened. So, uh, now your timeline is blown to bits. And then you know you might at the either the beginning of the fifth seal or the end of the fourth seal you'll recognize brother Brennham says now we've seen what was going on on earth but now our view shifts and to see what's going on IN HEAVEN. OH, MAN. I tell you what, when I saw that, I was like, "Thank you, Lord." My brain feels so much better because time doesn't happen the same in I am space. &gt;&gt; In the in heaven, this is eternity. You can't like it impacts time, but it is not in time. What time is it now? Yes. &gt;&gt; That's what it is in heaven. Is it yesterday? Yes. Is it today? No. Yes. Yes. Tomorrow? Yes. It's just I am &gt;&gt; space, right? So you can't you can't but but if he's telling us the thunders are happening on earth that must mean they're happening in time. &gt;&gt; Okay. And so and I was about to write I heard a voice from heaven saying seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not. It's on the backside when a book is completed. Not did he say on the front side? On the backside after it's all done completed then the seven thunders voices is the only thing that's stuck to the book that's not revealed. It's not even written in the book. Okay. Oh my. I wish I could get that that people could actually Don't fail. Don't fail. Please don't. This time I'm fixing to leave you. Don't fail. You ever listened? Listened. Okay. So, we get to this paragraph and you know we like &gt;&gt; brother Brandon's saying this to you. He's like, "Look, don't look. Don't miss this &gt;&gt; point. Please over don't fail. Don't fail to miss this. Don't fail them. And you you're like, whoa, something big is coming. &gt;&gt; Are you ready? Okay. These seals are on the back side of the book. And at the time that the seventh angel is sounding, all the mysteries that are written in the book is completed. Immediately the book that was open and written is closed. The mysteries of God is finished. This is the mysteries of God. The going of the church and all these other things. The mysteries is over. When that seventh angel sounds, every mystery it's over. Let him be who he may be. Whatever it might be, God's word can't fail. And he said, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he's declared to his servants the prophets." &gt;&gt; Did you catch it? &gt;&gt; That deep spiritual mystery that you were not supposed to fail to miss. Well, remember as he's saying this, like we're like, "Wait, so don't fail to miss this message 101. Well, and it's like, well, wait, where's the thing? Where's the where's the thing I wasn't supposed to? Well, if you know, when he's preaching this in 1962, and is this the sign of the end, sir? This actually, you know, it actually hasn't been fully manifested yet. &gt;&gt; What he's saying to us is 101, 60 years removed. BUT TO THAT AUDIENCE, WHAT he's he's like, "LOOK, THIS IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN. Don't fail to MISS WHAT IS ABOUT to happen next year." &gt;&gt; And for us, it's like, "Hello." Like, I mean, man, I knew that from the time I was two. Brother Brandon revealed all the mysteries and this was what's going on, right? And so but but so it's just isn't it hilarious though that sometimes we read a paragraph like that and and we're like you know and then when we when we're like wait I knew that when I was two so what is it what is he actually saying? What is what's deep in here that I'm missing? Like stop calm down. This should be simplic this this is God hiding himself in simplicity. Right? So, if it seems like it's too hard, you probably trying too hard and you should just let the Holy Spirit guide you some more &gt;&gt; and relax and stop trying to make it say something. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Okay. The first seal, that's right. I believe that through these seven thunders will be revealed in the last days in order to get the bride together for rapturing faith. What's the point of the seven thunders? Get the bride together for rapturing faith. Okay, simple enough. Is that okay? Okay. Because what we got right now, we wouldn't be able to do it. There's something we've got to step farther. We can't have enough faith for divine healing hardly. We've got to have enough faith to be changed in a moment and be swept out of this earth. And we'll find that after a while, the Lord willing, we'll find where it's written. So, how many of you, now I'm I'm from the Jeffersonville area, so this is a very common thing for us. But how many of you ever heard the heard it said that brother Brandham said rapturing faith is on the tapes. Is that a familiar &gt;&gt; That's a familiar You've heard that. You've heard it. You've heard people say it. &gt;&gt; You haven't heard brother Brandham say it because it's a it's a pretty decent paraphrase of what he I I'm not contesting that the meaning is is not the same. But if you, you know, have the message hub app or the table app, amen, on your phone, so that you can connect with the word of God yourself. Because if this message is that which is showing us who Jesus Christ is so that we can be created in his very image, it would behoove us to be in that message. That seems logical to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, but if you were to take one of those apps and you were like, "Rapturing faith is on the tapes." You will zero results, &gt;&gt; you know? That's and that's annoying because you're like, "Wait a minute, everybody knows this. This is the MOST COMMON MESSAGE PHRASE OF ALL MESSAGE phrases and I can't find it." And then you're like, "Well, can I believe anything anymore?" But this is where that comes from. And I remember when he swept down there in a big light standing yonder the bottom of a river 1933 in June when he said as John the Baptist was sent to forerrun the first coming of Christ I send you with a message to the world to forrun the second coming of Christ and around the world she's went. Okay, who is she? Who are we talking about? Well, I sent you with a message to the world to forun the second coming of Christ. Around the world she's went. So the message he's he's referring to the message. This is what's gone around the world. Revival fires has been built for 15 years. Nearly every mountain. Divine healing across the nations and power and restoration. And I believe she who the message &gt;&gt; is ready to strike that final climax yonder to bring forth a faith that will rapture the church into glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What was the seven thunders supposed to do? Give us rapturing faith. And she is laying in the messages. So the message &gt;&gt; is laying in the messages. &gt;&gt; We're really at the end time and everything, but the thing has moved upon us now. Yeah. Here. Yes, sir. Here is one. That's right. This you can read this quote and it's amazing to me that people don't listen to the prophet. &gt;&gt; Because what is he saying? He is he is comparing his this this message that's gone around the world which is the what is the thing to prepare the bride to go into the rapture and that rapture those seven thunders are going to have to happen on the earth &gt;&gt; which means it's going to happen in time and IT'S SOMETHING THAT HAPPENS AFTER THE revelation &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; God and and and and and begin to begin to think through this now it's like wait a second this isn't this doesn't have to be some like some amazing new thing to come. Like, guess what? Here's what we need. We need five super powerful brothers with just amazing GIFT IN THEIR LIFE TO COME AND PREACH US INTO THE RAPTURE. &gt;&gt; Nobody likes them. I thought it sounded good if I was going to be one of those. No, I would hate that. No, God has already given it to us. Say, "Brother Brother Trevor, then why don't why don't we have it?" because it's like, "Do you have rapturing faith?" Yeah, I love that answer. This is like potentially because here's the deal. You could have it latent. You could have it dormant inside of you, but until that trumpet blows, you ain't taking a rapture. &gt;&gt; Rapturing faith works according to a law. Until it's time for the rapture, you don't take a rapture. Like, go ahead. If you have rapturing faith, personally rapture yourself right now. Go. I will I will change if you leave. I will change my doctrine right now. like, you know, like, but until it's time for the rapture, WE DON'T RAPTURE. SO, BUT WHAT'S going on? And you and and and you you begin to recognize, YOU KNOW, WE CAN ALL LOOK BACK 30 years ago, those of us that are at least, you know, 30 and can, you know, and can LOOK AND SAY, WELL, YOU KNOW, MAN, HOW DID I understand this message 30 YEARS AGO AND I CAN TELL YOU I DIDN'T UNDERSTAND IT LIKE I do today. &gt;&gt; Right? And I can preach things like this to to to actually elders in the faith and their minds ARE BLOWN GOING, "HOLD UP. I NEVER SAW IT LIKE THAT. THIS IS AMAZING." AND THEN A RENEWED LOVE FOR THIS MESSAGE BEGINS TO TAKE HOLD IN THEIR LIFE BECAUSE THEY BEGIN TO RECOGNIZE THERE'S A THERE'S DEPTH THAT I NEVER SAW BEFORE. WHAT IS THAT? BUT THIS IS the seven thunders LAYING IN THE MESSAGES ALREADY RECORDED FOR US. BUT TO BUT TO PROGRESS US BY WHAT? LINE UPON LINE. PRECEPT UPON PRECEPT. WORD UPON WORD. I MYSELF. HEY, &gt;&gt; brother Samuel can CORRECT THE DOCTRINE OF SEVEN thunders later if he needs to. But but WHAT BUT WHAT AM I LOOKING FOR? RAPTURING FAITH. HOW DO I FEEL LIKE I'M GOING TO GET IT? BY LAYING IN THE WORD OF GOD. &gt;&gt; WHY? BECAUSE TO BE REDEEMED, I NEED TO see who he is. It just it just it doesn't have TO BE THAT HARD. THERE DOESN'T HAVE TO BE SOME super the seven thunders. New mystery coming at you at our convention this July. Come on. &gt;&gt; We've done that for far too long. We've been looking for SOMETHING ELSE WHEN CHRIST WAS LAYING HERE RIGHT BEFORE US IN HIS WORD FULLY REVEALED IN THE REVELATION OF WHAT HAS HAPPENED IN REVELATIONS 10:ES 1-7. IT IS DONE. IT IS FULFILLED AND WE are living in those pages. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So then time no longer because then if the seven thunders you know then okay then these one foot on land one foot on sea and time is no longer and so and that's you know it's like well then and so you know the amount of message false doctrine that happens right here is pretty amazing &gt;&gt; because we get into whether he's on the mercy seat or off the mercy seat if time is no longer then can my kids be saved all of these things and everybody there's a lot of people who say things all kinds of different ways and at the end result is is that your kids can still be saved. &gt;&gt; Like no m like everybody's doctrine allows for their own children to be saved generally unless they're like super extreme and have mental issues. &gt;&gt; Praise God. We pray for them, right? Yeah. You know, like so, so there's, you know, well, anyway, I should really getting in trouble here. So, so, so, but what are we like what's going on here? because if it's connected to the seven thunders, which is this laying in this message's idea of bringing us to rapturing faith, well, what's going on? So, brother Brandon begins to to deal with some stories here, and he'll take us into Abraham and Sarah, and this is some more not Baptist doctrine here. Notice what happened. Immediately, she turned back to a lovely young woman showing in there, portraying what he's going to do to the royal seat of Abraham to receive the son that's been promised. Sounds raptury to me. She turned back into a young look. They when they went down into Ger and what happened? Aimilec the king fell in love with her. She said she's fair and beautiful. Was going to marry her. Is that right? Old grandma and all them other pretty girls down there. Granny. She's beautiful. Fair to look upon. God changed her body and turned them back. It's a mystery that's to be revealed now in this day by the son of man. See the evening message. See, turned back. I just love this. God is so amazing. He held this mystery until the evening message to the mystery THAT THAT GOD CHANGED ABRAHAM AND SARAH'S BODY THAT God sent a messenger with a promise. And at that there was a point in time though they'd have a promise for 24 years prior to this that they were going to have a son, but yet a messenger came. And at the point that messenger came, A CLOCK OF BODY CHANGE STARTED IN their lives. &gt;&gt; And they journey into career BECAUSE SO NOW WE'VE GOT A MESSAGE THAT REVEALS THIS MYSTERY, BUT IS ALSO DOING THE EXACT same thing to the people it's revealing THIS MYSTERY TO. &gt;&gt; BUT HE'S GOT TO OPEN THAT MYSTERY SO THAT THEY CAN RECOGNIZE THAT CAN HAPPEN TO THEM. BECAUSE ISN'T THAT WHAT'S GOING ON WITH THE RAPTURE? IN A MOMENT, IN A TWINKLING OF AN EYE, AT THAT LAST TRUMP, WE SHALL BE CHANGED. &gt;&gt; WELL, GLORY. &gt;&gt; SO, they turned back. What was the LAST SIGN THEY SEEN? WAS discernment before THE CHANGE OF THE BODY. SO, BROTHER BRANDON WILL COME AND PREACH A MESSAGE. WHO IS THIS MELZDC? HE'LL GO THROUGH THIS STORY AND TURN HIS BACK AND DISCERN THE THOUGHTS OF THE HEARTS OF THE PEOPLE BEHIND THEM JUST LIKE MELZDC did in the days of Abraham and Sarah WHEN HE SAID, "WHY DID YOUR WIFE LAUGH?" &gt;&gt; NOT TO SAY THAT BROTHER BRANDHAM WAS MELZDC, BUT THAT THE SON OF MAN WAS REVEALING THE SON OF MAN. &gt;&gt; RIGHT? SO THAT WE COULD SEE THE TIME IS NOW, THE CLOCK IS STARTING, THAT THE BRIDE WOULD COME INTO THEIR BODY CHANGED JUST LIKE ABRAHAM AND SARAH DID. &gt;&gt; WOO! GLORY. And before we can ever receive the son, what happens? The trump of God shall sound. The dead in Christ shall rise first. &gt;&gt; A new body. We are alive and remain shall be changed. In a moment, the twinkling of eye, caught up together to meet the Lord in the air. The secret has been made known. The seals are open. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. The trumpet sounded for Israel. Two prophets ready to appear. What is it? The church must get off the scene right now so they can appear. He can't deal with two at the same time. So then he'll come into the sixth seal. You know, the one before the seventh. Just throwing that out there. And he'll tell us a little story. And you you probably know the story. And I'm almost done, but I'm hot. So this is not again just I'm just getting warmed up to preach now the Lord a little story if I'm not taking too much of your time now and and he'll go and he'll talk about this story and and um I feel he says I do this for a purpose till I feel the spirit just right to start this is a sacred thing see who knows them things here nobody but God and they're not supposed to be revealed and proved by the Bible that they would be revealed till this day that's exactly right? They was guested at and now we're supposed to get exactly the truth, vindicated truth. So he's talking about truth, vindicated truth, all this revelation happening. But but but but right now I just I just feel to tell you a little story in the sixth seal right before the seventh before the rapture. In this story, he begins to talk about this this this man from Chicago who's the son of of the guy that owns the factories and it's so rich and, you know, so marriageable. And so this guy, he goes out west and and they're throwing parties for him and all the girls are out getting their best on and they're going to these dances and all of these things. And then and there's this little cousin and you know, she's kind of I don't know what happened to my slides. Sorry. Has it been like this for a long time? Okay. And and and um yeah. And and and so, you know, he goes out west and and then there's this little cousin to all of these other girls that, you know, that are dressing themselves up and you know, she's kind of the servant among them and you know, she's the one washing the dishes and doing all of this stuff. And he begins to notice her. He's going to these parties and all this, but he begins to notice this one. And he begins to notice how she carries herself. And and one day, you know, he recognized that she'd, you know, she'd take the the water, the wash water, and he she'd throw it out, you know, and in her in her pan, you know, and so he wanted to meet her. And so he goes and he, you know, he just waits cuz he knows about now he she should be coming out to throw out the wash. And he puts his foot up on the, you know, up on the fence and just kind of where there waiting. She comes out, she throws the wash water, you know, and he's like, "Hello." And she's like, "Oh my goodness." you know this the guy the guy like oh boy that's it's not just a guy it's the guy this is the guy everybody's trying to catch right now and you know what's he doing standing here where I throw wash water out and he begins to talk to her and he's like I've noticed you I've seen your character I've seen how you do this and I you know it's no secret I'm trying to find a wife you know he tells the story in the sixth seal right before the seventh seal have I talked about that yet anyway and so I'm looking for a wife. And so he sees and and and he begins to tell I've seen your character. You're what I'm looking for. And and you know, would you would you marry me? She's like, I'm just, you know, lowly, despised, &gt;&gt; not accounted for as anything, kind of looked down on and made fun of. I'm not the fancy church. I'm not all of this. Why would you want me? Because I've seen your character. &gt;&gt; Would you? And here I am. I've come to you to present myself before you to reveal to you that I am a bridegroom looking for a bride. &gt;&gt; And she agrees. So they get they up and get married. No, no, they don't just up and get married. They got all the fancy stuff there. There's parties going on. Hey, just just make it a wedding and let's go. No, no, no. I'm going to come back. &gt;&gt; So he reveals himself to her. And then he goes and says, "I'm going to come back according to a specific time &gt;&gt; and then I will come and I will take you away." &gt;&gt; That's a nice story. It's just such a beautiful It's just a beautiful message story. Time shall be no longer because there was a moment then in time when he proposes to her and she accepts and he says, "And I'm going to go away and I'm going to make a place ready to take you for." And she's sitting there and she's dressing herself in the word. She's believing the promise. They're making FUN OF HER, BUT SHE'S LIKE, "NO, HE WOULDN'T COME FOR YOU. Who do you think you are?" And she's laughed AT AND SHE'S SCOFFED. BUT THROUGH ALL OF THAT, her faith in what he said and who he presented himself as, never wavered. And that day CAME AND SHE WAS SITTING DRESSED IN THE garments showing that she believed his word. And he came AT THE TIME APPOINTED. SO THERE WAS A MOMENT IN TIME when he proposed to her and revealed to her that she was the one he was looking for. THERE WAS A MOMENT IN TIME AND THEN I WILL GO AWAY AND I WILL COME BACK. BUT A CLOCK STARTED. &gt;&gt; There was A POINT WHERE TIME &gt;&gt; THERE WAS A CHANGING OF TIME THAT TIME WOULD BE NO LONGER I WILL COME BACK. &gt;&gt; AMEN. AT THE SAME TIME THAT THE SON OF MAN COMES DOWN AND REVEALS HIMSELF AS A BRIDEGROOM. &gt;&gt; Just a little story. So, we get into chapter 11 and and we're really coming down on time. But, you know, as we said that this was to the Jews, we can look at that in verses 1 through3. Um, measure the temple of God. That tells us now we're talking if we're measuring the temple, but and then it'll say, don't measure the courts. uh this court which is without the temple, leave out, measure it not, for it is given unto the Gentiles. So what are we talking about this chapter? We're transitioning. This is Jews. Don't talk about the Gentiles. Why? Cuz they're cuz they're going up in Revelations 10. Okay? So, and I will give power unto my two witnesses. They shall prophesy 203 score days, 1,23 score days clothed in sackcloth. And this is this is a three and a half year period. And this is the last half of the 70th week of Daniel. Wish we had tons of time to dive into that fun topic. But you know, so God, but what we understand is that we know that Jesus died in the middle of that week. There's three and a half years of ministry left to the Jews, but they were blinded for our sakes. Why? &gt;&gt; So that we could we could be in the palace, &gt;&gt; right? And so we will liken this and we understand and I hope that maybe we'll because I'm going to go through this really fast. Um so I hope that you are generally aware of of many of these things. But Pharaoh called Joseph's name Zephanfa. He gave him to wife Azeneth, the daughter of Piphapara, priest of so. So here Joseph is in Egypt. He's been rejected and and and he comes, you know, and but now he's he's risen up and and he's given a bride. And I always think it's so great because Abraham, you know, he he and Sarah wanted to find a good wife for Isaac. And then Isaac, you know, he and Rebecca, they want to find a good wife for Jacob because Esau, Esau got a wife and just they did not, they were not happy. And so it's like, no, no, no. We got to make sure that Jacob gets a good wife. And so it's like, man, get a good wife. Get a good wife. Get a good wife. Then we come to the story of Joseph and he's given a idolatr's priest's daughter. And then the Bible just goes on and it's like yeah no big deal like this is no no qualification no like and it was okay because like no it just goes on right but then we understand as the story progresses where is this wife she is in the palace as Joseph is making himself known to his brethren she's in the palace behind him &gt;&gt; just like we will be in the marriage supper &gt;&gt; right and so Joseph could not refrain himself we move the story along to verse chapter 45 before all them that stood by him because caused every man to go out for me. And there stood no man with him while Joseph made himself known to his brethren. And he wept aloud, and the Egyptians and the house of Pharaoh heard. And Joseph said unto his brethren, I'm Joseph. Does my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him, for they were troubled at his presence. And Joseph said unto his brethren, come near to me, I pray you. And they came near, and he said, I'm Joseph, your brother, who you sold into Egypt. Now therefore, be not grieved nor angry with yourselves that ye sold me hither, for God did send me before you to preserve life. And so, um, brother Brandon will say, "Where will the gentile church go at the rapture?" into the palace. The bride, hallelujah, the bride will be taken off the earth into the rapture. Then when he returns, his bride isn't there. when he makes himself known to his brethren, the Jews, those who pierced him, those who rejected him, but his wife and his loved one, his close friends, their his own god- sent companions had in the temple. Brother Brandon will say in the first seal, Joseph, when he looked at them, he couldn't stand it, no longer. Remember his wife, his children was in the palace at the time, the saints gone out of their of their presence. And so, we're very familiar with the story just for time. I'll just skip skip through this. And he says he makes himself known. The Bible says as we come to it, he makes himself known to that 144,000 there, that little Benjamin of today. And so some of the scriptures that are referenced here, as we just put a few of these things together quickly, I will pour out of Zechariah 12:10, I will pour out of the upon the house of David, upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and supplications. They shall look upon me whom they pierced, and they shall mourn for him as one that mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as one that is in bitterness for his firstborn. And in Zechariah 13:6, the one shall say to him, "What are these wounds in thine hands, and he shall answer those which I was wounded in the house of my friends." So, just to bring all of this together really quickly. Um, here we have this this timeline. I need to swap it out with one of the better ones from Sister Sue. But we we we we understand that we're going to go up at the rapture and we're going to be in the palace during this tribulation period time of three and a half years. But it's a tribulation period for the Gentiles, but also yes, sort of for the Jews. But it is that those two witnesses come back. What are they those two witnesses doing? They are doing to the Jews the same thing brother Brham has come and done to the gentile church to to prepare them for the coming of their Lord. &gt;&gt; And isn't that what the message was supposed to do? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To prepare them for the coming OF THE LORD. WHAT IS IT? THIS MESSAGE ISN'T ABOUT A BUNCH OF DOCTRINES THAT YOU NEED TO DO TO BE BETTER PENTECOSTALS. NO, IT IS A MESSAGE THAT IS COMING to present to you who Jesus Christ is that you might be like him at his coming. And the Jews, the the two witnesses will begin to do this to the Jews. AND THEN JESUS WILL COME AND DO WHAT? MAKE HIMSELF KNOWN to them before the seventh trumpet and the rapture OF THE 144,000. SO IN Revelation 11, you begin to see this last three and a half year period. Jesus is going to what is he coming TO DO TO THE JEWS. JUST LIKE JOSEPH making himself known to the brethren. This is what's happening to the Jews. &gt;&gt; So Jesus is going to come at the last days for the Jews and do what? Make himself known to his brethren. And they're going to be like, "What? You have you're the Messiah. Why do you have why do you have prince in your hand? Why do you have a mark in your side? WHAT'S GOING ON BECAUSE YOU REJECTED ME. BUT WHAT is really happening? He's making himself known to them and the and when he makes himself known to them, &gt;&gt; they are redeemed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because think about this in the story of Joseph. Joseph, you know, they come and they're like, "Hey, Jacob, we need grain." They come to Joseph. Joseph, can you give us grain? Joseph gives them grain. They were going to die because, you know, there was a famine going on. And so they get grain from Joseph and and you know, well, are they redeemed? They have grain. They won't die. But are they redeemed? No. They go and, you know, but he does this test and he keeps Simeon. And they go back and they're like, "Hey, uh, we're running out of grain, Jacob. We're going to have to bring Benjamin." And finally he relents and they go back and Benjamin's there. They have a nice supper. There they are with Joseph. Are they redeemed? No. He gives them grain. Are they redeemed? No. What if he says, "You know what? These are my brothers, but I don't I I just, you know, I'm still kind of mad at them, but I don't want them to die, and I don't want my dad to die. I don't want Benjamin to die. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to Pharaoh, and I'm going to say, Pharaoh, you know, um there's these 70 people from um the land of Canaan that I would like to put in Gan. Would that be okay with you?" And Pharaoh would be like, "Yeah, I mean um okay." Like, Joseph, you've never let us down before. This doesn't make sense. why this random 70 people, you know, and like, well, yeah, but it's just, I don't know, something I feel like we should do. Okay, Joseph gonna trust you. Are they redeemed? Well, they're in goan and they're going to survive the famine. They're not redeemed yet because at any point in time, Pharaoh could be like, "Look, these random 70 people are problem. Let's just, you know, let's just move them out. Let's we'll send them back to Canaan. &gt;&gt; They're not redeemed. They have no They have no assurance. Boy, I just caught this one. They have no assurance. &gt;&gt; They're just random 70 people in Egypt surviving off of what Joseph is giving them. &gt;&gt; But they have no identity that gives them an assurance that they'll stay there. &gt;&gt; But then, but then Joseph comes and he takes off his Egyptian garments. He stops speaking in Egyptian and he starts speaking into Hebrew and he says to them,"I am Joseph your brother." &gt;&gt; And at that moment they are redeemed &gt;&gt; because their identity with the one revealing himself to them is known. And now they're not random 70 people in Goan. They are the ch they are the kin to Joseph himself &gt;&gt; and no one will take that from them &gt;&gt; and this is what's happening in revelations 11. What a beautiful story. &gt;&gt; So what do you think is happening in Revelations chapter 10? Is it any different? Because you know we have people leaving this message or doubting what's going on. But I would just like to say that this absolutely makes sense. When we look at these things in parallel and begin to recognize like you can like if you walk away from this message, it's like what does the book of Revelation mean? IT LIKE I WHO knows &gt;&gt; who KNOWS BUT THROUGH PROPHETIC INSIGHT, we begin to see and what we begin to see that's HAPPENING IN REVELATIONS 10 IS not just some man coming to make his ministry something great that PEOPLE WOULD FOLLOW. NO. BUT WHAT WE BEGIN TO SEE IS EXACTLY WHAT IT SAID WOULD HAPPEN HAS HAPPENED. AND CHRIST HAS CLOTHED WITH A CLOUD, A RAINBOW AT HIS FEET, HAS COME AND PRESENTED HIMSELF TO SOMEONE TO WHAT? TO A TO A BRIDE. &gt;&gt; BUT NOT NOT JUST TO A BRIDE. BECAUSE FOR A GIRL for for a girl to be a bride, THERE'S GOT TO BE SOMEONE THAT COMES AND SAYS, "I'm a bridegroom." &gt;&gt; You know, I would always talk about like Zion, you know, before he got married, he's, "Hey, Dad, I'm going to get married in March, you know, maybe before he was dating Camille." It's like, "I'm going to get I'm going to get married in March." Oh, really? That's that's nice. You know, does she know? You know, it's there's a like I get that you want to be married, son, but there's a process, &gt;&gt; you know. I you know what's so great, son, is that you've recognized your capability to be a bridegroom, to be a husband. That's wonderful. But there's a there's something you're going to have to do before you can actually be married to a a bride. And you're going to have to you're going to HAVE TO LOOK OUT THROUGH, you know, all of messageddom because under no circumstances should a believer ever marry an unbeliever. and you know and then you're going to have to select the ones in that that are actually true believers and that's going to be a fun process. But you know anyway we'll stop with the dating advice and we'll just continue on with what we're saying and and you know and and and you know and there's going to be this one and you're going to ah maybe and you're going to get to know her and then going to come to a place where finally you're like yeah this is the one and you know but you have to tell her. So, what you have to do is you have to this I hope this is helping you guys. So, what you're going to have to do is you're going to have to reveal yourself to her as a bridegroom. And you know, typically what that looks like is this. This is what revealing yourself as a bridegroom looks like. And then she, you know, has that reaction that you got on drone and five cameras and friends in the bushes and all of that, you know, and and and and you know, and what happens in that moment? She caught a revelation of what YOU WERE TRYING TO say &gt;&gt; about who you were &gt;&gt; with respect to who she is. What do YOU THINK? REVELATIONS CHAPTER 10 IS &gt;&gt; THE MIGHTY CHRIST coming down revealing. No one no one had. THIS ISN'T BAPTIST DOCTRINE. NO ONE TALKS ABOUT BEING THE BRIDE OF JESUS CHRIST THOUGH IT'S THERE IN REVELATION. NO ONE TALKS ABOUT IT. BUT HERE IN THIS LAST DAY BECAUSE GOD FULFILLED HIS WORD AND MANIFESTED REVELATIONS CHAPTER 10 AND IT HAS HAS absolutely happened. Christ has come down to reveal who he is and THAT HIS POSITION AS A BRIDEGROOM LOOKING. OH, it's just a it's just a little story about this bridegroom looking for a bride. No, IT'S NOT JUST A LITTLE STORY. IT IS THE STORY. This is the story of redemption. THIS IS WHAT GOD HAD IN HIS MIND FROM BEFORE THE FOUNDATION OF THE WORLD. AND WE ARE LIVING IN THE DAY OF HIS COMING. NOT JUST TO DIE FOR US AND PURCHASE THAT REDEMPTION, BUT TO COME AND REDEEM US BACK TO WHO HE ALWAYS MEANT FOR US TO BE WHEN WE WERE IN HIS MIND BEFORE the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; BUT HE HAD TO COME AND REVEAL HIMSELF AS A BRIDEGROOM BEFORE WE COULD EVER BE HIS BRIDE in that city. I could go on, but then we we better not. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, what's going on? He's making himself known. &gt;&gt; What is this message? He's making himself known. &gt;&gt; And if we, you know, and if we say this message is Christ, A lot of people struggle with that because they think that we're trying to equate Brother Brandham with Christ or that, you know, following a prophet with Christ. No, that's not what's being said. When we say this message is Christ, what we mean is is what God, you know, I love that song. I I didn't plan it. You know, my kids, they they sang Red Letter. How we needed those red letters. You know, it wouldn't bother me one bit. Oh, I don't have my message book in here. I need to get that over here. But if I had a message book and if I told you like, hey, wouldn't bother me one bit if all of this was red letters. I know that would stumble some people, but I just want you to understand that this this me like the reason that that that brother Joseph had the original the inspiration to call it voice of God recordings is because brother Brandham said, "I am God's voice to you &gt;&gt; is because brother Brandham was the seventh angel on the ground at the time of his coming. The one it's all we're saying is is God HAD TO USE SOME GUY TO SAY IT. HE HE USED THAT GUY AND VINDICATED THAT guy &gt;&gt; so that he could speak his truth to us that who he was. &gt;&gt; And it is like how do we leave it unplayed? HOW DO WE LEAVE IT UNLISTED to when this is the THING THAT IS PREPARING US FOR RAPTURING FAITH? WHY IS IT PREPARING US? BECAUSE WE'RE SEEING THROUGH WHAT'S BEING SAID THE IDENTITY OF HIM AS A BRIDEGROOM TO US AS HIS BRIDE. AND UNTIL YOU RECOGNIZE HE'S A BRIDEGROOM AND YOU PERSONALLY ARE BRIDE, YOU WILL NEVER BEGIN to make yourself ready. You will never begin to putting THE WEDDING GARMENT ON SO THAT YOU CAN BE SITTING THERE WAITING FOR THE WHEELS OF THAT BUCKBOARD AND THE SOUND OF THE HORSE'S HOOF TO BE COMING ON THE DAY APPOINTED. YOU'LL NEVER BEGIN THAT IF YOU HAVEN'T heard if if you haven't seen him doing this TO YOU. &gt;&gt; AND GOD DID THAT IN THIS REVELATION 10 story. AND THAT IS this message. &gt;&gt; The whole point. &gt;&gt; The whole It's a beautiful little story &gt;&gt; right there in the sixth seal right before the seventh. &gt;&gt; Just a cute little western tale. No, it is the story. &gt;&gt; It is the story of redemption. &gt;&gt; So redemption is not to bring us to mere sinlessness. &gt;&gt; Redemption is to bring us to being the in the in the fellowship that he always had intended that we would be with him. &gt;&gt; Blessed be the name of the Lord. Shall we go to prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, how amazing, &gt;&gt; how mighty, how wonderful, Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; that you would, Lord, that you would condescend, that you would come and as a man, and that you would even die on a cross for us. But, Father, that that was only one step in the whole plan. It was never your purpose to to merely die on a cross, that we would just believe that you did that, that we would be sinless. But then Lord, you wrote the book of Revelation which was the works of the church in the oncoming ages and how then the culmination would be of your entire purpose Lord. And we find ourselves living, oh Lord, what all ages from from the beginning of time till now has looked for is that redemption, &gt;&gt; that restoration of being with you. Father, we are now living. Father, this can't just be mere story. This can't just be mere coincidence. Lord, this must be the divinely inspired word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, and as your prophet would say that we now by God's grace have the perfect interpretation of the word of God with divine vindication, Lord, you have made yourself plain before us. Forgive us, Father, where we we don't look to it, where we don't value what you've given to us, Lord. Your word of promise that that that has started a clock to say, "I am coming back for you." Oh, come quickly is all we can say. For we make ourselves ready, Lord. We clothe oursselfves in your promise, Lord God. We clothe ourselves in the word of proclamation that you desire us to be your bride. And so, Father, we say yes, I am willing, oh God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, anoint us to hear. Anoint us, Lord Jesus, to receive. Oh, Father, may may we be transfixed &gt;&gt; by the revelation of what you have done in our day and who it means you are and who it means we are. &gt;&gt; Bless us now, Lord. We ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Sing a song, brother. &gt;&gt; Draw me close to you. &gt;&gt; Never let me go. &gt;&gt; Me go. &gt;&gt; I lay it all down again. to hear you say that I'm your friend. &gt;&gt; You are my desire. &gt;&gt; My desire. &gt;&gt; Oh yes you are. No one else will do. &gt;&gt; No one else. No one else. Cuz nothing else can take your place &gt;&gt; to feel the warmth of your grace. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Help me find the way. &gt;&gt; Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all worth every day. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Draw me close to you. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's a love story. Never let me go. I lay it all down again. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; To hear you say that I &gt;&gt; I'm your friend. &gt;&gt; You are my desire. No one else will will do &gt;&gt; nothing else can take your place &gt;&gt; to feel the warmth to feel your grace. &gt;&gt; Help me find the way. Oh, that's this message. &gt;&gt; That's what he's given to us. He wants you to come. He wants to be with you. Hey, you're all I want. Oh, you're all I needed. You're all power. Help. We know you are near. Oh, you're all I want. You're all I ever needed. You're all how me know you are near. Help me know you are near. Help me know you are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How do we know &gt;&gt; he's near? &gt;&gt; Is it because we feel the rush of the wind, the moving of the spirit? Is it Is it because we feel that And that's wonderful. And we love those times. And he comes and he vindicates his word. And he comes and he makes this word real. But how do we know he's near? We know because he said he was. How do we know that he even wants us to want him because he said he did? Is this song merely just our expression of feeling for him that Lord, you're so good, so we want you. Or is this is is this an expression of recognizing that he's actually said this first that he that that is what the expression of this word is that that's what the expression of this message is IS TO SAY I WANT you &gt;&gt; I want you in relation &gt;&gt; THAT'S WHY GOD HELP ME TO KNOW YOU'RE NEAR. Well Lord you've already told me you're near. Lord if Lord I want more than just feeling. I want anchor. I want truth. I want revelation. I want it to be so deep on the inside of me that I am yours and that you are coming for me and that we will never be separate. That when the stormy clouds come, Lord, it is no sign of your disapproval, but it is just me growing into who you are. Lord, I want this so deep. I want this revelation TO HOLD ME. HOW ARE WE GOING TO GET THAT? HE GAVE US HIS WORD. HE SPOKE IT TO US. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word OF GOD. HE GAVE US RAPTURING FAITH ON THESE MESSAGES. This message laying in these messages to bring us TO RAPTURING FAITH. WHAT IS THAT DOING BUT anchoring in OUR HEARTS OUR IDENTITY AS HIS BRIDE? &gt;&gt; WHEN GOD SAYS YOU'RE MY BRIDE, &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. That's why divorce is so terrible is because it's because it breaks down the fabric of the revelation that when God says you are my bride, it can it will never be revoked. It will never be taken away. He will marry you and never leave. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's assurance. That's knowledge. &gt;&gt; When when Joseph's brothers, it was revealed to him that that we are the BROTHERS OF THIS THE GUY IN CHARGE. NOTHING CAN TAKE that away. &gt;&gt; You are the bride of the guy in charge. YOU ARE THE BRIDE OF JESUS CHRIST. He doesn't believe in divorce. He will never put you away. He will He WILL NEVER TAKE IT AWAY. &gt;&gt; You can you can you can sit there and be anchored in his word and the knowledge &gt;&gt; seated already &gt;&gt; with him in heavenly places. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is who I am. And the only reason I KNOW THIS IS BECAUSE THE SEVENTH ANGEL WAS HERE AT THE TIME OF HIS coming &gt;&gt; and God recorded it for me. &gt;&gt; That's what this message is to us, friends. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank God I heard. &gt;&gt; Thank God I heard. &gt;&gt; So the next time you're thinking, God, I want to know that you're near. &gt;&gt; Put on a tape. Press play on your app. &gt;&gt; Cuz if you can SING, YOU'RE YOU'RE ALL I WANT. You're all I've ever needed. &gt;&gt; I just I just need to know you're here. &gt;&gt; You know, maybe sometimes the bride would just want to be reminded. You know, we'd look back and oh, you know, there's a reason we record our our engagements these days. You know, because we can we can video them and now you can look back on those memories and oh those times was so wonderful. We can look back in that history and remember the time that he came and got me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Every morning on my way to work for 25 minutes, I'm reviewing him coming to me and saying, "I'm a bridegroom and you're my bride." &gt;&gt; I I man, I just I can't help it. I'm a hopeless romantic. I just I just I just I just I need that in the morning. I need 25 minutes of just going, you know, I really love you. You know, I'm a pretty great guy and I like you, man. &gt;&gt; That's a beautiful way to start the day. &gt;&gt; This is church. This is how we know. This message is what reveals him to us. The mighty God unveiled before us as a bridegroom to a bride. I find my identity in him because he fulfilled his word and he sent us this message. So now let's sing. You're all &gt;&gt; You're all I want. You're &gt;&gt; Oh, you're all it's all I've ever needed. &gt;&gt; You're all I want. We know you are near. You're all You're all I want. Hey, you're all I ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are need all I want. All that I ever needed. Ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. Help me know you are near. Help me Lord know you are near. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. I think that song um I can't think of the name. He say it again. Yeah. Yeah. Sing that one. I need more of you. That's the way it's got to be. fighting for you till there's no room left in me. All those wastes, &gt;&gt; hours and minutes, they're yours now. From the start to the finish, &gt;&gt; I need more. &gt;&gt; Yes, I need more of you in me. I need more. Yes, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Fill me with nothing. &gt;&gt; Fill me with more of you, Lord. &gt;&gt; More of you. Till your love and the world could have the rest. I could never get enough of your grace, your peace, your warmth, and your love. I need more. I need more of you. Jesus living in me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just stand. Amen. It's just been so wonderful. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To be in the house of the Lord. And you know, it's I can just say I say amen. I &gt;&gt; amen. &gt;&gt; That's it's where we stand. And you know, one thing that brother Brandham he told us and and I I wanted to say it like this. You know, you don't brother Brandham described the message. There's so many different analogies that's given and he'll he'll use the analogy where we've all seen pictures and you're looking at a picture and there's something inside of that picture and you have to look at it long enough. You know, it's like it's like when you look at the FedEx symbol. All we see is FedEx, but there's something inside of that symbol. If you ever look at it again, there's actually a symbol in there. When you look at the Dunkin Donuts sign, there's actually a symbol inside of there. A lot of times we just look at this. We just look at, oh, I I see that. But there's actually a number wrote in there. And that's the way it is with many different things. But brother Brandham will liken that in trying to do God a service. He takes us one of the last messages that he preaches. He says the message that's how it is. There is a message within here and that's Christ. That's who the message is. That's who's being revealed. And he said it like this. It's like whenever you you know what I'm talking about with those pictures. As soon as you see that in that picture like that arrow in that FedEx sign, you cannot unsee it. &gt;&gt; Right? And that's why brother Bram says when you once see this message, you can't see nothing else. So, I'd say it in this way. You know, we've all been in things. You know, sometimes people can just be talking to you and they're saying this to you and saying this to you and and you either you either got to be honest because you don't want to feel dumb and say, "No, I don't see it. you're out in seems like you're out in left field or I'm looking at this picture and you can be all be standing and the curator of the museum is pointing things out and you're sitting there and everybody's like, "Whoa, wow my." Now, there could be some of them wo and wows and my that they're just under peer pressure. &gt;&gt; The next PERSON IS LIKE, "WOW." AND THEY'RE DOING WOW. THEY REALLY DON'T SEE IT, BUT IT'S WOW. It's We call that fear of missing out. Now it's called peer pressure. Personal revelation is not peer pressure. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; What God was speaking today is to even if you don't see it in that way to where it's come to really affect your life, ask him. Say, "Lord, make yourself known to me. Reveal yourself, Lord." That's why the prophet said, "Let us pray and ask God for a fresh revelation, lifegiving, and then by that revelation become the living word made manifest." &gt;&gt; Cuz when you once see it, you can't see nothing else. And when you see it, you actually see who you are and what God's ordained you to be. That's powerful, friends. It's powerful. What do we want to do? We want to embrace deity. &gt;&gt; Embrace the God who is revealing himself of who we really are. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and I I just I say that in that way that I would not be too proud to say, "God, make yourself known to me in that way." Because I I'll just say it, friends, if if what if if the message is not a relationship and the message if all you can see is a code of conduct and laws, you're not seeing it. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. You're not seeing it. And I don't say that to put anybody down. I'm just trying to say that's not what this message is. This message was not a code of conduct. This message is Jesus Christ being revealed. And I I think it's something that we could take home from this message right here and say, "Lord, make yourself known to me." And I think every one of us have things to pray about because when when it's revealed, that's not the summit. That's the beginning of Christ in your life. Because the stature of a perfect man, that's it begins with a new birth and then it comes all the way up. And so it's Christ being formed in our lives. I just I this is why to me friends this is why listen it's why you can't tell somebody what to do or you need to do this and you need it has to be God reveal himself &gt;&gt; if God doesn't reveal himself which he wants to you know how brother you know what brother M says he wants to reveal himself &gt;&gt; he wants to make himself known he wants all to see I just take hold of that here this morning and say, "God, just let me see it in that way." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me see it like when I look at that FedEx sign. When I look at them that them BaskinRobin sign, that Dunkin Don, let me see it, Lord. Let me see the message within this message. &gt;&gt; Because I don't want to just see words. I want to see you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So beautiful, isn't it? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's why the coming of the Holy Ghost can only come through the revealing of his name. &gt;&gt; The Holy Ghost cannot be delivered through a Pentecostal doctrine. It can't come through Baptist doctrine. The Holy Ghost can only come as he reveals himself to be the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's God, and he changes not. Don't you love him? &gt;&gt; Don't you appreciate his mercy and his grace here? Amen. Here this morning. Amen. Brother Trevor, thank you. Thank you for yielding to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just so appreciate it. So appreciate it. Amen. Amen. Amen. What a what a privilege it's been. And Amen. The whole the whole weekend's just been a just a wonderful wonderful weekend. Amen. In the word of God. Amen. We're so thankful for God's grace. Amen. Among us. Amen. And let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. And I think we could just all just even here just give thanks to the Lord. &gt;&gt; Maybe this will be a moment that you ask God, Lord, I I want to see it in that way that it affect my life and take us deeper, Lord. Heavenly Father, thank you for your grace, Lord. What a privilege it is, Lord, that in this hour that God, that you would speak and you would speak to our hearts. Lord Jesus, it isn't anything that we have done to merit nothing at all. But Father, it's your grace that's has broke forth upon our hearts, melding down our will, bringing us to surrender. Lord, it's it's all your work. Lord, we have absolutely not one thing to do with it except surrender. Oh God, what an awesome choice that's given to us, Lord, in your presence. I pray, Father, Lord, for each and every one of our hearts here this morning, God, how endearing you are with your presence among us. I pray, Father, as we would, Lord, prepare to leave from the presence of one another, dear God, from this building. But may we take, Lord, the words that have been spoken. And I pray, Father, oh God, by the revelation of God, become the living word made manifest. Lord Jesus, I believe, Lord, I'm standing, Lord, among believers, honest hearts, that Lord Jesus, we're not here to ooh or awe because somebody else ooed or a we're not trying to fit in with a group. Your prophet told us it's not a collective revelation. It's not a group revelation. It's an individual revelation. So Lord, your desire, we've heard it over and over through the message here this morning. Your desire is to make yourself known to us to bring such an assurance, such a stability in our life, a real rest in our hearts. I pray father for each and everyone Lord God let it be Lord Jesus and may Lord I pray as we continue to grow more and more and more in your likeness Lord feeding on this word the unfailing body word of the son of man this word Lord is changing us Lord &gt;&gt; Lord we're so thankful dear God, bless your children as we go our separate ways. I pray for brother Trevor and the Eman family, Lord, as they would travel back home. I pray that God that you would bless their trip going back home. May the angels of God just take their position, Lord, once again. Guide them home safely. And may you pour back into them, Lord God, as they have poured out, Father, this weekend for us, Lord. We thank you, Father, for Brother Trevor. Thank you for his family. Thank you, Lord, for the gift, the friendship. Oh, God. We appreciate, Lord, every one of your gifts. We love you. We thank you, Lord. We ask your blessing and that you would just go with us. And Lord, we pray God for even as was prayed here earlier as brother Shane was min me ministering Lord for sister Rachel Atkins Lord that God that you would so guide the hands of the doctors and the surgeons Lord and Father may your presence just fill that room dear God and Father just Lord Jesus bring such a strength Lord in into her body. I pray Father through recovery Lord. Father, we ask these things all in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. Why don't you turn and shake hands with somebody as you're being dismissed? Say, "God bless you." Amen. God bless you. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; It's a lovely, lovely name. The name of Jesus. It's a lovely, lovely name. The name I love. It's a lovely, lovely name. The name of Jesus. It's a lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely day. It's a preious, precious name, the name of Jesus. Oh, it's a preious, precious name, the name of God. Oh, it's a preious, precious name. the name of Jesus. Oh, it's a preious, precious, precious, precious name. It's a holy, holy name. The name of Jesus. It's a holy, holy name. The name I love. Oh, it's a holy, holy name. The name of Jesus. It's a holy, holy, holy, holy. In moments like these, I sing out a song. Sing out song to Jesus. Moments like these. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Sing. I love you in moments like these. I sing out a song. I sing out a song to Jesus in moments thy knees. I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Sing me. I love you. You didn't have to open my eyes. Could have easily passed me by for the age I was living in. Wretched, broken, and blind. Then I heard recognizing your day, serpent seed and perfect faith of preaching the message of grace. Lord, I thank you. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve the stories revealed in me? Thanks for that special life. When I saw your glorious life, you face to face with me tonight. Not even in my wildest dreams did I think I see such things as the coming of the Lord. Rapture mystery I have heard but now I see not in simplicity. Spoken word is the original scene. Lord, I thank you. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glories revealed to me? Thanks for that special life. made a song glorious face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank you. Lord, thank you for that special night when I saw you light face to face with eternal life before I
