################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-08-16 - 2024-08-16 Bro. Andrew Glover - Snatched By A Divine Hand - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-08-16
Title:    2024-08-16 Bro. Andrew Glover - Snatched By A Divine Hand
Speaker:  Andrew Glover
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 31m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZD-bvNdI2g
========================================

Description:
Andrew Glover - Snatched By A Divine Hand
Friday, August 16th, 2024
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, [Music] let your power. Let your voice be heard. [Music] our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, [Music] Holy Spirit. [Music] [Music] That's your [Music] touch. [Music] down. Let your power, [Music] let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, pray now one more time. Holy Spirit. [Applause] Where we Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] special power [Music] as we stand on your word. Rain down Holy Spirit softly Holy Spirit rain [Applause] down. Oh, rain down. Oh my comforter. [Music] How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit, rain now down. Let your power, let your voice, oh come in as we stand on your word, Holy Spirit. [Music] Amen. Is that our desire this evening? Amen. [Music] Oh my Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty [Music] my comfort I power [Music] all that I see. Oh sh to the king and the ru and the sound of your name. Amen. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Oh, forever I learn forever. Oh, nothing compares to the proise I have. My Jesus, my savior, Lord, there is none like all of you. I want to praise the wonders of your mighty. [Music] My comfort, [Music] my comfort, my shelter. Tower ofu. [Music] Oh [Music] sh [Music] and Yes. Heat. Let me [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Don't we serve a mighty God? Amen. Amen. Well, these are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. [Music] way. The voice of the seven angel righteousness be resto [Music] of famine and darkness. Story of the voice in the desert crying prepare the way of the Lord. Behold, oh shining like the sun. Oh yes, there is still sal. And these are the days of his. The trials become of your service. rese. These are the days of the heart. The field [Applause] and we are your sh Oh yes. Oh sal. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no guy like you. There's no like [Music] shining like the sun. The earth behold behold. Oh, heat, heat. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Can we voice the second last song? I know the mash of the wind. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. I hear a story for this. There was a man. He was a diplomat and he had a journey he would actually he had to go on sometime soon. He'd be traveling around the country around the world and he had a small daughter and he decided that I'm going to take my daughter with me and on this journey they met countless people. So this little girl felt like they met millions of people. They went to different homes and different breakfastes, different lunches. Met some people and all these people felt they knew they knew her father so well. They had a story to tell about her father. Finally, they had some time for themselves. The father asked his daughter, "How do you like it so far? How do you like the journey?" With a little sarcastic grin on her face, she says, "Daddy, it seems like you know everyone but God." And sometime I thought about that sometimes it's like that with us as believers. You have all these relationships, all these stories with other people, but then the one savior who saved us and this myself sometimes whether at work, school, that one relationship that matters the most. Do we know him well? What stories do we have? What testimony did our God do for us? Amen. I know the master of the wind. Amen. Amen. Oh, my boat of life sails on a troubled sea whenever there's a wind in my sail. But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into [Music] know. Oh, I know. I know. Oh, he can come and make the sun shine again. Oh, I know the master of the wind. Sometimes, sometimes I like an eagle through the sky. Among the beats, my soul can be found. A unexpected slow from the high brings me. Oh, I know the master. It's personal. Oh, I know. I know the one that healed me. I know the one that changed my life. He can make the sun shine again. Oh, I know the master of I know. Oh, I know the master. You know him. What has he done for you? I know the way. He can fall or make the sun shine again. I know the master of just our voices. Oh, I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. Oh, and he can fall. Oh, make the sun shine as brother Barry comes. I know the master of one more time. Oh, I know the master of the wings. I know the rain. He can calm the storm, make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar all together. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. [Music] can be bound. An unexpected storm may drive me from life. Brings me low, but it'll never break me down. The same one is here tonight. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can call the stor again. I know the master of the wind. Hallelujah. Do you know him tonight? Hallelujah. If you have a need, maybe make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. Amen. We just want to remember the the sister that's having a baby tonight. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for your presence, Lord. Amen. We thank you that we don't have to call upon you and invite you to come here. Lord Jesus, we know that you're already here because your word declares where two or three are gathered together in your name that you're there. And Father, we take you at your word and we're so thankful that you're here. We know that you're not here to give us a good feeling, Lord Jesus. Lord, just to give us a good appearance, Father. But Lord, you're here to change us, Father, from glory to glory, word cell upon word cell, Father. Lord, tonight, if there's anything in our lives that might hinder your spirit from moving inside our gates, we just, Father, ask that you would forgive us for it, Lord. If there's any iniquity in our hearts, Lord, Father, remove it from us. We ask, Lord Jesus, just like David said, that one that was, Lord, a man after your own heart, Father, create in me a clean heart tonight, Lord Jesus. Father, let me examine myself tonight, Father. Let me lay on my face before you tonight, Lord, that you would speak to me, Lord Jesus. Father, we just ask that you would minister unto us, Father, the words of life that we need. Thank you for bringing brother Andrew here safely. Lord, we know that you've put a burden on him for this body of believers here in Calgary. And tonight, Father, we're so thankful and we're willing to accept that word tonight, Lord. Father, we pray for each and every need that was made known unto you by way of an uplift hand. Father, the defiance of gravity to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Lord, one more time, we just invite you, Father, to meet the needs. Father, we pray that you would be with Sharon Rose Stone, the the niece of Brother Jerry and Sister Mary, Lord, as she delivers her first baby, Father. Lord, we pray that you would be with Brother Bosch in New Zealand, Lord Jesus, dealing with the most painful affliction known to mankind. Oh, Father, we know that you're more than able, Father, we pray that, Lord Jesus, you would come on the scene in a mighty way for these needs, Lord, that you would receive all the glory. Father, tonight we just ask now that Lord, as we begin the the most important part of the service, Father, that Lord, you would just be glorified in in all that's said and done, Father, we we love you and we thank you tonight, Lord. We commit each life into your hands, Father. Each word that's spoken for your glory, Lord Jesus. And Father, we'll be careful to give you the praise. We just ask all these things now in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. I just want to make a couple of quick announcements before we sing All Is Well. We'll sing that chorus as we invite Brother Andrew to come. All is well. We've heard the message shalom. We have the breakfast tomorrow morning and uh we'll have service tomorrow night at 6:00 p.m. and then a regular service Sunday morning with a potluck to follow at our place. and we'll be aiming to uh begin at 2:00 on uh on Sunday after the service. God richly bless you. I just don't want to get in the way of the spirit tonight. All is well. All is well. Is it well with you tonight? We have heard the message. [Music] I'm perfect behind the [Music] rest. [Applause] One more time if it's well with you tonight. Oh, all is well. We have heard the message. All is well. [Music] There is a place perfect rest behind the veil. So rest little bride rest for all is well. Amen. God bless you this evening. Amen. How many that's your testimony tonight? Amen. You may be facing a lot of situations and things going on, but Amen. There is a rest in the heart of the believer tonight. Amen. We have an assurance that that rest goes beyond just a church or beyond just a preacher. Amen. But we have hope which is an anchor. Amen. And our anchor is within the veil. And you know, I love how the prophet of God talked about it one time. He said there was a boy out there flying a kite. Amen. And he said sometimes that he said sometimes that kite he said he would wonder if it was still up there when he would get on the other side of the clouds. He said but then all of a sudden he'd feel a little tug and he said he knew it was still on the other side. You know sometimes you look at the situations of life and the pressures and things going on and maybe you wonder sometimes the devil puts pressure upon you. Is there really a future? Are you really going to make it? But then all of a sudden you feel that little tug. Amen. You know there's a theophony somewhere pulling on you and there's a anchor within the veil. And you know I believe that's what we've come here for tonight is Amen. to receive something from him. Don't you? Amen. Maybe we just bow our hearts together tonight for a word of prayer as we open these meetings. Let's just invite the angel of the Lord to come among us in a special way this weekend. I know there's many needs and many situations, but we are well able tonight to take the land and we believe the promises of God. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have come here this afternoon, Lord, on the first night of these meetings, Lord, gathering here on this Friday afternoon, Father, we've not come here for just another service, Lord. We've not come here just for a gathering or a protractive meeting. But Lord, we've come here because there is a deep calling to the deep. And Lord, at the noise of thy water spouts, you said you would answer. Oh God. Lord, our hearts are hungry. Lord, we're thirsty, Lord. Lord, we're not hungry for an idea. Lord, we're not thirsty for just another church service, but Lord, we're longing for the reality of the living God. Yes, Lord. The living God that moves among us and does living works and many signs and wonders follow after the manifestation of your presence, Lord. Father, as we open our hearts to you tonight, God, we're inviting you, Lord. Father, may you come among us in a special way. Lord, you see the needs of your children here, Lord. Father, you know what they're facing, what they're going through, Lord. Father, I as a man, I do not have the ability to minister to the needs of each one. But Lord, your prophet has taught us if we can get ourselves out of the way that Lord, the gift that you placed in the life of the minister can begin to operate. And Lord, you can begin to deal with the needs of your children. So, Father, we invite you, be the speaker here this weekend, oh God. Lord, may your anointing that destroys the yoke of the enemy, oh God. Father, may it come among us in a special way. Lord, may healings take place in bodies, Lord. Father, may deliverances take take place in minds, oh God. Lord, may empty vessels be filled with the Holy Ghost, Father. Lord, if there be one growing cold upon you tonight, I ask, oh God, there would be a cold of fire come up off the altar. And Lord, may it touch the lips of your servant, Lord. Father, we ask you to forgive us of our failures, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings, oh God. Lord, draw us closer to thyself, Lord, and we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory. In the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. God richly bless you this evening. If you have your Bibles, while you're standing with us, we will invite you in the scripture. We want to go to the book of Isaiah, the book of Isaiah, the 59th chapter. Amen. And then also, we're going to go to the book of Matthew, the 14th chapter. Amen. Amen. And while you're turning there tonight, we do want to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We sure do count it an honor and a privilege to be here once again with you in in Calgary and to have this opportunity to come and minister to you again. We thank brother Mary for the invitation and the confidence to stand here and amen. We sure thank the Lord for allowing our pastor to cross and the friendship the Lord has given us. And we just pray the Lord will come by this weekend and do something special for you. Amen. Isaiah chapter 59 and verse number one. The Bible here says, "Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened." Amen. "That it cannot save." Hallelujah. "And neither his ear heavy, Amen. that it cannot hear." Hallelujah. His hand is not shortened that it cannot save. Amen. And neither is his ear heavy that it cannot hear. So there is a direct connection between the hand of God being able to reach out and the ear of God being able to hear the need of the hand that it's reaching to. Now in the book of Matthew the 14th chapter, St. Matthew chapter 14, it's a very very familiar reading. In Matthew chapter 14 and beginning in the 25th verse, Jesus here has just come out on the water and he's calmed the storm. And in the 25th verse, and in the fourth watch of the night, Jesus went unto them walking on the sea. And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, "It is a spirit." And they cried out for fear. But straightway Jesus spake of them, saying, "Be of good cheer. It is I. Be not afraid." Amen. Now, I love what Brother Bram says. He says the very thing that could help him the devil was trying to make him afraid of it. Now here in the in the 28th verse and Peter answered him and said Lord if it be thou then bid me come unto thee on the water and he said come. And when Peter was down out of the ship he walked on the water to go to Jesus. But when he saw the wind was boisterous he was afraid and beginning to sink. Now watch. He cried saying Lord save me. And immediately Jesus stretched forth his hand and called him and said unto him, "Oh, thou of little faith, wherefore didest thou doubt?" And when they were come into the ship, the wind ceased. Then they that were in the ship came and worshiped him, saying, "Of a truth, thou art the son of God." Amen. We ask the Lord this evening to add the blessing to the reading of his word. As you can have your seats here this evening, I want to Amen. by the help of the Lord for just a few moments to speak to you tonight. And if I would title this, I want to talk to you for a few moments on snatched by the divine hand. Amen. Snatched by the divine hand. And you know, amen, as I read this here, I'll say this. I do not believe that God, amen, is interested in replacing us. Ra rather, I believe he is interested in rescuing us. No matter what you're going through, no matter what you're facing, no matter what the problems or situations may be, Amen. I am a firm believer that God, amen, sees that there's more victory, amen, in rescuing you than there is replacing you. Now, when you look here at this word snatch, the meaning of the word snatch, it means to quickly see something, amen, in a rude or eager way. It means to quickly secure or obtain something when a chance presents itself. It means to eagerly take or to accept an opportunity. Amen. Or an offer. So I got to thinking about that how that anytime, Amen. the Lord would snatch something, Amen. to the devil, the way he does it is a very rude way. Amen. But God is a gentleman. Amen. He's only taking what rightfully belongs to him. Now in the book of Matthew the 14th chapter the 31st verse he says immediately that Jesus stretched forth his hand and he caught him and said unto him oh thou of little faith. Amen. Wherefore didest thou doubt? Now when you look here at this word caught, it means to lay a hold of. It means to take possession of. It means to overtake. It means to attain, to lay hold of or to seize upon anything with a hand. It means to take a hold of. Amen. To rescue one from peril. It means to help or to secure. So here Peter is actually coming out on the water. Amen. And he's doing something. Amen. That it's going to take a God to do. A a a a more a natural mortal man. Amen. He cannot just walk out up on the water. Amen. Unless he is accompanied by a supernatural power. So Peter steps out on the water and he begins to walk, Amen. But as he's walking, he begins to take his eyes, amen, off of the Lord Jesus Christ. And he begins to put him on the wind, amen, and upon the waves. And Peter begins to sink. And the prophet of God said, when he started walking on the water, he thought he was getting along. All right. See how big I'm doing. But he started sinking. He didn't say, "Amen. Well, I guess it fell on down to the bottom." Amen. A few bubbles come up and that was all of it. See? Amen. No, he cried out. Amen. So here Peter is walking on the water. Amen. But he begins to sink. Amen. But he does not accept the fact that he's sinking. Amen. But he begins to cry out and say, "Lord, save me." Re said, "Amen." And that eternal hand, amen, reached down and picked him up again. Amen. As he's walking on the water, he is not accepting. Amen. That I'm sinking, but he begins to remember, amen, there's a God who can come on the scene, amen, and can save me from the condition I'm in. So, we begin to cry out. Remember said, "What did he do?" He cried out. Now, I love this. He said, "Peter, Amen, was in the line of duty." Amen. Peter was in the line of duty. He said, "Now, you Christians tonight, you're in the line of duty." Amen. And you're trying to follow the leading of the Holy Spirit. Amen. And maybe a cancer grabs you or a death grabs you. Amen. A tuberculosis grabs you. Whatever it is, amen. But in the line of duty, you have the same right. Amen. That Peter had. Listen. Amen. Peter had a right to call out to God. Amen. In the middle of a condition where he was sinking and he said, "Lord, save me or I'll perish." In desperation, he called out. Amen. And a hand reached and picked him up. He said, "Now, you have the same thing." Amen. But I want you to catch something. Amen. It was not just up to the hand, amen, to reach out, but it was up to Peter, Amen, to recognize the condition I'm in. Amen. I can't get myself out of it. Amen. Amen. in the condition I'm in. I'm going down. Amen. But there's a God who has the ability, amen, to save me from the condition I'm in. And Peter began to scream out, "Lord, save me." He said, "Then we find out in the sinking, amen, that God heard him." Amen. I want you to catch something about that. Amen. That the sinking of Peter did not shut the ears, amen, off of our Lord Jesus Christ. He could still hear Peter's desperate cry. Amen. And the prophet of God said in the line of duty, he started to sink. Now, he failed. He said, "No matter if you fail," Amen. That don't have nothing to do with it. We all fail now. Amen. That's a powerful point to me. Amen. We all fail. He said, "We are a failure to begin with." Amen. But we got somebody standing now. Amen. With a strong hand. Amen. We're all a failure to begin with. Amen. But we got somebody standing now. Amen. with a strong hand who can reach us and take us. Amen. Above the water. Listen, Peter was not to be underneath the water. Amen. But Peter was to be above the water. Amen. But when he changed his focus from the Lord, amen, to the wind and the rain, he be to sink underneath the water. Amen. But he didn't belong underneath it. He belonged above it. Amen. So he did not just settle down and say, "Well, I guess this is the way it'll be." Amen. And sometimes I think that's what we do. Amen. Is maybe after a good meeting or after a good service. Amen. We're walking on the water. We got victory. We got joy. We got a song in our heart. We got a amen in our lips. And all of a sudden something happens and we begin to fall. We begin to sink. Amen. But can I say this? Do not settle. Amen. For failure and sinking. Amen. You are not to be underneath Leosa. Amen. You are to be above Leosa. You are not to be underneath sickness. Amen. But you are to be above it. And there is a hand that can reach down. Oh, thank you, Lord. And can pick you up. Now, I love some of these quotes just lay a foundation here on the hand of God. 1953, brother says this. He said, "His hand can do all things." Again, in 1957, the greatest gift in the Bible, he said, "It takes the hand of God to do something for man." 1964 he said God delivers by his hand. Amen. So the hand of God can do all things. Amen. It takes the hand of God to do something for a man. Amen. But God also can deliver by his hand. He said, "No man come to me except my father draws him first." See, it's God seeking man. You have nothing to do with it. If you ever felt the hand of God, Amen. knock at your heart. Amen. You are a privileged person. If you ever felt the hand of God knock at your heart, you are a privileged person. Now, in the book of First Peter chapter 5, Peter actually instructs us, amen, to humble ourselves, amen, underneath the mighty hand of God. Yes. Now, watch this. That he may exalt you in due time. Look at this word hand. It is by the help or the agency of anyone. Amen. By means of anyone. Figuratively it is applied to God and symbolizing his might, his activity and his power in creating the universe and upholding the preserving amen. God is present amen and he is protecting and he is aiding one in punishing and in determining controlling amen the destinies of men. So the hand of God has the ability, amen, to not only create, amen, but it also has the ability to sustain what has been created. That's why the prophet said in the church age book, he said, not only is he the creator, amen, but he is also the sustainer. Now I say this, the hand of God, amen, actually has the ability, amen, to control the destiny of a man or a situation. Now look what Peter says. He said, "Humble yourself under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time." That word due time, it is a fixed and definite time. It is the time when things, amen, are brought to a cross, to a crisis. It is an opportune, amen, or seasonable time, amen, it is the right time. Now, you all know that the same hand, Amen, that has the ability to humble, amen, is the same hand that has the ability to exalt. In other words, the hand of God can bring low and the hand of God can bring high. Now listen, we see that manifested, brother, I'm talking about on the Titanic. He said there they built that big ship. Remember? He said they built that big ship. He said the Americans jealous of their sister England. Amen. They built a ship and they call it the Titanic. And they said not even God could sink this ship. He said but God with his mighty hand, Amen, showed the world that it cannot stand. He said, "Now listen, if you won't listen to the voice of a preacher, Amen. then you'll listen to the hand of God in judgment someday." He said, "The rock and roll all stopped on the Titanic." Amen. And the bands begin to play near my God, to thee. He said, "See, because someday, amen, you're going to change your tomb." Let me say this. The hand of God has the ability, amen, to cause an individual, amen, to change the tomb that they're walking to. Amen. the hand of Satan. Amen. Had them walking to the tune of rock and roll underneath a halty arrogant spirit. Amen. That not even God himself, Amen. can sink can sink the ship. Amen. But God with his mighty hand. Amen. Changed the tune from rock and roll. Amen. Unto near my God to thee and showed them that he is a God and there's no man can raise above him and there's no man can withstand him. Listen, humanity must remember, amen, that we are not the potter. Amen. We are the clay. Amen. And the clay doesn't say to the potter. Amen. But the potter says to the clay. I love Jeremiah 18. It says, "Oh house of Israel, cannot I do with you." Amen. As this potter, Amen, sayeth the Lord, behold, Amen. as the clay is in the potter's hand. Amen. So are ye in my hand, oh house of Israel. Re said, "You have to be born sons and daughters of God. If you want to give yourself to drink or the world or any kind of divination, things like that, that's up to you." See, amen. Using it for the devil. Sure. It's the devil got a hold of you. When God born you here for a certain thing, amen, to do a certain thing and you let the devil get a hold of you. Now, you all can agree that you was born to be sons and daughters of God. See, but you let the devil get a hold of you and you want to become glamour girls and populars and everything else like that. Amen. Humble yourself. Amen. Before the hand of God, amen, so God can make sons and daughters of God out of you. Listen, friends, I believe it's time, amen, that we welcome, Amen, the divine hand of God into our churches, amen, into our homes, into our families, among our young people. See, oh, brother says, "Heavenly Father, Amen. want you tonight, Lord, take each one, Amen, into your hands." See, grant it, Lord, and open faith to their heart, and may the Holy Spirit do exceedingly and abundantly tonight, Lord, as they're waiting. Another place, he said, God takes something that's nothing. Amen. Something that's been cast out. He said, "See, that's what makes me love God's people." Amen. See, now watch. Amen. may cast them out as holy rollers or illegitimate people, but that's when God's ready to pick them up. God's ready to pick them up and do something with them. See, it pleases him that shows that he's God. Amen. He can take nothing and make something out of it. He can take a sinner like me and make a Christian the hand of God. Listen, we underestimate, Amen, the power and the ability of the divine hand of God. He can take a sinner and make a Christian out of him. He can take a drunk and make a preacher out of him. He can take a prostitute and make a mama out of her. He can take a broken situation and take it to the potter's house and let the hand of God come upon it. He has the ability, amen, to change the destiny. Listen, I don't think psychology can do it. I don't think a creed can do it. But I think Jesus Christ who is the same yesterday, today, and forever has all power in his hand. And he's able to change. He's able to transform. He's able to deliver. He's able to snatch. Amen. When we speak of this divine hand. Of course, you know, amen. We are speaking of the hand of God. When you read through the message, you will find brother Brandham. Amen. Refer to the hand of God. He will call it the divine hand. Amen. He will call it the unseen hand. He'll call it the supernatural hand. One place he'll say it's the creative hand. He'll say it's the master's hand. It's the mighty hand. Listen, it's the tender hand of Jehovah. He said, "Watch, it's an eternal hand." Amen. It's an unchanging hand. Now, I got to wondering what is Amen. his unchanging hand. How many's heard that? Amen. God's hand is unchanging. Rem comes along. He says, "Hold." Amen. to God's unchanging hand. He said that's his word. Oh my. Amen. So his word, Amen. his unchanging hand. Then whatever the word can do, it can never change. Whatever the word can create, it can never change. Amen. See, it's not a man's hand. Amen. It's the unchanging, eternal, creative, Amen. powerful hand of almighty God. Now, as you read to the Bible, just some scriptures here, amen, of the divine hand. In Deuteronomy 5:15, it says, "Remember that thou was to serve it in the land of Egypt, and that the Lord thy God, Amen, brought thee out fence, amen, through a mighty hand and by a stretched out arm." In Joshua 4:24, he said, "That all the people of the earth, Amen, might know that the hand of the Lord, it is mighty." Amen. That you may fear the Lord your God forever. I love in Psalms 98:1, David says, "Oh, sing unto the Lord a new song, for he hath done marvelous things." Now, watch this. His right hand and his holy arm hath gotten him the victory. So, there is now a direct connection between the hand of God and the arm of God and victory coming in the church. My goodness. Amen. Sometimes I think that we forget how powerful the hand of God is. Now in Revelation chapter 1, Amen. John there on the aisle of Patmas, you all know that he has a vision and it's actually called, Amen, the Patmas vision. And he actually saw the sevenfold personage of Jesus Christ. Re said, see what he saw was he was watching Jesus Christ unfolding. Now, brother Brand begins to break those down and he comes down to the fifth fold of the revealing and he said, now see right there, he had seven stars in his right hand. Revelation 1:16, he had in his right hand seven stars, and out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword. And his countenance was as the sun, amen, that shineth in his strength. And when I saw him, he says, I fell at his feet as dead. Amen. I love this. And he laid his right hand upon me. Amen. He laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, fear not. Amen. For I am the first. Amen. And I am the last. Amen. I don't mean to stop and start preaching here, but it's just on me. Amen. Do you remember when Jesus come walking on the water and the devil got in the ship and begin to interpret to the disciples that it was a spirit and the father of God said they become afraid of the only thing that could help them. You remember what Jesus said? He said, "Be not afraid. It is I." Amen. What he done was he rebuked the fear by identifying his presence among them. He said, "Listen, do not be afraid. It is not a spooky spirit. It is I, the Lord. And when John fell at his feet as dead. Amen. And the fear come upon him, he laid his right hand upon him and said, "Do not fear, John. I am the first and I am the last. I am he that was dead, but I am alive forever more." I tell you what the devil's trying to do. He's trying to grip our churches with fear. He's trying to grip our young people with fear. He's trying to grip our worship with fear. But I say the same Lord Jesus. Amen. That walked on the water to Peter has come right among the church. And he's rebuking the fear by identifying who he is among the church. Fear not. I am the first. I am the last. I am he that liveth and was dead. And behold, I am alive of I forever more. And I have the keys of death and of hell. Re said those seven stars in his right hand. Amen. They are the angels or the messengers. Amen. Said, "See, what does the hand of the Lord represent then? It represents the strength." Amen. And the power of the Lord. In the church age book, he said their strength was from the Lord. Or they could have never stemmed the tide. They were safe in his care. Amen. For nothing, somebody shout nothing. Amen. Nothing could pluck them, Amen. out of his hand. Neither can anything separate them from the love of God. Let it be sickness, peril, nakedness, famine, sword, life, or death. Amen. They were truly yielded to him and they were kept by his omnipotence. Friends, that's a shouting point. Amen. You're not keeping yourself. Amen. But the omnipotence of almighty God is keeping you from the dangers. It's keeping you from the sicknesses. It's keeping you from the troubles. We are not here by ourselves, but we are accompanied by the hand of God. It's a powerful hand. It's a creative hand. It's the tender hand of Jehovah. It's not a man's hand. It's the hand of God. That's why Jesus come along and said, "My father which gave them me is greater than all." Amen. And no man, somebody shout, "No man is able to pluck them, Amen. out of my father's hand." Amen. No man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. Now, heavenly father, they are yours. See, they are trophies of the message. They are trophies of the word, the trophies of Jesus Christ. And you said, "No man, Glory to God. No man can pluck them out of my father's hand." He gave them to me. Amen. No man is great enough to do that. Come on, church. No man is great enough to do that. He said, "So keep them, Father, and send them forth as fire brands." Amen. Send them forth not as icicles but as fire brands that have been snatched from the fire and make them burning for your kingdom. I commit them to you in Jesus Christ's name. Now you all heard that phrase before. Amen. Fire brands. Amen. Snatch from the fire. Do you know where that actually come from? It came from John Wesley. Amen. Who actually said, "I am a fire brand who has been snatched from the fire." What happened was is a four-year-old boy, John Wesley's house caught on fire. And the and the history tells us that there was a hand that snatched him, amen, out of the flames to safety. Then again later, he began to pick that up and he connects that to his salvation. And he says he was snatched from the flames of hell when he was headed towards a loss, amen, of both body and soul. Amen. So the first time he was snatched, he was headed for a loss of body. Amen. But when he was snatched a second time, amen, the flames of hell was trying to destroy his soul. But there was a hand that saw an opportunity, amen, to snatch John Wesley and it pulled him from the devil's grip. Church of the living God. Amen. We were born in sin. We were shaping iniquity. We come in the world speaking lies. But there was a hand that was bigger than a man's hand. It was bigger than a preacher's hand. And it came down upon the sea in our soul. And it snatched us from the flames of Leodysa. It snatched us from the creeds and the ideas of a man. Yes sir. Heavenly Father, may the Holy Spirit come and shake every person in here and fill them with the Holy Ghost right now and snatch them as fire brands. Snatch them as fire brands out of the fire. Amen. Just before the coming of the Lord Jesus, catch them, Father. Listen, before the devil traps them somewhere and they be carried away. Listen, I believe we were snatched, Amen. by the divine hand. Amen. To be believers. Amen. I believe that. I believe we were snatched by the divine hand to be believers. Brother said, "Every true believer is in the hand of God and can draw from his love and his power and receive the full benefit of all that God is to the believer." My goodness. Amen. Every believer is in the hand of God and can draw from God all his power, his love, and receive the full benefit of all that God is. Can I say this? We were not snatched, amen, just to be church members. We were not snatched just to be religious people. But according to 1 Peter 2:9, ye are a chosen generation. You are a royal priesthood. You are a holy nation. You are a peculiar people. That you should show forth the praises of him who called you out of darkness. Amen. Into his marvelous light. Listen, you didn't find your way in this light. You were snatched by this light. You didn't find your way in this message, but the hand of God snatched you. Amen. Some of us were in creeds. We were in dogmas. We were in tradition. Amen. On the streets or wherever. Amen. But the hand of God, Amen, reached down and snatched us. Pull us out, brother. The Bible said a chosen generation. Now, can I say this to you? A chosen generation is a blessed generation. You know why we are blessed? According to the Bible, the Bible, Reverend picks this up in the church age book. He says, "Another glorious revelation is in this typing of Joseph. Joseph while in Egypt, Amen, was given a gentile bride. And through her he received a family of two sons which was Ephraim and Manasseh. Now Joseph asked his father to bless the two boys. Remember that? And he placed them in front of Jacob. Amen. So that Manasseh, the firstborn, would be on Jacob's right. Amen. And Ephraim was to the left. But as Jacob was about to bless them, he crossed his hands. Amen. So that the right hand fell on the younger. And Joseph cried out, "Not so, father." Amen. For the firstborn to your right. But Jacob said, "God, Amen. cross my hands." So this was more than just Jacob's hands. Amen. But this was God, the divine hand, had crossed Jacob's hand. He said, "Now here in type, we see that the blessing which belonged to the firstborn, the Jew, was given over to the younger, the Gentile." He said, "Through the cross, the crossed hands of our Lord Jesus Christ." Amen. The blessing comes through the cross. Listen friends, don't you ever forget the reason that Gentiles are blessed. Amen. Is because of the cross of Calvary. The Bible said Christ hath redeemed us. Amen. From the curse of the law, being made a curse for us. For it is written, cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ. That in order that we might receive, Amen. the promise of the spirit through faith. Listen, the blessing of Abraham came to the cross. Amen. To the Jews or to the Gentiles rather because the Jews rejected the cross. Remember the Jews, they rejected the cross. Amen. Therefore, Jesus got the Gentile bride. So by the Jews rejecting the cross, Jesus got a gentile bride. Reverend said this transpired in order that the spirit might become available to the Gentiles. So without the cross, amen, the crossed hands of our Lord Jesus, there is no way that we as Gentiles, amen, could receive the blessing of Abraham. But because of the cross, amen, because of the crossed hands, Amen, we are Gentile people who was alienated and without the commonwealth of God has been made nigh by the blood of Jesus Christ. Listen friends, I don't care if you're broke. I don't care if your car don't work. I don't care if your house is falling apart. If you got the Holy Ghost in your soul, there is a blessing of Abraham resting upon your life. Yes, sir. The Holy Spirit was poured out and the Jews rejected it. Amen. Jews rejected it and the Gentiles received it which was a type of this bride. See, now watch. And the bride of Jesus Christ, she will be miserous Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. She will be baptized in his name. She will be filled with his power and she will be robed in his righteousness. Hallelujah. There she is. Listen, the blessing of Abraham has come upon the Gentiles and has made you a gentile bride and you're not robed in churchity. You're not clothed in creeds. You're not wearing dogmas and traditions. Hey, but the hand of God has come upon your life and has filled you with the power of God. He said, "The same power, Amen, that spoke the world into existence is in those people." Yes. Amen. The same power that spoke the world into existence is in those people that's got the Holy Ghost. Well, glory to God. How many's got the Holy Ghost? Then the same power that was in the world speaking in existence is in you. Can I say this? This is bride time. Amen. We are the gentile bride. So this is your time said the time has come for God Jehovah to rise on the scene and show himself. He always does it just at the junctions of time and that time is now. Amen. The light is shining. Can I say this? Light has come unto Gentiles. Amen. We were born in sin. We were shapen in iniquity. Hey, but we are a chosen generation. We are a royal priesthood. We are a peculiar people. We have been snatched. We have been snatched out of darkness into this marvelous line. So listen, we're not walking in confusion. We're not walking in misunderstandings. We're not walking in questions. We are walking in the glorious light of revelation. Can I say this? We are walking in a revelation. And it's a glorious revelation. And here it is. the Jehovah of the old is the Jesus of the new and he's manifested himself in you, brother Isaac. When that revelation sits on the heart of a believer that the Jehovah of the old is the Jesus of the new and he's veiled himself in you by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Listen, the Holy Spirit is not dead. He's alive again in the redeemed flesh of the bride of Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit, he said, must be alive in the church always. Amen. The Holy Spirit must be alive in the church always. Amen. Leading the church for the age that it's living in. See, to confirm the word that's promised for that age. Now, watch. God spoke the word from the beginning. So much for this age, so much for that age, certain for them age. It always happens just that way. See, and the Holy Spirit, he says it again, must be alive in the church to make this church live its day. So the Holy Spirit in the church is making the church live the word concerning the day that the church is living in. Can I say then the message of the hour has come to us by the hand of God. It did not come from commentators. It did not come from theologians. The prophet of God said, "These messages are all kept until this earthly vessel, until the time of God's appointed time, the last messenger at the earth." All these people has judged at it and said, "I know it's there. I believe it's there." They fought at it. They brought it forth. They produced the things by faith. They believed it. But now, oh, but now it's going to be brought to us in revelation and from the hand of God by vindication. Listen, we are not feeding from the hands of a man. We are not feeding from the hands of a church. But the hand of God has delivered a message into this generation which has pulled you from the darkness of Leosa. It has caused you from the confusion of religion and you're now standing underneath a spout where the shakina glory is coming out. We're not walking by feelings. We're not walking by emotion. We're not walking by sensation. There is an unseen hand and it's the unchanging hand and it's leading the church. It's guiding the church. It's preserving the church. It's sustaining the church. It's the hand of God. Amen. Yes, sir. He said it's pure and clean unadulterated word of God coming from the hand of God. Brother Bear, it's coming from the hand of God. Easter Seal, you who were once dead in sin and trespasses has now been quickened together. To set in heavenly places with Christ Jesus. Woo. He says, "You are feasting on mana from above. You are seeing the hand of God made manifest which is proving the promise of this day." Amen. You are seeing the hand of God made manifest. Now we find then that the hand of God is associated with the favor of God. Amen. In Psalms 102:12, David says, "Thou, oh Lord, shall endure forever, and thy remembrance unto all generation. Thou shalt arise and have mercy upon Zion, for the time to favor her. Yay, the set time is come. Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you at due time." What is due time? It's the right time. It's an opportune time. It's a seasonable time. Listen friends, Zion is a type of the bride. So if this is the time, oh God, if this is the time to favor Zion, it's the time to favor the bride. So God has favored his bride with signs, with wonders, with revelation, with healing, with miracles, with deliverance. He said the old formal church ages is gone. And the time that God is doing a new thing and he's not only doing it here, but he's swept around the world everywhere. Yes, sir. Amen. Can I say this? The message of the hour is the hand of God upon the church of God. And it is the favor of God upon this generation. Let me say this. God doesn't do anything without raising up a witness. Without raising up a witness of what he has done. In Isaiah 43:18, he says, "Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old. For behold, I will do a new thing. Behold, I will do a new thing. Now it shall spring forth. Shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness." Amen. And rivers in the desert. Listen. I will do a new thing. Amen. I will make a way in the wilderness. Amen. And I will make rivers in the desert. Now, come on, church. If you was out in the wilderness and you was lost, amen, and a hand come down out of the sky, amen, and created a way right there and called you into it, amen, would you be able to miss it? Would you be able to say, "Oh, I don't know how I got out of here." No, you would testify that there was a hand came on the scene and in the middle of confusion made a way of escape. Well, can I say this? Amen. Denomination couldn't do it. Education couldn't do it. But the hand of God descended out of the skies and it was veiled in the pillar of fire and a voice said as John the Baptist was sent to forrun the first coming of Christ. Your message will forrun the second coming. Listen and around the world that message has went and the prophet said revival fires are burning on every hill. Let me say what this message is. It is the hand of God making a way in the wilderness of Leotaa. [Music] Glory to God. It's the hand of God making a way in the middle of confusion. They don't know how to baptize. They don't know how to have communion. They don't know how to pray. They don't know how to preach. They don't know how to have church order. But a hand come in the form of the message of the hour and said, "I will make a way in the wilderness. Your days of wondering will be over. Your days of questioning will be over. I will bring to you a revelation from the hand of God by vindication. Will you know it? Oh, you will know it because you will walk in it. Well, glory to God. I'm walking in the way in the wilderness. Yeah, I'm walking in the wilderness. It's called Leosa, but I'm walking a way out of here. Yes, sir. It's a way in the wilderness. Now, watch what else he says. He says, "And rivers, rivers in the desert." Now you're out in the desert walking around. It's real hot, real dusty, real dry. You're real thirsty. No water, nowhere. And then out of nowhere comes a river. Amen. Will you be able to ignore it? Will you be able to second guess it? No. You will see it and you will testify of it. Oh church. Are you hearing me? So in this wilderness it would get so thirsty that they would begin to hew out sistns. And they would be broken sistns. And because they're in a wilderness, they don't have a way and they need something to drink. So they start hewing out sistns which are full of stagnation. But a way in the wilderness. Amen. And a whale of art teaching water will spring up in the desert. Oh church of the living God. If anybody got a right to shout is the bride of Jesus Christ. She's walking in the way in the wilderness and she's drinking from the artisian well. She's not dying. She's living on the hand of God that has brought revelation in this generation. Yes sir. Can I say this? Man's hands came up on Luther's message and man's hands came up on Wesley's message and man's hands came up on Pentecost. But this is the full word. He says, "Now it's seed time or bride time." Yes, sir. God's church is not touched by denomination. There will be no denominational manhandling in the virgin birth of the bride. No sir. Now, I'll say this. God has always and then I'll just slow down a little bit here. God has always had a witness on the earth. That's right. Somebody say, "Always always had a witness." Witness. Although it got down to one person. Sometimes Re said God always had somebody he can lay his hand on. He said Noah was a witness in his generation. How that God by a vision revealed to Noah, Amen, how to build the ark, brother Barry, and what to use to build the ark. So Noah was in the middle of a coming destruction. And the hand of God brought a vision and said, "Prepare an ark to these dimensions to the preparing." Amen. And the saving of your household. Listen. And he even said this. He said, "I want you to make it out of a specific type of wood." Not just any woodwork. We got to have a certain type. See, it must be gopher wood. Why gopher wood? It was a soft wood which was pliable. And that's what makes up the ark was a wood that could be easily applied, a pliable wood. B said, "That's the believer. That's the believer." Amen. Once in the hands of God, he is cut down from his own self-righteousness of the tree, and he becomes pliable in the hands of the builder. He's not tossed about with every wind of doctrine, but a piable that fits right into the word of God to be used easily. Now, just as Noah was given a vision, I believe we are given a vision. The Bible said where there is no vision the people perish. Let me say this a vision actually means prophetic insight or it means divine communication. So there would actually be two dimensions. They would be communicating amen by a vision. Re said we must have a vision. See the vision comes to the prophets and it's the word of the Lord spoken to them. Re said, "See, if anything the church needs tonight, and what we're trying to do, Amen, is bring a fresh vision from the presence of God to let the people of God see that God still lives and reigns and is moving with his church and he will until Jesus comes to receive it." See, so a vision is the direct word of the Lord. It's not an impression. Amen. Come on now. It's not a man feeling impressed to say something. Yeah, that's good. Hallelujah. Is that okay? It's not a man feeling impressed to tell somebody something from the word and say that's thus sayith the Lord. No, it's actually a vision. The part of God said, I'm asked when you call these things out. Amen. Do you actually feel impressed or do you actually see it? He said, oh no, I see it. Now, let me say this. We cannot afford to lose our vision. Can you agree with me? We cannot afford to lose our vision. See, because our vision is what takes us beyond the scene. It takes us beyond the scene into the unseen. Remember said, "What is a vision?" It's another dimension. All right? A vision is outside of the five senses. It's a six sense. He said, "Now see, there's five outer senses. See, taste, feel, smell, and hear. Then there's five inner senses which is conscience, imagination, memories, passions, affection. But then there is a sixth sense. Amen. And it is faith. So a true believer does not work under see. He does not work under feel. He does not work under taste. He works underneath faith. Remember said, see now I believe that a man is saved when he believes on the Lord Jesus Christ with all of his heart and from his heart. See, not from his outside conscious. See, you are a dual person. You are three people in one. You are a soul, a body, and a spirit. I believe your outward senses, your outward conscious, your senses when you're awake. In other words, you operate by five senses. Them were only given to you to contact your earthly home. They were not given to you to contact your heavenly home. There's actually six senses in a human body because he is number six in the Bible. He was created on the sixth day. He is number six. A man is he's got see, taste, feel, smell, hear, and faith. See, his faith is what sets his destination where he's headed for. So friends, you cannot lose your vision because the vision takes you beyond the scene into the unseen. and you actually have the ability to see things before you even become reality with him. In other words, Christopher Columbus said that the world is round. So he set out as a man of vision. Amen. To prove the world was round. He said he could see the mass before he could see the ship. What was he? He was a man of vision. Verse said, "See, now faith is the substance of things hoped for. It's the evidence of things not seen, tasted, felt, smell, or heard. But by faith, when he catches the word, now watch this. When he catches the word, it sends him, oh God, it sends him into a dimension that makes it so real to him, but he's just as good as he's got it in his hand. Hallelujah. He knows something is going to happen. Now, watch this. What is faith? It's a revelation. Faith is a vision. Somebody say, "Well, we need a new vision." No, what we need is a revelation of the vision we've got. What is a vision? He says, "A vision is the forecast of future events." See, it foretells the thing before it happens. A vision is seeing something that is not as though it was until it materializes. Can I say this? A vision is not looking at what is but a vision is what looking at will be. See, so what faith does is faith catches the vision. And when a man once catches the vision of the invisible God and knows that he's always present, there's something that stabilizes that man's thinking. It stabilizes his action. And in the time of distress and trouble, it'll still make him look upward and above the things that are happening around him because he's looking at the unseen. Amen. Yet by a promise. So no matter what happens between the time he receives the vision, he does not lose sight of the reality of the vision he's been given. Oh God, no matter how many bad days, no matter how many tiring days, no matter how many mountain tops or valley lows, he never loses the vision because he knows it's going to come into reality. Oh church of the living God, don't you see? God had a vision of a bride and for seven gentile ages, they took away and added to the word. But in the end time, there would be a way. Hallelujah. in the wilderness there would be a vision come to the church. See, can I can I now? Now, let me just slow down and say this. Y'all remember Michelangelo, right? Michelangelo had a vision of what he thought Moses looked like. Remember remember he had that vision and when he had that vision, remember said he worked away at it for years. He said with his hand, he took a hammer in his sculptor's hand and he be to hack away. He began to cut away. He began to chop away. He said, "See what happened was it become so real to him that he seen it and he cried, "Speak." Now, let me say this. Michelangelo with his hand by vision produced a masterpiece. Michelangelo with his hand by vision produced a masterpiece. You know, we find in Mark 16, the great commission. Brother Barry, I find it amazing. There is a connection between the hand of God and the hand of man. And Mark Mark 16:18, they shall take up serpents and they shall drink any deadly thing. It shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. I want you to look at this word lay. The word lay means to attack one or to make an assault on one. Oh God. So when you come up for prayer and a man of God by vision of the word lays his hand upon you, Brother said like this, what's happening now? He said there's a light that's coming from one into the other. Now let me just ask you this question. How does an evil spirit take control of a human vessel and then another human vessel lay hands upon that vessel and cast that spirit out? You've got two human vessels that are meeting, one with a possession of a demonic spirit and the other with an authority to cast that spirit out, but they're still humans. Well, the product of God said, readers digest picked it up. He said they took a brother that prayed for the sick and had a sick man praying for the man. He said, put a piece of lead full, amen, between the man and the man that was praying his hand and laid it down like this and shot the picture of X-ray. And from the man's hand, from the man's hand, it showed a visible reflection of a ray coming out of his hand and going to the other man. God have mercy. So from this man who was under a vision, believe in Mark 16, was an authoritative word. He laid his hand upon the sick man. I said, "God knows what he meant when he said they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." He was laying on of hands of this man upon a sick man. And the mechanical X-ray, oh God, amen, showing the light. Amen. Showing the light that was coming from the man's hand and was going upon the sick man. Can I say what a prophet of God said? He said, "We are the lightbearers of this age." So in an age of confusion, in an age of religiousness, in an age of churchanity, you would be snatched by the divine hand of God, that you would show forth the praises of him, Lord, Amen, who has called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Can I say what the Bible says? It shall be one day which shall be known of the Lord, not day or night, but it shall come to pass that at the evening time it shall be light. At the evening time it shall be light. Listen, men and women, it's time that we found out who you are. The devil's trying to hide you back, tell you that you're some little tro down something. You are not. You are sons and daughters of God. The deity is not in heaven. It's in you. The deity of God is not in heaven. Deity is in you. Listen friends, we are not church members. We are children of the evening light. The power of God said the evening times come. The church now that was once dressed like that little major experience we've been through has come to a place now. Hallelujah. that the people are realizing that the deity and the power of the almighty God is living in the human being. My goodness, the deity of God, the power of God, the authority of God, the reality of Jesus Christ is not in heaven, it's in humanity. Can I say this? The divine hand is now veiled in the human hand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The divine hand is now veiled in the human hand. The hand that snatched you out of sin. Amen. The hand that snatched you out of sickness. The hand that snatched you out of the world is now veiled in human hands. Amen. The Bible tells us we are the members, Amen, of the mystical body of Christ on the earth. I am the vine. Ye are the branches. Now watch this. He says, "He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me you can do nothing." He says, "Now see, he has no hands but ours." He's here, right? That's good. That's amen. He has no hands but ours. Now he said he's here in spirit form. No eyes but ours, no ears but ours, no tongue but ours. So let's let him have everything. The secret of this is submitting yourself with godly love into the hands of a loving father and letting him take you over. Amen. Come on, Clay. Submit yourself into the potter's hands and let the potter take you over. See, your hands is his hands when you're energized from the vine. So Jesus is the vine. We are the branches. So what is it? It's the revealing of the mystery of human instrumentality. Remember said, "God don't come down and speak it literally with his voice out of the heavens, but he wrote it on paper and he's expecting me and you to receive the Holy Spirit to believe that word." And then when we speak that word, if it's God's true word, God stands behind it. Hallelujah. If you're saying the true word, God stands behind it. That's right. Amen. I love this quote. He said, "God performs the miracles through the hands of his children." Hallelujah. God performs the miracles through the hands of his children. He's the vine. We're the branches. See, Jesus Christ, the Holy Spirit, comes into the human body and takes a hold of his own word and moves. It shows vision, speaks in tongues, prophesies. He does all kinds of works to confirm his word through human instrumentality. You say what is an instrument? It is a tool or an implement especially one for delicate work. It is a person who is made use of. Do you realize Moses was born to be God's instrument said Daniel become an instrument in the hand of God while he was away from his own people out of his own city away from his own church in a strange land. God used him. Now you can listen be away from whatever you may be. You can be away from all your loved ones, be away from your church, but you can still be an instrument. You can still be an instrument in the hands of God. Listen, in this age, God sent a vindicated prophet, which was more than just a prophet. He was more than just a pastor. He was more than just an evangelist. Amen. He was an angel messenger unto the angel. Let's put a name to that, can we? William, Mary, and Brandon of the church of the Leon sins. Write these things, Sephi. Amen. The faithful and the true witness. The beginning of the creation of God. Can I say this? I want you to watch how that God chose to use Moses to deliver Israel. He said, "Now listen, God could have told him before he went out, I'll sit my I'll sit I'll sit sit I'll sit send my angel before thee." Now, God could have sent the angel come down, couldn't he? He could have let the angel come himself, but instead of that, he sent the angel to speak through the voice of a man, church of the living God. He could have sent the angel himself, but he chose Moses to veil [Music] to veil the angel in. He said, "God always uses man for his work." So, the Holy Spirit fell up on men. That's God's instrument here on the earth. Now watch a prophet turn from how God used Moses to deliver Israel from the Egyptian bondage to how God was using the seventh angel to deliver the children of God from the hand of the enemy. He said, "Now he is the son of God and I'm just a man. This microphone is a perfect mute. It can only speak when something speaks through it. And so is a man just an instrument. He's just a clay. Amen. But if Jesus Christ can take that person in full control and you'll obey his cause, he can preach the gospel through him. He can speak with tongues through him. He can show visions through him because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Listen friends, the hand of God is in this building tonight. But listen, if you're looking for a literal physical hand to come into the air, you will not see it. But he has veiled himself in the form of humanity by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Listen, when brother Barry stands behind this pull pit, it's not just Brother Barry. It's not just another sermon. Listen, it's the hand of God. Come on, I might as well preach. I flew all the way out here. It's the hand of God. Listen, it's not just a preacher who got with somebody and found out about your secrets. The hand of God has the ability to do a delicate work. Are you hearing me? Amen. Amen. Come on, church. Amen. Some of you come in here on Wednesday night and you're lower than a snake's belly and you've convinced yourself you're not going to make it and you're serpent scene and you're going to miss the rapture. And then the man of God begins to stand here and say, "You're an invincible army. You're a powerful church. You're an overcomer. You're underneath a blood atonement." That's more than a sermon. That's the hand of God in human instrumentality snatching you. Snatching you. He's pulling you from the hand of discouragement. He's pulling you from the hand of depression. Come on. Amen. Some of you get stooped in false doctrines and the man of God stands here and says, "That's not how it is. This is how a prophet taught it." That's the hand of God snatching you out of confusion. Well, glory to God. Hallelujah. Are you hearing me? It's more than a man. It's the hand of God. It's more than a preacher. It's the snatching of the divine hand. Yes, sir. He stood as an instrument. A prophet of God stood there. Remember said, "God loves to take his children." God loves to take his children out of the hands of the enemy. I want you to watch something. Y'all remember in Ezra chapter 8, it actually begins. I just want to share this with you. In Ezra chapter 8, it begins with the outlining the heads of families and the geology of those returning from with Ezra from Babylon to Jerusalem. So they're going from confusion Babylon unto Jerusalem which was the city of peace. Now catch this. There was a total of 1,496 men in that are listed. See, all are descendants of prominent Israelite families. Let me say what the what what I read about this. They were guided and protected by God. Amen. That's right. 1,496 heads of families was guided and protected by God. Are y'all ready for this? I about shouted when I read this. The group successfully completes their journey from Babylon to Jerusalem guided by the divine hand. Glory, glory, glory. Listen what he says in Ezra 8:31. He said, "The hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy and of such that lay and wait by the way." Come on now. You're in the way in a wilderness, but that does not mean you're not exempt from devils that are trying to snatch you away from the way of God. But the same hand, the same hand that called you into the way will keep you in the way. Come on, church. The same hand that made the way has the ability to keep you. In other words, the same hand that sent the message has the ability to keep you in the message. It ain't you keeping yourself. It's the hand of God. You are the creation of the creative hand. And that hand has the ability to keep you. Now watch this. So the divine hand had the ability to take them from confusion to peace. From confusion to peace. Everyone said God loves to take his children out of the hands of the enemy. Yes, sir. They came out of the wilderness, a 40-year journey. Are you ready for this? with not a feeble one among them. Amen. You know what the prophet God said? He said, "Oh Jesus," in a prayer line, now can I just slow down and read this to you? Is that okay? Amen. Just as Moses was a delivering angel to Israel. I believe we've had a delivering angel come among us today. In a prayer line, he says, "Now, sister, I want you to look this away so I can kind of get it talking just a little to you." Now sometimes it depends on how long you talk to the person how it reveals. I have to come in contact with you. See sometimes I look around people with great faith and just speak what's wrong with them and quickly they get healed. But I'm trying to fight that off now. You see to see just what is going to take place. Now do you believe me as God's servant? Do you believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ God has sent me to pray for the sick? And if I would or should lay my hands upon you, you believe that which you're now feeling coming, this between you and I now is the spirit of God. Amen. Here's a woman who's sick. Here's a delivering angel. And he says, "There's something between us now. It's the spirit of God." All right, sister. You've suffered quite a while, had you? What's wrong with you? You've been prayed for before. You've been in lines and had prayer. You had prayer at home. You're suffering with a heart trouble. Is that right? Yes, sir. It's a nervous heart. Do you believe that God will make you well if I ask him? Come here. Oh, Jesus. Now realizing this number one enemy takes more people than anything else. You sent your delivering angel to deliver the people in the name of Jesus Christ. May our sister be healed. Brother Bam laid his hands. What does that word lay mean? It means to lay a salt or to attack upon one. So when he lay Oh God, when he laid his hand, listen, it'd be like if I was praying for brother Christopher here and I lay my hands on him. Amen. I don't take my hand and just punch him and I'm not going to punch you. Relax. Okay? If he's sick and he says, "Brother Andrew, I got a headache." Amen. I need prayer. I don't take my hand and say, "Headache, come out." Amen. But I lay my hand and there's a light of God. There's a deity on the inside of that hand. And when that hand lays upon his head, there is an attack that is laid upon that spirit that's trying to control this young boy's life. Are you hearing me, church? I think it's time to come back to the reality that the hand of God is among this church. I think it's time to lay hands on the sick and attack the devils. I think it's time to lay hands on depression and attack the depression spirits. I think it's time to lay hands on our babies and attack the devils of hell that's trying to destroy them. Yes, sir. You say, "What are you saying?" The church today is God's instrument of the earth. He says, "To liberate the sick and the afflicted." The church today is God's instrument of the earth to liberate the sick and afflicted. Can I say what else he says? Amen. He just needs one believer. Yeah. Amen. What he can do if he can ever get one person in his grip just so he can hold that one person. Are you ready for this? If he can get one person in his grip, he can put 10,000 to flight. One can put 10,000. So two could put 20,000. three. Oh God, could put 30,000. So if there was 50 believers here, they could put 50. [Applause] They could put 50,000 spirits to fight. Yes, sir. With one person with genuine faith, he can put 10,000 devils running as hard as they can go. Amen. What are you saying? I'm saying what a prophet said right now. The world is gripped. Now look at this word grip. It means to take it. It means to take and keep a firm hold of. It means to grasp tightly. It is of a feeling or emotion. It is to deeply affect someone. Now listen, a grip is an effective form of control over something. Amen. So when something grips you, it begins to control you. And if it can get deep enough hold, my goodness. Amen. It will begin to control the way you feel. That's right. It'll begin to control your emotion. Now, come on, friends. Rever said, "Right now, the world is gripped by two great grips." The world is gripped by these two things right now. The mark of the beast or the seal of God. Now, watch somebody gripped by the mark of the beast. Start talking to them about the revelation of Jesus Christ and watch their emotions change. Watch their countenance change. Watch their approach change because the mark of the beast has a grip. Brother said, "Now look, a mark is a distinction." I'm going to close on this point. It makes a difference. See, it separates something. A mark is a distinction. It makes a difference. It separates something. He said, "Now you say you got one mark against you, a mark. But you never said you had one seal against you." Amen. Oh, you got one mark against you, but a seal is a sign of ownership. A mark is a distinction. And the church is sealed by the Holy Spirit showing as ownership. God owns the church. Come on, church. You're not marked by God. You're sealed by God. Come on. Some of y'all right now say, "Well, I got this mark against me, and I got that mark against me, and I got that mark against me, and I got this mark against me, and you got all your marks lined up against you." But can I tell you something? Not a one of those marks owns you. That's right. If you got the Holy Ghost in your soul, the mark against you don't own you. But the seal upon your soul is a sign of divine ownership. Listen, denomination and false doctrine grip humanity. But then God sent the message of grace and rever you see that now the fifth seal by the open of these seals now what you have did what God has did for you. Now watch by the opening of these seals that what you have did and what God has did for you and you're ready to surrender your life to God. And if he will snatch you out of the hands of the antichrist that you're now in, would you accept his offer? Amen. Amen. You say, "What is that third pull?" It's the opening of the word. Yes, sir. It's Christ snatching you from the Antichrist. Thank you, Lord. It's Christ seizing you by quickening power. Remember said he is the one who opened those seals. He is the seals. For the word of God is Christ, and Christ is the seals that was open. What is the opening the seals then? Revealing Christ. The very seven angels which represented the seven churches all completed and we couldn't even see it. They did. They took the picture, not us. And here he is standing there. Supreme judge showing what he is. Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. What identification? Quickening power did that to us. Amen. Quickening power snatched us from death to life. Quickening power gives discernment to know what's wrong with you and what to do and what you have done and what you ought to not done, what you should have done and what you will be. Quickening power all these things. Hallelujah. See, can I say this to you tonight? Amen. We are in the hands of God. Can I say this to you? Spirits that grip you have to turn loose when the hand of God comes upon you. Amen. Amen. Can I say this tonight? I lay assault against every hand of the enemy. Amen. Against every spirit trying to grip lives and grip homes and grip hearts. Amen. I lay assault against every sickness and disease. Amen. I lay a salt against every every depression and oppression. I lay an assault against every condemnation spirit. You say, "Brother Andrew, how can you do that?" I'm preaching the word and his word is his unchanging hand. Who brought Georgia Carter out of that bed? The hand of God. Amen. But did the hand of God go floating through the Carter's house or did a prophet walk in there? Say, Georgia, get up out of that bed. Right. The deity of God. Who brought Congressman up out of that wheelchair? Did a hand of God floating through the building and touch him? Or did a prophet stand there and say, "I see you in a suit and you fell out of a barn loft and you've been crippled and you ran for senator Congress." Yeah. Oh, that's good. Amen. Listen, somebody say, "What are you talking about?" Can I Can I just close by saying this? The prophet of God said, "The hand of God has brought the word to us in Revelation." He said, "It's clean, pure, unadulterated word coming from the hand of God." He said, "We are now in heavenly places eating on heavenly mana, seeing the hand of God manifested. That's good. Let me say, how do you know the hand of God is among the church? Well, it's a real simple illustration. Okay, you went outside this morning. Okay. Now, when you went outside, it was raining, right? Okay. Now, how do you know it's raining? Do you get on your phone and look it up on the forecast? Do you get on your on your computer and look it up? What's the best way to find the evidence of the rain? Get up. Go outside. And when you see the grass is wet and the trees are wet and your car is wet and the road is wet and the and everything's wet, it don't take a genius to realize it's rained. How do you know? You see the evidence? You see that evidence of the rain has been among the earth, church of the living God. You say, then how can you say that you're seeing the hand of God manifest when you don't see a literal physical hand fall through the building? I don't have to. I see the evidence. I see the evidence of the hand of God. I see believers who believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I see the hand of God who's healed the sick, who's saved the lost, who's filled with the Holy Ghost, who's redeemed for the Listen, I don't have to see a physical hand to know the hand of God has been upon Calvary Living Word. I see the evidence of it. I see it up on your homes. I see it up on your church. I see it up on your life. I see the hand of God. Won't you stand to your feet with us tonight as the musicians come? Amen. Thank you, Lord. What do you see? I see the eternal hand. Listen, you ain't got to lay down and get buried underneath all the water. You were born to walk on it. That's right. You ain't got to lay down underneath all them problems. You were born to walk over top of it. Amen. You ain't got to become subject to confusion and depression and negativity. You ain't got to become subject to all those things. You were born and ordained of God. Hallelujah. To stand as a witness. Hallelujah. Of the divine hand of almighty God. Listen, I believe it tonight, friends. I believe the hand of God is among the church. Amen. Yes. I believe that hand of God is here. Can I say this? I believe we are God's property. Amen. Said, "Don't you on God's property." That's right. He said, "Oh, brother, stop looking at yourself and look at your sacrifice." Amen. Somebody said, "Well, brother Andrew, you you opened up with with failures and faults." So, Brother said this. He said, "If you can find any fault in that, all right, but if you find no fault in that, then you're perfect." Glory to God. Some of you all are laying down underneath things that there's no need to lay down underneath. And you know what's putting you down underneath them is the idea that I made a mistake. I failed God. I was a failure. Amen. But a prophet of God said, "If you find a fault in your sacrifice, then okay. But if you find no fault in that, then you're perfect." Amen. Cuz it's not you that God accepts. He accepted Christ. and Christ accepted you and you are dead and your life is hid in God through Christ. You are sealed by the Holy Ghost and all the devils in hell can't turn you out of there for you are God's property. You're God's possession. You don't belong to the mark against you. You belong to the seal in your soul. You don't belong to the trouble that's before you. You belong to the God that's behind you. The said, "God never looks at you. He looks at Christ." Another place he said, "Have you often heard me say in prayer, take your hands off of God's property." Have faith to claim your own. That's your right. See, take your hands off of her. Take your hands off of him. See, faith will do it. I love what the prophet of God says in this prayer. He says, "Heavenly Father, we bring to you this audience and we snatch them right out of the hand of the devil. Satan, you are defeated and the Holy Ghost has exposed you and declared that in this generation of the wickedness of this nation, yet there is a people who's gathered here tonight who believes on the Lord God. They have seen his presence knowing that it could not be a man do that that it is to vindicate this Bible and the resurrection. Oh Lord God, I pray that you'll send the shower of the Holy Spirit and power over this audience that you'll shake everyone in their senses to realize the Holy Ghost is here and has made them well. [Music] Can I read the rest of it? Amen. Satan, I defeat you through the blood of the Lord Jesus. And his vicarious suffering at Calvary. You are defeated. Satan, come out of them. Amen. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I love what David goes on to say. He says, "I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy." He says, "For thou has considered my trouble. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thou has known my soul in adversities and has not shut me up in the hand of the enemy. Thou has set my feet in a large room. Woo, brother. I think it's amazing that Paul God said when Moses and Aaron as a type brought Israel across Jordan, think of it, there wasn't one lost. Every one of them crossed Jordan by the hand of God. Amen. Are you ready for this? Amen. Through Moses. Yes, they crossed Jordan by the hand of God through Moses. Then how much more will we cross through death chilly seas by the hand of God through Jesus? Amen. As he extends it to you tonight his nail scarred hands. Hallelujah. How many can say tonight, Lord, I want to rise above it. I don't want to sink. I want to walk. Amen. I wasn't born to sink. That's right. I wasn't born to be a failure. That's right. I was born to walk on the water. I was born to walk in power. I was born to walk in reality. I was born to walk in authority. Amen. I was born to walk in faith. How many says, "Lord, lay your hand upon the situation tonight." Amen. Amen. Maybe you're Peter here tonight. Amen. And you're looking at the winds and you're looking at the waves and you're looking at the water and you're looking at everything but what you should be looking at. How many can say tonight, Lord, I want to rise above it. How many can say, "Lord, save me." If you don't save me, I'll perish. Amen. But if you'll reach down your eternal hand to me, if you'll extend your hand to me, let's bow our hearts together tonight. Maybe you're in a situation tonight. Maybe you're sick in your body or facing a problem. The devil's telling you it's impossible. You can't come out of it. You can't rise above it. Maybe the devil's telling you you got to die underneath it. But I wonder tonight as a assembly here with your heads bowed and your eyes closed. I wonder if there be one tonight could say, "Lord, save me. Your hand is eternal. Your hand is not shortened. Neither is your ear heavy that you cannot hear." Amen. Lord, I read Isaiah 59. I read Matthew 14. And what you said in Isaiah 59, you done in Matthew 14. When Peter screamed out, "Lord, save me or I'll perish." And your hand wasn't shortened by Peter's doubt. Your hand wasn't shortened by Peter's change of focus. But Lord, you extended your hand to Peter in that situation. You snatched him. Thank you, Lord. I heard your prophet say that that hand is eternal. Amen. Which means it had no beginning. It has no end. Which means what it's done before, it can do again. Lord, I'm Peter tonight. You see this situation? Yes. You see this problem? It looks like it's going to sink us. Lord, Lord, save me. Lord Jesus, you see this situation in our home. Save us, Lord. Yes, Lord. Lord, you see this situation in our church, Lord. Yes. Save us, oh God. And his hand will come right down to where you are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, we love you tonight. Amen. Lord, we thank you for the anointing that we feel among us here tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, we thank you for the reality of your presence. Lord, we thank you for the authority of your word, Lord. Father, we stand here tonight upon the authority of your spoken word. And Lord, your prophet said is human instrumentality. Lord, as long as we're speaking that word, you're here to back up that word and to confirm that word. Now Lord, I don't know what giant is out in front of these Davids tonight. I don't know what Goliath is out in front of them. But Lord, I know there's a David on the inside of them. And Lord, your prophet said that David took his hand. He reached down and picked up a slingshot. Lord, your prophet said we have a slingshot. He said it's the Old and the New Testament. Amen. He said it's held together by Jesus Christ. He said, "When we pick it up and put a rock in it and sling it at that devil," he said, "It takes a strong hand of faith. It takes a strong arm of faith." Lord, I know your word is true tonight. And I know every Goliath before this congregation has to fall. Lord, may you reach down your hand tonight. Amen. Lord, if there be a young person here, Lord, Father, maybe they're drowning, sinking underneath the problems of life, the pressures of the teenage years. May you reach your head down to them, Lord. Maybe there's a home here tonight, Lord. They're seeking beneath pressures. The devil's reminding them of their failures and their faults. May you reach down your hand in Jesus name. Reach down your hand here tonight. Maybe a sickness has grabbed one of these believers. That sickness is trying to sink them. Reach down your hand tonight, Lord. Maybe an old spirit of depression has reached out and got a hold of them. It's got a grip. It's got a grip in their spirit, Lord. It's affecting their emotions. It's affecting the way they worship. It's affecting the way they praise. It's affecting the way they serve you. Lord, I pray you would reach down your hand. Oh God, may you snatch them out of that depression. Lord, maybe an anxiety spirit has come up on them. It's controlling the places they go. Lord, controlling their fellowship, oh God. Father, may you snatch them out of it in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Every head bowed, every eye closed, maybe you just raise your hands tonight and say, "Lord, Lord, save me. You know where I'm at. You know what I need. Lord, save me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You love the Lord tonight. Lord, save me." Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord Jesus. our pastor would come tonight. May we just sing this? You know that song when he reached down his hand when he reached down his hand for me. He had to reach way down. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Maybe try this. And he reached down his hand for me. Then he reached way down for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God. for his son when he reached down his hand for me. One more time. Oh, when he reaches God bless you, friend. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] his son and he reach for me. I want to continue singing this song, but I just want to invite anybody tonight that wants to have a hand laid upon them. If they're afflicted in any way, shape, or form tonight, if God has spoken to you, I want to open this up. I don't do this often, but I feel extremely led tonight. If you want a touch from God, if you want to feel that ray of light come into your life, if you want that devil God that's trying to oppress you, come and we'll lay hands upon you tonight as we sing this song. Brother Daniel, if you want to come and and sing here, if somebody does want to come as we sing this song, we'll sing the next verse and uh we'll just let brother Daniel take the songs here. How my heart rejoice since I made him my choice from the confess to him. Now I [Music] know for since you reach out for me [Music] his hand for me [Music] with his son. When he reaches out his hand, since the Lord Since the Lord gave me peace, [Music] world Oh my god. [Music] When he reached down his head, [Music] [Applause] [Music] his son when he sh his hand for me. Can we sing? I am the God. 392. Lord, lay her hands upon his daughter Abraham. Father, she has right. I am the God that healeth me. I am the Lord your healer. [Music] I sent my word and heal your disease. I am restored your God. You are the God. My you are Lord my he [Applause] you sent your word and he my disease. You are Lord my healer. Oh, you are the God [Music] that save my soul. You are the God. [Music] You sent your word and forgive all my sins. You are all my sins. [Music] that I for [Music] you are Lord my powerful [Applause] [Music] you sent your word and heal my broken heart you are Lord my God. Verse one. For I am the God that he am the Lord. [Music] Oh, I sent my word and holy is I am the Lord your fourth verse. Oh, you are the God. Oh, that comfort you. You are [Music] searching [Music] this is my heart. When I think about the Lord 904 Lord we rebuke it in the name of the Lord Jesus. Satan take your hands off. When I think about the Lord bring a he in Jesus name we pray. When I think about the Lord, how he how he how he when the Holy Ghost, how he healed me most when I feed the mouth the Lord. Oh, how he p me up and sp. I raise my face [Music] makes me shout [Music] Jesus worthy of all of the glory and all of What of the heat makes me shy [Applause] [Music] of all of the glory, all the and all of the praise. When I think about my Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he held me from the Holy Ghost. How he healed me to the most. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turn around. How he makes my feet. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] and all of the spirit of God Spirit of God who let your in my heart fill my whole be consume my life. Spirit of God, every vessel I show that you can help me. Spirit of God, oh spirit of God, move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole consume my life spirit of God. An empty vessel I walk so that you can come [Music] [Applause] [Music] and feel. Oh, spirit of God move. Spirit of God in my heart my [Applause] consume my life. SP that's all I want to be so that [Applause] [Music] I believe he's here just our voices. Oh spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. [Music] Consume my life. Oh spirit of God. An empty vessel I want to me so that you can come Lord and fail me. [Applause] [Music] Amen. I feel like I have so much to say, but I just feel like worshiping him now. My goodness. Did you hear from the Lord tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Can we sing that song? And I was born to be a dwelling place, a dwelling place for the Holy Ghost. Amen. That's what you were born for tonight. For I was born to be a dwelling place, [Music] a home for the presence of the Lord. Let my life now be consecrated Lord to thee that I might be what I was born to be. Do you believe that tonight? For I was before to be a dwelling place, a home for the presence of the Lord. [Music] Let my life be consecrated to the I might be what I was born to Can we sing the potter's hand? Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. Oh, beautiful Lord, my wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all of my days are held in your hands. You're perfect. [Music] You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by. Oh your holy spirit teach me dear Lord to live all my [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] to my father's face. Beautiful Lord, my wonderful Savior, [Music] I know for sure. And all of my days are held in your hands, grafted into your perfect. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by. Your holy spirit teach me to live all my life. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Lord, walk inside me. I Hallelujah. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for your goodness and tender mercies. Lord, we know that you've come. You've reached down your hand. Amen. You've reached down your hand, not just to me, Lord, but to every single one of us here tonight, Lord Jesus. Even to those who might be listening somewhere else, Father, even to those who might listen later, Lord, even to this entire world, Father, through the messenger of this age, Lord, that message that you gave to him, Lord Jesus, Father, you reached out your hand to each and every human being in this age, Lord. And we know that there's millions and billions and billions of people, Father, that will never have the ability to hear this message, to be able to grab a hold of your hand. Oh, but Father, tonight we have every reason to rejoice because you've given us the ability to hear that word, to hear your voice, to recognize that that is your unchanging hand. Oh, Father, thank you for taking us and putting us on the potter's wheel. one more time tonight. Thank you for the word we've heard, Lord Jesus. Thank you for reaching down your hand. Lord, we don't have to live like Peter and say, "If it be thou, oh, then bid me to come. We know that it's thou, Father. We trust you and we thank you for your goodness and your tender mercies." Lord, we pray that you would just go with each one, Father, tonight, especially who came for prayer, Lord, that you would just vindicate, Lord Jesus, your faith through those individuals, Lord, that you would help them to recognize the change in their lives, in their bodies, in their minds, in their souls. Oh, Father, we pray that you would meet each and every need so sovereignly that they would see that evidence in their lives, Lord, because we know it's not our faith that causes us to do that. Father, it's your faith. We thank you for each life here tonight, Lord. We thank you for each life that's traveling, Lord, each member of this body here. We pray that you would sovereignly keep your hand upon them, Lord Jesus. That you would bless their times away. That you would keep them safe while they travel and Lord bring them home safely at the appointed time. Lord Jesus, tonight we pray that you would just restore Brother Andrew's strength, Father. Lord, that you would just allow him, Father, to be used by you again tomorrow, Father. That we would be able to pull on you through our brother, Father. Lord Jesus, we just ask that you would receive all the glory and all the honor and all the praise from our lips, Lord Jesus, the fruit from our lips, Lord Jesus, unto you. Lord, we love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we just change the the tempo a little bit here tonight? I believe that, you know, we have the ability to just give him praise. Amen. And we don't have to be quiet. We don't have to be subdued. We don't have to be reserved because of any reason. We We can give him all the praise that he desires. Amen. Can we sing? In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Have you got a victory tonight, brothers and sisters? You've got every single reason to praise. I see that it's just about 10:00. I thought it was only like 9. If anybody has to go, by all means, we still love you and we understand. We've got pressures in this life, but it's Friday night. And you know what? Where else would a believer want to be? I don't know. Other than just in a place like this where he's there. Oh my. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Applause] In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have in the name of Jesus. Tell me more. name of Jesus. [Applause] In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons they have [Applause] when he come in the name of Jesus in the preious name of Jesus. You have the victory. Say I have the victory in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. I have [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Amen. I won't keep you too long. We have one request. I've got my mind made up. So, I've been called to sing this song. Let's sing this and go out with joy and happiness for tomorrow. Amen. I've got my mind made up. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I want to because I want to see my Jesus [Applause] my world. I stay with you. I stay with you. I feel the rest of you. I the rest of my God. And we say God sing [Applause] [Music] the water spot I'm I'm not [Applause] [Music] my I am under where I am under the rock. The rock is higher than I can over hide me. I am under the rock. Don't tell my eneies. I am under the rock. Oh Jehovah. I am whose name is sweet. Oh Jesus name. Oh Emmanuel's name. In Jesus name. So in Jesus name [Applause] my my Jesus I've got my mind made and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus. Amen. You are dismissed. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I guess one more verse. One more verse. My mind Jesus. I'm not that [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Say thank God I am under. Oh I am under their rock the rock is hiding. [Music] Oh I am under them. Lord tell my eneies. Oh I am rock. I am Jesus name. Whose name? Oh Jesus name. Emmanuel's name. Oh Jesus. Emmanuel's name. Oh Jesus name. Emmanuel's name. In Jesus name. Oh, I've got my mind made up and I want my Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Thank you. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All the [Music] heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh, [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music]
