################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 2025-05-18 - Bro. Barry - Q&A Election Pt. 3 (Seven Church Ages Study) - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    2025-05-18 - Bro. Barry - Q&A Election Pt. 3 (Seven Church Ages Study)
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 2h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QJMZl8uXNg
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson
Wednesday, May 21st 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Beautiful message of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord. Each one of you going to have lunch on a Wednesday night. A little bit of a different weather pattern, but we're thankful that we're going to drive places to fellowship and worship in tonight. Many people around the world, saints of like precious faith that have less. We're just thankful to the Lord for what he's provided. May the Lord bless you for your attendance this evening. I know that you're going to be blessed because you came. His word promised you be blessed. Good to have you back. You've been under the weather for a while. Good to have you back. Each one of you stand with me if you would as we sing this course. This a psalm is actually sprinkled through the scripture. I think three different scriptures mention this, but great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. Well, great is the Lord and greatly to be praised in the city of our God. In the mountain of his holiness, beautiful situation. The joy of the whole earth. His mouth side in the sides of the north. The city of the great king. His mouth side on the sides of the north. The city of the great king. Oh, great is the Lord and greatly to be praised. In the city of our God, in the mountain of his holiness, beautiful preituation, the joy of the whole earth. Is Mount Zion on the sides of the north, the city of the great king. Is Mount Zion on the sides of the north, the city of the great king. Let's give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. Oh, give thanks with the grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ his son. away now. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. away. Let the sick say I am here. Let the B say [Music] I because of what the Lord has done for us. It all is well. Oh, all is well. Thank you, Lord. Oh, we have heard the message of the Lord and all is well. Oh yes, there is a place of perfect rest is behind the inner world. So [Music] rest for all is sing together. Oh yes, all is well. Oh yes, all is well. Oh, we have heard the message, Lord, and all is well. Oh yes, there is a place of perfect rest. It's behind the earth. Oh, rest. [Music] Good evening saints. God bless you all. Let's just come to the Lord in prayer. Lord, we can sing with confidence that all is well. Jesus, the Lord, it's not because of anything of ourselves, was everything that you provide for us. our life, our health, salvation, for our families, for our children, Lord Jesus, those that Lord we love so much. And it's only that love, Lord Jesus, that you've just projected to us that we want to be able to reflect back to others to see, Lord Jesus. We don't want to be selfish and just take it for ourselves, but may let others be able to just see that life of Christ in us and the attributes that goes with that, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord God, we just thank you Lord for this time that we can share in the service tonight. The Lord that we can just sing some songs, design, uplift our hearts, Lord Jesus, and Lord be able to receive the word that will be coming very shortly. God, as we just commit the service unto you for your glory and your glory only, Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen, Lord. Amen. Thank you, my brother. You may have your seats tonight. Little change of pace. I heard an old old story. I love this old story. It's our salvation story. Well, I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. Well, I heard about his on his precious blood atone. Then I repented all my sins and I won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus. Oh my savior forever. Well, he s me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. When he and all is to he to [Music] victory the plenty of well I heard about his healing of his revealing how he made the lane to walk again and he calls I was so blind to see. Oh, and then I cried. Dear Jesus, come and heal my spirit. And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh yes. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. But he sought me. Oh, and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Oh yes, he loves me. I knew him and all my love is to him. He belongs me to victory beneath the blessing. Well, I heard about a mansion he has built for me in glory. And I heard about those streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and that old redemption glory and sun. May I sing up there that song of victory. Oh yes. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he bought me with his redeeming love. He loved me. I knew him and all [Music] the he to [Music] [Applause] victory the wonderful wonderful Jesus is to me. Absolute prince of peace. Mighty God is he. Oh, saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh, wonderful is my praise his name. Oh, living here with my Lord in a holy union day by day all the way. Holy sweet communion. Oh, what change grace have brought in my holy station since my soul has received and free salvation. Oh yes, wonderful. He's wonderful. Oh Jesus is to me. He's my counselor, my prince of peace. Oh mighty God is he. Oh saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Oh wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. And you make your mercy new every day. Lord, you've changed my life in so many ways. You cradle me in your sweet praise. Lord, you fill [Music] me. Yesterday, today, forever. Oh. Oh. There's one thing that I know for sure. [Applause] [Music] Precious, you make your mercy [Music] known from wasted times that I have known. I'm going to go away from home not. Oh, that your mercy and grace were much to [Music] blind with forgiveness waiting to [Music] supply. You made your mercy near every day. Lord, you changed my life in so many ways. Oh, you pray on me yours. Oh Lord, you build me yesterday forever more. Oh yes, there's one thing that I know for sure. [Music] Oh, precious the morning. You make your mercy every morning. Stand with me if you would as we ask our pastor to come. A couple more courses. Well, I saw love, mercy, and grace. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I saw love, mercy, and grace. Oh Lord, I vision his beauty. and looked upon his face. I saw love, mercy, and grace. Oh, I saw love. I saw mercy and grace. Oh, I saw love, mercy, and grace. So I envision his beauty on his face. I saw love. I saw mercy and grapher. Won't you come and lead us? For we need you to help us find the way. Oh sh won't you come [Music] and glory your strength of me today. Oh, there's no we can [Music] do face another day. Oh yes. Oh sh we need to help us find our way. Amen. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord once again on a Wednesday evening. It's certainly good to be in his presence. Thankful for his tender grace and mercy in our lives. We just have a praise report we wanted to mention. Sister Michelle Livy wanted to say, "Thank you for all the prayers. By God's grace, I'm improving daily." We thank the Lord. We also have a request to pray for brother Gabriel who is not well and is at home tonight. Also the carpenters request prayer for sister Vanderlass as well as uh sister Rose. And uh if you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, one more time. We need you to be our gentle shepherd, Lord, and to lead us, Father. Sometimes, Lord, we know that we don't know the way. And Father, we know that we have someone that we can trust, Lord. And we're so thankful for that, Lord. In the age in which we live where there's so much deception, Lord, so much confusion, Lord Jesus, tonight we come to you with our needs. We just bring each and every need that was made known unto you by way of an uplift hand, Father. And we just thank you, Father, for meeting that need sovereignly tonight. And Lord Jesus, we want to remember the carpenters, Lord. Sister Rose, Sister Elizabeth. Father, we know that you know the needs and that you're more than able to meet them tonight, Father. Lord, we just want to continue to thank you for healing Sister Michelle. And Lord, we just want to lift up brother Gabriel before you tonight, Lord, that you would touch him as well. Father, tonight we just want to commit the service into your hands for your glory. And Lord Jesus, I have a request tonight, Lord. And I believe it would be the same for each and every one here tonight, Lord. That you would just do something special for us tonight, Lord. Father, that our efforts wouldn't be in vain tonight, Lord. That Lord, you would just minister to us something special, Father, as we go forwards, we just commit the rest of this service into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. If you have your Bibles, I want to continue on our topic of election tonight out of the second epistle of Peter, chapter 1. Second Peter, chapter 1. Just start reading with verse one. Simon Peter, a servant and an apostle of Jesus Christ to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our savior Jesus Christ. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises. Amen. That by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. Isn't that wonderful? Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises. But even more than the promises, that by these promises ye might be partakers of the divine nature, not a human nature. Verse five. And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue, and to your virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus. But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if ye do these things, ye shall never fall. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we're so thankful that you have given us exceeding great and precious promises, Lord. Amen. Father, that we can be partakers of your divine nature. Lord, we just want to ask that you would bless the reading of your word, that you would just open to us fresh once again, Lord, as we walk with you along the way. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. Welcome to our visitors tonight, Brother Steve. God bless you. Like to say, uh, welcome back, Brother Peter. Certainly good to see you, too. He was working in Greenland for a few weeks. And everyone else tonight, I bring you greetings from the saints at Edmonton Living Word Assembly. Brother Eugene Bronn and his wife, Sister Sarah, say hello. It's a wonderful thing to go visit and to just preach the word, you know. And brother Toby at the same time was over ministering with brother Moses who I I believe he's the pastor now at brother Sigclar's church. I say brother Sigclar's church, but uh I believe it's brother Moses there now that's the pastor. And he was fellowshipping with brother Ed Hammermeister at End Time Message Tabernacle. And you know it's just a beautiful thing because the brethren they they performed that whole entire operation in unity. They discussed it openly and they prayed about it together and you know they just went forward walked together agreeing in the same thing. And uh it's just so wonderful to see the unity in the body between the two uh call it groups. And uh I know it's it's interesting because um there's something happening amongst the groups of churches at least in Edmonton, but I'm I'm seeing it in Saskatoon and I'm sure it's probably happening on the coast. I'm not out there very much so I don't know there but you know there's a certain unity that's taking place. Once upon a time it was division and uh confusion but it seems to be going the other way now. And I think that to me is such an encouragement. It really is uh the way it will go before the rapture. I I believe that with all my heart. We're not going to be divided. There won't be divisions. We will have all of these virtues in our life and we won't fall. Uh I think it's just a tremendous thing to be able to witness it. Um you might wonder how come the blinds are down. I don't know if anybody announced it and I know people don't like announcements, but we're going to have announcements tonight and uh hope it's okay. I just wanted to mention that we're changing the windows out in the building on the upper floor here. All the windows are being changed and we're certainly going to be thankful for that. I think it will help keep the the warm in in the wintertime and keep the warm out in the summertime. It will help keep us cool. So, we're certainly thankful for the trustees looking after that for us. And uh I just also wanted to mention, we had said it before in the past and I'll mention it again and I'll probably continue to mention it. If you have questions, please feel free to write them down. You know, if you were to listen to uh proving his word in 1964, brother Brandham, it's before he preached on questions and answers in 1964. He says it very clearly that it's really good to just write down the questions that are in your heart. If you have a question about something that's been preached or or mentioned or maybe something that hasn't been preached or something just Brother Brandham talks about it that's on your heart. Maybe you've got a a child that's gone weward. Maybe you have a spouse that just doesn't believe the same way. Maybe you just don't understand a certain scripture a certain way. You know, when we can actually express those thoughts, it gives us the ability to come together as a body and give the Lord the opportunity to minister to the need because likely it's not just one person with a question. There's probably more than one. So, I I just wanted to mention that we we don't have a questions and answers box, per se, but you'd be more than welcome to just take a prayer request sheet and just jot it down and fold it up and stick it in the box and uh we'll we'll address them. We'll go over the questions and and the answers if if people have them. Um we certainly want to give you the opportunity to express them. So, are you happy tonight? Tonight I want to continue talking about uh election and remembering that it's not about voting. It's not about being voted into a position of adoption. It's because we always were children that we get adopted to be a child to be a son. It's where God says now you have achieved a certain amount of learning. There's been enough tests in our lives and now we're going to take you out and actually proclaim to everyone that you are an adopted son, an adopted daughter. And that is because you always were. Brother Brham said, "I didn't actually go and join the Brham family one day." And and I could say that I didn't decide to go and join the Johnson family one day. I always was a part of the Johnson family. There just came a time where I was actually expressed into that family. And it's such a beautiful thing when we can look at being sons and daughters of the most high God. It it's not because we suddenly just became a son of God. It's because we recognize that we always were a son of God. It's not something that we can just fall into. And uh I think it's just a beautiful thing. You know, we we talked about this the last few services, and it might seem like a little bit of a uh repeat of some of the last few things, but there's just some points that I I I don't know if I could ever express how beautiful it is and how inspiring it is to me about being elected. to recognize that we have the ability to hear this word for our age is something that can never be underestimated or or overrated or or or said enough. I don't think it's something that we ought to celebrate to never ever take for granted the fact that we know that God sent a prophet. The only way that we really know that we can say we know that God sent a prophet because mom and dad said God sent a prophet and that's knowledge. But we don't want knowledge. Knowledge has got to do something for us. Knowledge has to get us to a place where it can move from the head down into the heart where God begins to reveal to us what that knowledge means. What does it mean to be a son of God? What does it mean to be a daughter of God? What does it mean to be elected to be predestined to actually be sons of God? That is the greatest calling that there is this side of eternity. Amen. There's no higher calling. There's no higher order. We could be a king. We could have all of the money and all of the Lamborghinis and all of the gold and all of the stuff. We could even have I believe in the message. Brother Brandham talks about it. What would you rather have? A thousand years? Would you rather have life for a thousand years and go to hell or actually live one more day? Maybe Brother Brown doesn't say it. Somebody else might. I I'm probably confusing myself. But live one more day and actually have eternal life. Or live as a popper, not have any money, eat soda crackers, and drink branch water, but know that you're a son of God. Amen. being predestined. Predestination, it looks back to fornowledge and fornowledge looks on destiny. Brother Brandham said, and we talked about this from the book of Ephesians, chapter 1. And sometimes I think it's just so wonderful to to read it and uh I'm I'm probably not going to go there tonight with us. I don't want to belabor it. But if we ever become a little bit down and a little bit confused about our walk and and what it means to truly be elected to to to be called to the highest position that we ever could be, Ephesians chapter 1 is a really good place to start. And I I believe it goes right back to talking about the children of Israel going into the promised land. You know, we know that brother Brandham said that the book of Ephesians perfectly parallels the book of Joshua. And maybe I've got that backwards. Once again, I confused myself. The book of Joshua perfectly parallels the book of Ephesians. The fact of the matter is the children of Israel are coming out of bondage, being slaves into the glorious liberty, taking on the divine nature, coming out of bondage and into freedom, being able to worship God the way that their fathers were promised in a land flowing full of milk and honey with no task masters over them. But we know it wasn't very long after they got in their promised land, what were they doing? looking around at all the other things in the world through the lust in their lives. And what did they do? They desired a king. They wanted to have a king like who? They wanted a king like their enemy. Not like their leader. They had God. But the prophet for the day just wasn't enough. Oh my. That prophetic utterance coming forward all the time telling them what to do. That guy, he thinks he's the only pebble on the beach, as it were. So they wanted to have a king just like their enemies. And we know that the prophet was insulted by that. The prophet was hurt by that. There was so many emotions in that prophet's heart. And we know God said to him, "You know what? They're not rejecting you. They're rejecting me." And it's no different today. When people reject the prophet, when people reject church order, they're not rejecting that church. They're not rejecting the prophet. They're rejecting God. But predestination about being called. I think it's so beautiful. Oh my. I was listening to uh proving his word and I just got so inspired by it. You know, God always proves his word. Many times we want to try and prove God's word, but we don't have to prove nothing. We've got nothing to prove. God will prove his word as long as we step back and allow him that opportunity to prove it in our lives. And when we're predestinated, when we're elected, we always will get in line with his word. We always will allow him to prove his own word in our lives. We won't have to do a thing about it. But I think footsteps being possession as the prophet taught us is such a beautiful thing. It's one thing to talk about the children of Israel coming out of the promise out of Egypt out of hard bondage for 430 years being overtime for the promise and then going into the land flowing full of milk and honey and seeing God move on their on their midst o over and over again killing their enemy pushing back all the borders giving them houses giving them gardens giving them honey and and and milk all of the stuff he promised just giving it to them and alls they had to do was surrender to him it's no different for us Today, brothers and sisters, the only thing is we're not coming out of a land. We're not coming out of a church. What we're doing is coming out of ourselves. This is the bondage right here. We've got to come out of this and get into him. But when we get into him, then we have full possession. And better yet, we don't have full possession. He has full possession. And when he has full possession, I I just think it's beautiful. We become the elected. We understand truly who our position is. And when the devil comes around, we can tell him to beat it. Now, we all live in the human condition. And I I'll tell you, I am no exception to that rule. And and I just can't help but think the Lord really wanted to do something special tonight because it was a slug of a of a a journey to get here today. But, you know, the Lord is good. And many times it feels like we've got to prove his word. We've got to do something. We just need to get in our position. And if we would focus in getting in our position, then we give him the opportunity to move. And I remember hearing about it just a little while ago. I think when I was in Edmonton, I was talking to someone about it about just staying in our lanes. If we could just stay in our lanes, if we could just get in our positions and do our very best in our positions, then God can move in our midst. Amen. Amen. But I just think this is beautiful. This uh this second epistle of Peter here, the beginning of it talking about, you know, if we're if we're rather making and giving diligence to make our own calling and election sure, then you know, we're going to be doing all these things. We're going to be adding to our faith virtue and to our virtue knowledge and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience. Patience godliness, godliness, brotherly kindness, brotherly kindness, charity. And you know, we'll be doing this by following God's word without really realizing that I'm going to add to my faith virtue today. Now, I'm going to go over to the cupboard and I'm going to grab some knowledge and I'm going to open up to another chapter in the Bible and I'm going to find some temperance and then I'm going to press play in a message and I'm going to get me some patience. That's not the way it works. This is a spiritual blessing. This is the divine nature is what we're talking about. And there's only one way for this to come and that's by yielding to the Holy Ghost, Jesus Christ himself. And I think it's such a wonderful thing to know that, you know, we can be justified, picked up out of the chicken yard, that cup, we can be sanctified, all cleaned up and and set in the cupboard and set aside for service, maybe even set upside down so no dust can get in the cup. It's going to stay perfectly sterilized as good as can be. And then, you know, we can get filled. There's coming a time because we're set aside for service. Someone's going to take us out of the cupboard and fill us up. We're going to get filled. But you know, it's not just getting filled with the Holy Ghost. It's actually giving way. It's going further and giving way to Jesus Christ, the person of Jesus Christ, to live inside of our bodies, to live inside of our minds, to no longer be the same same humans that we once were. Let's turn over to Romans chapter nine. I believe we read this uh last time, but I just want to read it again. We're certainly thankful that brother Mvin and Sister Fay have made it back as well. They were in Rome for an anniversary trip and I believe the Lord really blessed them. It was pretty uh it was pretty funny when I was in Saskatoon. I preached on the masterpiece like we were preaching on it here and uh one of the brothers in the congregation is friends with brother Wayne Lawson and uh by the time I got out of service I had a picture on my phone of the exact masterpiece that we were preaching on that that sculpture of Moses. Brother Wayne was standing there at the time and had just taken the picture of that sculpture. It was really shocking to me to get out. I thought, is this a joke? And he was actually there in Rome. And brother Mvin sent me the same picture. It's pretty neat to see that that sculpture is uh is something else. It's really neat when we know about the masterpiece. We're not going to preach on that tonight, but uh welcome back, brother Murvin and Sister Fay. In Romans chapter 9 verse 1, I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost, that I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart. For I could wish that myself were a cursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh. How many of us tonight would be able to say that same thing for our brothers and our sisters? Woo. Who are Israelites to whom pertainth the adoption and the glory and the covenants and the giving of the law and the and the service of God and the promises whose are the fathers and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ came who is over all God blessed forever. Amen. Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they are are not all Israel, which are of Israel. Neither because are neither because they are the seed of Abraham are they all children. But in Isaac shall thy seed be called. That is they which are the children of the flesh. These are not the children of God, but the children of the promise are counted for the seed. Amen. For this is the word of promise. At this time will I come and Sarah shall have a son. Now, we know this is actually Paul the Apostle speaking to the Romans in this epistle, quoting Genesis 18, talking about the three men that came to the plains of Mammory and met Abram and Sarah while they were in the tent. And we know that Abram, he recognized one Lord. Amen. Even though there was three, he said, "My Lord, come in." And we talked about this last time. I think it's so beautiful to think how much time did they get to spend together. They must had some conversation for the amount of time it would take to bake the bread, cook it, uh uh slaughter a cow, cook it up, wash the feet, be able to fellowship with Elohim. We I just it's mind-boggling to think about, but that's what happened. And uh that's what they're quoting here. That's what Paul's quoting here in uh Romans chapter nine. that whole story and and we know that even at that time Sarah she laughed up her sleeve brother Brandham said and if it wasn't for her being a part of Abraham he would have destroyed her but he would have hurt his son also so he never did that what a mighty God we serve in Romans 9 verse 10 and not only this but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac, for the children not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth. Amen. It was said unto her, "The elder shall serve the younger. At is as it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated." How can we explain this verse? How can we explain this chapter? It's God's choice. And we know that in the church age book, we studied it. This is where this whole question came up. But brother Bradom says it that we have to just simply accept it. We have to accept the way God's choice is. There's no way that we can comprehend this with the human mind. We can't reason it. We can't even really understand it. But we trust God. And every single one of us for us to recognize that one of us is Esau and one of us is a is my goodness to think about this. The children not yet being born, neither having done any good or evil. My goodness, one of them is chosen unto election, and the other one is chosen unto destruction. God's choice. That's where I I just can't believe it when we maybe sometimes find ourselves getting a little puffed up in our minds thinking that we've done something or we're going to do something or we are something. We're nothing. We're God's choice. It's because he chose us first. How could we ever put the finger on anybody and say serpent seed? How could we ever say someone is out and someone is in? This is God's choice. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But we know the devil gets in and allows some people to think that's part of the divine nature. I've got that divine nature. So I'm part of God. So maybe I can help make a decision for him, right? And that's just the devil. Because we know Christ would that everyone would repent and come to full adoption. I just think it's beautiful. You know, the uh the scripture that we read here is interesting because in in in verse 7 it says, "Neither because they are the seed of Abraham are they all children. Just because they're in that lineage doesn't mean they're all children. Just because I have children, I'm going to say this and and it hurts to even say it. doesn't mean that all of the lineage beyond me are actually counted to the promise. I want to say they are, but it's not my choice. It's God's choice. Amen. I trust him. Amen. I'm going to do everything I can to encourage my lineage. Everything I can, not to discourage my lineage, but to encourage. Neither because are they the seed of Abraham are they all children. But in Isaac shall thy seed be called. Only through one. And now I'm not saying this because we have a son named Isaac. I'm sorry. Benjamin and Christopher, don't worry. Both of your names are in the Bible and you're in the lineage. It's good. But this is what the word said about Isaac. And uh we know through him there was Esau and Jacob. But verse eight, it says that is they which are the children of the flesh. These are not the children of God. But the children of the promise are counted for the seed. For this is the word of promise. At this time will I come and Sarah shall have a son. I just can't help but think that Romans 8:14 says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." Verse 13 says it. For if you live verse 12, therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh. If we're caught up living in the flesh, then we're we're we're missing the point here. Verse 13 says, "For if you live after the flesh, ye shall die. But if ye through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For ye have not received the bond the spirit of bondage again to fear. Remember that that fear is a spirit. But ye have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." And this is the beautiful part. Verse 16, I think, is really where I I say it often, is where the rubber meets the road. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the sons of God. And I think it's so beautiful because that's why the sons and daughters have come out to church on a Wednesday night because we know that we should uh forsake not the assembling of ourselves even more so as we see that day approaching and we know that it's never been closer than it is tonight. You know, last time I think we talked about the the faith of Abraham. I'm going to read the same quote again. It's just so good. Um, the faith of Abraham 1955. Abraham, what was it now? God called Abraham because he was a good man. No, God called Abraham by election. God elects people. And as we talk about this, I want to say this tonight. You know, Brother Brandham said it. There's one clear evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. At one time, he thought it was love. And true enough, people who do know Jesus Christ, they have love. And we know that that's the the the crowning virtue of the seven virtues that we read there is charity, which is love. But it's also the Holy Ghost. And you know, the the the unfailing proof that brother Brandham said when he had the conversation with the teacher, Dr. Lee Vale. He said that that that unfailing proof God corrected him on that in that conversation that he had with Dr. Lee Vale where he said, you know, I'm sure that it's love. He said God came and told brother Bradam afterwards, you know what it is? Is your ability to receive the word for your day. That is the evidence of the Holy Ghost. Because the devil can impersonate any gift. The devil can speak in any language. The devil can even interpret. The devil can give a lot of money. The devil can come as a an angel of light into Martin's study. We know that story. The devil can impersonate any gift, but he cannot take the word of God. He doesn't believe it. He just doesn't believe it. He just plain doesn't believe the word of God. He doesn't believe that he is actually going to be destroyed. He believes that he's going to win. He believes that. He doesn't believe that there's truly adopted sons and daughters of God. He didn't believe that Jesus was God. He still doesn't. And you still hear that spirit pop up every now and again. It's just a man. Yeah. Right. God elects people. And over in the book of Ephesians, the first chapter and about the fifth verse, Paul states the word predestinated us to the adoption of sons. We didn't even choose that position. He predestinated us to that. We just came to the place where we're we're recognizing it. What me did you ever have that realization? You've been predestinated to be a son of God, an adopted son of the most high God. 8.3 billion people in this world. And he chose you. And I'm going to jump to the bunch line. I'm going to get to a little bit later. But he chose you for a reason. Because every single church age there has been, he has had a representation of not the Bible, not the church himself. He's had a representation of himself. Why? So that he can prove his own word in those people. So if you are an adopted son, an adopted daughter of God tonight, he has made you that so he can prove his own word through you. God elects people. I love that Paul states the word predestination. predestined us to the adoption of sons. Now, that doesn't mean God just puts you in a little channel and runs you through and you can't help how you go. What would be no reward, but God gives you the free moral agency to recognize your day and its message. He gives you the free moral agency to say, "Mama, that's me. I recognize it." Amen. And you know what that is, brothers and sisters? I think that's so beautiful. That's where God is starting to see his masterpiece. He's starting to see himself reflecting back. He doesn't just put you in a little channel and run you through. God gives you the free moral agency, my to make your choice. But God will keep his believer. Isn't that beautiful? I just got into this a little bit today and I was thinking about Jonah, Jonah and the whale. We often talk about it and you know, brother Random, he tells the story and he makes it real clear when he talks about Jonah and I'm just going to jump on it for a couple minutes here. We still have lots of time. Thank you, Lord. He he talks about Jonah in the denominational world. You hear them talk about him being a backslider. He's a bad guy. Jonah, he's running from God. And Jonah, how terrible he is. Brother Brandham says, "No, no, no. He was in the will of God. He was actually not a backslider. Jonah was doing exactly what God wanted him to do." Now, some people would say, "Brother Barry, why would you say that?" Because if he would have just went to the people of Nineveh, he could have preached to them. But you know, one thing Brother Bradam brings out in the message is would they have received him? Probably not. Why not? because they worshiped fish. And he also brings out a correction with the denominational world that it wasn't a whale, that it was a fish. The Bible says a fish. These people worshiped fish. The god of fish. And what happened? The god comes to the shore and spits out a prophet. And the prophet goes and gives them a prophetic utterance and says, "Repent or perish." Isn't it beautiful? That's the same prophet that came to this age, too, that said, "Just get back in line with the word. Repent or perish." And the truly elected will repent. Because God always keeps his believer. He doesn't let his believer go. No, no, no. He might take his believer to the bottom of the ocean for a couple days and maybe cause them to look around and and see seaweed this direction and see seaweed that direction and and seaweed and seaweed and and everything you see is problem problem until one day that time comes in our life where we start to think wait a second this is not my position this is not my calling there's a temple that I've been told if I look towards that temple and I pray, oh my, that he'll hear my prayer. Now, this is a this is a a Jew quoting a prayer like that, brothers and sisters. How much more a son and daughter, a a predestinated son and daughter, an adopted son and daughter, someone who is elected by fornowledge before the foundation of the world, who would lift up their voice, who would close their eyes and open their heart and say, "Lord, hear my prayer. Yes, God will keep his believer. So beautiful. He goes on to say, "And predestination is a hard word among a congregation of people because predestination really fornowledge is a better word. And predestination looks back to fornowledge. And fornowledge looks onto destiny. were destined to sit with him in his throne, judging angels, judging the the billions and billions of people throughout all the ages predestined to set there with him. And predestination looks back to fornowledge, full knowledge, looks at destiny that God being infinite in the beginning knew the end from the beginning. Sometimes I think we just need to take courage in in in reading this and just just knowing that he he knows everything from the end to the beginning and and it's all completely under his control. Therefore, he knew what people would do. He's not surprised by our behavior. Sometimes, many times, I'm surprised by my behavior. Are you ever surprised by your behavior? I know we're surprised by other people's behavior, but sometimes we we just need to take a step back and gasp and think, "Did I say that? Did I do that? Did I think that?" But he knew all about it. Before there was a speck of stardust, he knew that's who we would be. And that our free will would always come subject to his word. It's so beautiful to think that he has that under control. My He knew what people would do. He knew what I would do. He knew what you would do. so he could foretell what would take place for he knew what would be. I think this too brothers and sisters I have to say it is you know we say many times the ability to to have the evidence of the Holy Ghost in our life is to say amen to the word of God. You know saying amen to the word of God is only that much of it. Some people might say brother Barry that's not what the prophet said. But I'll say this. If we truly say amen to the word of God, that means that we will live the word of God. And even more so than that, that means that the word of God will begin to live out through us. We don't even have to try. We just love our brother. We don't have to try. It's so beautiful. He goes on to say here, therefore he before Esau or Jacob, either one was born, God could say, Esau I've hated and Jacob I loved because he forneew what they could be. He never made Esau the way he was. He wasn't willing that Esau would be that way. But Esau by choice, God knew would take that way. And brothers and sisters, I I just want to try and pull this out of here tonight. Pull this out of the message and and spread it around a little bit for us to look at and think about all of the esau that we see in this world. How many es do we see? We don't know. But how many of them do we have an opportunity to try and encourage, to try and love, to try and show them Jesus Christ? We know the message says this might be the only Jesus Christ they'll ever see. is that moment of interaction in our life. If we're a Jacob and he loved us, I can't see how we could ever hate another human being. You know, Brother Brandham said when he went into the regions of the lost, he came back. He said, "You wouldn't wish that on your worst enemy." I can't imagine what it would be like. I don't want to imagine what it would be like. But to have a prophet of God say that, I've been there and I've seen it. And we wouldn't wish that on our worst enemy. Boy, he never made Esau the way he was. Can you imagine that? He never made him the way he was. He chose it. He chose that. You've heard it said many times that, you know, we're going to fight our way to heaven and we're going to fight our way to hell. It's our choice. We're free moral agents. And I know that might get some people upset to say that because the true believers aren't going to fight their way to hell. What they are going to do is fight their way to actually surrendering to the word, to surrendering to some prayer time, to surrendering to coming to church on a Wednesday night. He never made Esau the way he was. He wasn't willing that Esau would be that way. But Esau by choice, God knew, would take that way. So that's how he knows us today. He knows your heart. And if you might be able to fool your neighbor, you might be able to fool your pastor, but you'll never be able to fool God because he knows your heart. I say, "Lord, have mercy. Lord, help me." Therefore, he by election he chose Abraham. And remember, brothers and sisters, Abraham was given an unconditional covenant. Unconditional. Can you imagine that? If you had an unconditional covenant in this world with anything, maybe you had an unconditional covenant with a bank account. You just had a bank card. And maybe it was gold or platinum color and there was no limit. It was just unconditional. Don't worry about it. Just help yourself. As much as you want, just go ahead and take. You had an unconditional discharge from a judgment with a judge. Have you ever seen that before? Where somebody has to go before a judge for charges that are brought up against them and and a judge says, "You know what? I I see no need to follow up with this and I'm going to issue an unconditional discharge. That means there's no more charges. There's no more record. There's nothing unconditionally set free. to think that Abraham was given an unconditional covenant with God, to be a friend of God, to be the heir, to be the one that God chose to have the lineage come through. And we as sons and daughters are the royal seed of Abraham. Amen. If he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, brothers and sisters, you got an unconditional covenant with God. And I think that's so beautiful. I've got an unconditional covenant with God. It just is so humbling. It just makes me want to scream and shout. It makes it so easy to worship when we can recognize election. Goodness. Therefore, he by election he chose Abraham for he knew what Abraham would do. And you remember when he called him out there and said he'd not keep that secret from him when he was going down to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah. He said,"For I know Abraham will teach his children. I know it. God himself. I know that Abraham will send this message on down from one to the other generation." So, brothers and sisters, when we hear these words, can we recognize that we're willing recipients because of fornowledge? We're here. God knew that we would be here, but we're actually receiving what he knew Abraham would take and pass down properly through his lineage. My, we are recipients of that. That message sent down from one generation to the other down through time. What was it? 2,000 years, 2500 years, 3,000 years, maybe more. 4,000. Brother Mvin would be able to nail it for us, I'm sure. Thousands of years, generation to generation to generation to generation to generation. This message, the same message, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus Christ who met with Abraham on the plains of Mamry. And now we know people will say, "Well, brother Barry, that was that was a man and and brother Brandham said that he picked up a 16 elements and stepped into a body." But who was it? Who is Melzdc? Just listen to that message. Who is Melzdc? Who is Jesus Christ? The third person or the second person? He's the person of the Holy Trinity. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. the name of God to man, Jesus Christ. But God for knowing that and knowing that Abraham would do it, then he told Abraham in the beginning that he would save him and save his seed after him. And you're his seed after him and would give him the unconditional covenant that he made with Abraham, not because he was good, but because God was good. And every believer here is a Christian tonight. Not that you're good, because God was good to call you. That's why we're here tonight. It's so beautiful. Then let's turn over to Romans 11. Amen. Romans 11. Romans 11 verse. Well, we just start with verse one. Why not? I say then, hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite of the seed of Abraham of the tribe of Benjamin. God hath not cast away his people, which he forneew. What ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? How he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying, Lord, they have killed thy prophets. dig down thine altars, and I am left alone, and they seek my life. But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved myself 7,000 men who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal. Even so then, at this present time also, there is a remnant according to the election of grace. And I I just have to say it tonight. We can see it right here tonight. There is a remnant according to the election of grace. And if by grace then it is no more works. Otherwise, grace is no more grace. So it doesn't matter how many times we come to church. Doesn't matter how we comb our hair. Doesn't matter how clean our rims are on our car. It doesn't matter how long we've served God. It doesn't matter. It's not works. It's election. It's fornowledge. It's predestination unto election by his grace. But if it be of works, then it is no more grace. Otherwise, work is no more work. What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for, but the election hath obtained it. and the rest were blinded. This scripture here just jumps out at me to think about it. The rest were blinded. Israel hath not obtained it, that which he seeks. Israel, we know Jacob, he had his name changed, right? that night where he was alone in prayer. He took his time and he found himself coming face to face with the angel of the Lord. And what happened? This was before he crossed over following the Lord. A and what happened was he actually had a change in his walk. He wrestled with that angel. Some of the stories are just amazing to think about. Hey, would we be able to wrestle with an angel of the Lord? And to think that this wasn't just any ordinary angel either. This was the angel that actually changed his name. This is another version, another example of how God expresses himself to people. And and here we have this man. He got his name changed and his walk changed. I say, "Lord, please change my name and change my walk. Let me not walk the same as I used to walk." But all of Israel, the the Jews, they are still trying to seek this blessing and they're not finding it. They're blinded for our sakes. But the election hath obtained it just because they're elected to. But we know any day now we're going to see witnesses pop up in Israel and and who knows whether the bride is going to be here or gone. We don't know, but we know that's going to happen. And and the anointing on the Gentile church is lifting off and it's heading back to Israel. And you know, it's interesting, brothers and sisters. I I do watch the news because I'm very interested in all the happenings that are going on, which I'm sure we all are. But did anybody see that the Pope has now spoken out about Gaza? There's a brand new pope that pops up and immediately he's talking about Gaza. Now, we need to come to the aid of the Gazins. What does that mean? That means now the whole world is going to start coming against how late is it? My goodness. You know, it's beautiful. Another example that brother Brandham uses is God has an economy and he talks about Abraham being a silver dollar and Lot just being a maybe a penny. And you know, God has an economy and and there's people that are silver dollars and there's half dollars and maybe there's loonies. There's loonies for sure and there's tunis. God has an economy. It's God's economy. It's not up to us to choose who's who who's what what our what our value is. We know that one soul is worth 10,000 worlds. That's what the word says. That's what we want to take it at. We don't want to try and put anybody in or anybody out. God's economy is is his election and it's so beautiful. In 1964, brother Brandham, he preaches a sermon called God's word calls for a total separation from unbelief. He says, "All these believers, as we could go on for hours, all these were like a bunch of change out of your pocket in God's hands. You pull out a bunch of change. There is pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, half dollars, dollar, all in coins." Now, that's what the world is in God's hand. There's some people that can just have a penny's worth of it, and God can only use them in a penny way. And you know, Lord, forgive us for thinking that that that one should actually be used in a dollar way. He says that's all they can buy. But don't reject them. If they can't believe the real truth, don't turn them down. Don't kick them out and say they're not in it because God uses pennies sometimes. And I love that because even though the prophet said that just because the governments have kicked out pennies, it doesn't mean there's no pennies in God's economy. And you know, you can take copper and you can polish it up pretty shiny. It's got a pretty good shine when it's polished properly. But you know, God uses pennies sometimes. And he says it here, Lot was just a penny. Abraham was a silver dollar. So it taken a hundred lots to make an Abraham. And you know, brothers and sisters, there's the elected people that will go in the rapture. There's a very few people that will actually take the rapture. And you know, Brother Brandham, he said it in a city of a million people, there ought to be one person crying, and that ought to be you crying, Lord, let it be me. Yes. And that's astounding to think about in a city like this because we can look at how big is this city. How many people are in this city? It's just over a million people. We don't want to see one person from this church go. We want to see the whole church go. But to think there's other people in this city that might not go in the rapture, but that doesn't mean they're not actually still in the economy of God. Right? You know, there's five wise and there's five unwise virgins. And we talk about them many, many times. But the five wise, the difference between them and the unwise is they had oil. The wise ones had oil. They're the ones that wanted to actually continually ask the Lord to top them up with the Holy Ghost because the oil typifies the Holy Ghost. And you know, we can never ever preach too much on the baptism of the Holy Ghost because without the Holy Ghost, there's no rapture. Without the Holy Ghost, we are not saved. We are lost as lost can be. And you know, we might have the Holy Ghost, but our children might not. And you know, if our children do, someone else's children might not. So, how could we ever say, "Oh my, we've heard enough about talking about the Holy Ghost." You know, Jesus was here and he walked in the flesh. God came down in many different forms and expressed himself, but he has given himself in a form today. And how is that? That's the son of man ministry, the Holy Ghost, the word for our day, taking it and eating it up and letting it actually become who we are. Improving his word. I think this is so beautiful. Brother says this, he was in the feet in Luther, in the thighs, in Wesley, in the shoulders in Pentecost. See what I mean? He is the head. You have a part that joins that together. This hour that we're living now, not the feet part, not the thigh part, not the shoulder part, but the neck part. Is that right? It joins to the head. That's the part of the body. And every time I I think about this and and read about it and consider it, I just can't help but think about how brother Menow Fzen talked about it. And he said, you know, in in that that that pyramid that's not capped, that capstone ministry that comes down to the pyramid that will fit exactly on top. It's exactly the same size, precisionely cut. That capstone ministry will be perfectly fit together. And there won't be any mortar between that capstone ministry and the body. When the head and the body come together, there will be no mortar. There's no joint. And we know that's the same in our lives, too. And I love how he uses this example. And we can say this is brother Brandham giving this example, but we know that this is a prophetic utterance by God through his prophet. He's giving us these examples for a reason so that we would understand it. So that the head thinks and the hand moves. The head thinks and the leg moves. And the head thinks and the mouth speaks. That's the way it the way it works. Excuse me. Brother Bradom, he says this. Is that right? It joins to the head. That's the part of the body. Those that are asleep in Jesus will God bring with him. The trumpet of God shall sound, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Isn't that beautiful? We're so close, brothers and sisters. My is that right? See, you become a part of that word. You become a part of him and you take his name to recognize it. See, you're placed in there. Not just placed in there, not just positioned in there, right? We're baptized into his name, into his body. This is why it's so beautiful and it's this this scripture has to apply to every single believer and there's no way around this. There is no getting around this. There's no loopholes with this. I love it. By one spirit. What spirit is that? Is it the spirit of our church? Is it the spirit of the message? Is it the spirit of whatever? It's not. It's the spirit of Jesus Christ. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that's why there's so much contention with the message of the hour today because just it's amazing how so many people, millions and billions of denominational folks, they want to say that there can be a triune baptism. You can be baptized in the name of the father and the name of the son, name of the holy ghost. And we know that that's in the scripture. But what is the name of each one of them? We know that's Jesus Christ. We've gone over that already. But why is that such a contentious thing about the message of the hour? The reason for it is you will not receive the true baptism of the Holy Ghost outside of following the word of God. And following the word of God is truly saying amen to the word. Amen. You're placed in there baptized into his name, into his body by one spirit. We are all baptized in one body into here. Just exactly like the same position. He never changes his way. Isn't that beautiful? Just like from the book of Acts, he never changes his way. When Peter preached that sermon, when they stumbled out like drunk people out of the upper room, he never changed his way. We know people have changed their way. The church ages changed their way. That antichrist spirit creeps in to the framework of the Christian church. How? We know we read all about it in the church age book. Through politics, through men trying to determine how the church ought to operate instead of allowing the leadership of the Holy Ghost to run the church. That that Antichrist spirit creeps in and causes the church to become lukewarm, formal, and powerless. Amen. Why? But he never changes his way. If how many believes the early church is in him? Let's see how many believes it. How were they baptized? All right. See, he's unchangeable God. And we know that in the Bible, that's the thing that brother Brandham brought out so many times. Show us in the Bible where someone was baptized in the book of Acts onwards where they were baptized in the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. in a trinitarian baptism. It doesn't exist. It's not even in the word. But we know everyone's doing it, so it must be right. Right. Just like we could say a lot of things politically, everybody's doing it. And you know what? It can actually be become legal. So it must be okay, right? Paul said it. All things though all things are ex are are lawful they're not all expedient. It doesn't mean that it's actually going to be a good thing for us to do it. And we know uh some folks would say well you know a little wine for the stomach's sake and that can be even in and around the message. I know folks that do it and they want to do it and that's okay. You have to go as you're as you're led. You know, the word speaks expressly about drinking alcohol and in in a couple different ways, but we know what the prophet said. And uh I think it's it's so good because we all have to be led by the Holy Ghost. I think as soon as we start to instigate dos and don'ts, that's where we lose truly lose the leadership of the Holy Ghost. the the the do and don't that I would preach that I really will stand behind is get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Then he the Spirit of truth will lead us and guide us all into all truth. But as long as we want to try and adhere to some former teaching or some former theories, what's going to happen is we're going to ground the power of the Holy Ghost from being able to lead us. I know myself, I heard it said speaking about alcohol expressly, I I don't want my children to see a little bit of alcohol in my life. I just don't want them to see it. I don't think they need to see it. I don't think there's any need for alcohol. Some people might be disagreeing with me here, and that's okay. Some people might say, "Well, Brother Barry, you were delivered from it. You were an alcoholic, so you you just are afraid of it, and you're running from it." You know what? I'm not afraid of alcohol. I drink wine for communion and you know I drink as much as I want to. Just like cigarettes, I smoke just as much as I want to. Just like weed, cannabis, I could go to the the store and buy cannabis. I smoke as much of it as I want to. People are saying, "Brother Barry, why you saying that? You're being recorded. You're live. You know what? I don't do any of it." Because I don't want it. Once upon a time, I did want it. But you know what? I got baptized by the Holy Ghost. Amen. And it changed me. It made me into a new creature. Every one of us as elected sons and daughters of God, we will allow ourselves to be baptized with the Holy Ghost. We will just come in line with the word for our day. He says, "How how many believes it? How are they baptized?" All right. See, he's unchangeable God. We proved that. We could stay here till midnight tonight. proving that. Isn't that beautiful? We could do the same right now because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I love it. We can stay here till midnight tonight proving that. And I know many people are saying, "Brother Barry, would you please just call the musicians?" So, I'll say, "Okay, I'll just call the musicians." We won't stay here till midnight. But as we close tonight, I want to say this, proving that. And still go on and on and on. See, unchangeable. See, you are in him and a part of him because you were a part of the thinking before thinking of him. Before the foundation of the world, he called you. Amen. Have you heard him call your name? Some people have and some people haven't. Some people are looking at me like, "That's crazy talk." Some people have heard him call your name. If he's called your name, you'll never be the same. The Bible said the beast upon the earth, that's the denominational antichrist coming on the earth, forming the beast at Rome, which was the first denomination. And this world council of churches forms an image unto the beast. And this this is actually happening. while we're speaking here tonight. Just exactly what we just put in the book there the other day. Notice it forms that see the antichrist. And the Bible said all whose names were not written on the lamb's book of life when at the revival slain before the foundation of the world. Your name was put there. This antichrist will deceive you. I remember as a little kid hearing about this the beast and the antichrist and thinking that there'll be people that will just be deceived. Brothers and sisters, outside of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you will be deceived. I will be deceived outside of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's how important it is because it will be so close that it will deceive the very elected. So, I want to say it tonight. It's not going to be out there. It's going to be right in here. Amen. The devil is going to be right in here. And you know how he's going to be in here? I'll tell you how. He's going to be right in here getting into people's minds and saying that brother Barry, he did this and that brother Barry, he didn't do that. And that brother Barry, that brother Barry, that brother Barry and then go and talk about that brother Barry. And that is the Antichrist spirit. And as long as we entertain it, he has a foothold. But when we're willing to say, "Not this time, Satan. cuz I've got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. If I've got a problem with Brother Barry, I'm going to go and knock on his door. Not going to send him a text. I'm not going to call him. I'm going to go to him like the word says. But that's the Antichrist spirit. Yes, it is. That's how it will be so close. Brothers and sisters, we're going to preach the word. I'm going to do everything I can to bring the word of God. I'm going to actually die trying to speak this true pure word of God. Even if it takes my hide off. So, it ain't going to be me bringing a false doctrine. That's not going to happen. It's going to be the devil trying to come to church to get in our minds. But we're not blinded. Other people have been blinded. We have been elected. Elected to know the word of God. He says that antichrist, the antichrist would be so close like the real thing in the last days. It would deceive the very elected or predestinated. It's the same thing. Election and predestination is the same thing. God elected you or predestinated you before the foundation of the world will deceive all whose names were not predestinated on the book of life. Not deceive all those who just don't actually come to church, who just don't actually get saved. All of those people who weren't elected before the foundation of the world. That's why stand with me as we close tonight. I I just can't help but think about how humbling this truly is. This revelation when it goes from being knowledge in our head to revelation in our heart about how God called us before the foundation of the world. There's nothing that we did except for realize it. My I'll stop. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, we're so thankful that we can call you our father. We're so thankful that we can call you Lord. Oh father, we don't want to just call you our savior. Many people in this world know you as savior but are afraid to call you their lord because that's rulership. And father, we want to submit all of our lives unto you tonight, Father. every area, Father. Our finances, Lord, our careers, oh Father, our families, our spouses, oh Father, all that we would ever think or do, Lord, help us to surrender it unto you tonight, Father, that you would be Lord of all. That we would have no reservations, Lord Jesus, thinking that I'm just going to do it my way. I'm just going to do it the way that I feel, the way that I think. Oh, Father, let us all humble ourselves in your sight that you could pick us up, Lord Jesus. Father, tonight I pray that Lord, if there's anybody here that is desiring to to partake of the true baptism of your Holy Spirit, Lord, that you would just come on the scene and that you would prove your word to that person tonight, Lord. Father, that they would be able to see you in the power of your resurrection like they've never seen you before. Oh, Father, Lord, if there's any of of us here tonight, Lord, myself included, that just needs a little more of you, Father. Oh, Lord, I pray that you would just fill our cups, Lord, as we lift them up unto you tonight, Lord. Let us not leave this building tonight without knowing that we've heard from you once again, Lord. Father, we know that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if you've ever met us on these grounds once, Father, tonight we just want to come on these same sacred grounds. Lord, take off our shoes and reverence ourselves in your sight, Lord. Father, tonight we pray that you would be with those who aren't here tonight, Lord. Some traveling, some at home, maybe working. Father, whatever the case, we pray that you would bless them abundantly as well. Father, Lord, we love you and we thank you and we just commit all the words that were said tonight into your hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. We've been made more than conquerors. We've been made more than coner. Overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious. us through the blood of Jesus Christ called before the foundation. We've been made more than coner overcomers in this [Music] life. We've been made victorious. us through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made, we didn't do it. We've been made more than coner. Thank you, Lord. Overcomers in this life. We've been made victorious. us through the blood of Jesus Christ. Can we sing that song? Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all the kingoms of my heart. [Music] Jesus I surrender all. Jesus I surrender all. Jesus, I surrender all the kingoms of my heart. Amen. Can we sing the potter's hand tonight? Beautiful Lord. Wonderful Savior. Beautiful Lord. Wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all of my days are held in your hands. They're crafted into your perfect plan. And do you know that tonight you gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. eyes. Oh, I'm captured by your holy calling. You've set me aart, Lord. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Take me. God bless you tonight. Hold me. Use me. Fill me. I give my love. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music]
