################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 2025-04-13 Bro. Barry - Palm Sunday “Who Is This” - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    2025-04-13 Bro. Barry - Palm Sunday “Who Is This”
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63OEBpCw73k
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry
Sunday, April 13th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Lord, we pray that you move from person to person, Lord. Lord, answering their questions, answering their prayers, Lord Jesus Christ, giving them their heart's desire, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, above all, Lord, open our eyes, Lord, that we may see you, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus Christ, because no man can come unto you unless you call him, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, it is a miracle, Lord, to believe in your word. It is a miracle, Lord, to be here, Lord Jesus Christ, and leave all other things that we can be doing on this day. Lord, we love you, Lord. We bless your holy name. Lord, we pray for the minister, Lord, this morning, Lord Jesus Christ. We just want to hear your mind, Lord Jesus Christ, as you speak to your bride. And Lord, we just dedicate, Lord, the song leader, the musicians, Lord Jesus Christ, as they create an atmosphere, Lord, for your word to be planted in our hearts. Lord, we love you, Lord. We bless your holy name. And also those who are watching online, Lord Jesus Christ, may they receive their portion. We ask all these things, Lord, in your wonderful name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother. So, maybe shake someone's hand as you're seated. Visitors, friends, brothers and sisters of like precious faith. Wonderful just to make acquaintances with God's elected lady. Good to be here in the house of the Lord this morning once again. [Music] Aren't you glad for Calvary this morning? It's where it where the redemption story was played out. The life that was released from that blood that was shed is the Holy Ghost in each of us this morning. Think about it this morning at Calvary that happened for you and I. Well, years I spent in vanity and [Music] [Applause] [Music] pride was for me. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] go to hell. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] There was no heat. [Music] Oh yes I Jesus [Music] [Applause] [Music] every so [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh yes. Mercy there. Grace was free. There was [Music] [Applause] multi. Can we not sing this? He was so faithful. He took that burden upon himself. Here we are. Our eyes have been open. We've seen the coming of the Lord. What a blessed people we are this morning. Oh, great is thy faithfulness. Oh God my father, there is no shadow of turning with me. Oh, thou changest not thy compassions they fail not. As thou hast been, thou forever will be. Oh yes, great is thy faithfulness. Oh, great is thy [Music] faithfulness. Glory thy glory. Your mercies I see. Oh, I have God. Oh, great is thy nameful Lord of the fors and a peace that endure. Oh [Music] thous to cheer and to guide. Oh for today and right to blessings for mine with 10,000 beside. Oh yes. Great is my faithfulness. Oh, great is thy [Music] faithfulness. Glory, thy glory, [Music] Jesus. Oh, all I have is thy. [Music] Oh, great is thy faithfulness, Lord. And I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. All my days I'll be held in your hands. From the moment I wake up until I lay my hand for I will see the goodness of God. Is that your testimony this morning? Oh yes. Oh my you have been faithful. Oh yes, you're true. Oh yes. Oh my you have been so [Music] so I will sing the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have to through the fire in the night. You are close like make it personal. I know you as my father. I know my [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] so heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Oh, just bow our heads and hearts in a word of prayer. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your kindness, your faithfulness. Lord, you loved us, Father. You showed us great mercy. We stand here today, Father, because of thy longsuffering, thy kindness, thy mercy, thy grace. Lord, many times, Father, we ask, why? Why me, Lord? But, Father, we're so thankful. As we stand here today with the joy and the peace and the liberty of thy spirit, we can't help but Lord think about our loved ones that do not know you in this matter. Father, we cry out today on their behalf. Lord, we have mothers, we have fathers, we have children, some of us may even a spouse, uncles, co-workers, father. We want to bring as many of them with us as we can. Father, Father, we ask that you would extend the same mercy and kindness. Father, use us, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings and our failures, Lord, of not manifesting your word, Father, fully. Forgive us, Father, if we brought shame or a slight or, Father, a stumbling block to anyone. Yes, Father. We're just so thankful. Time is so short, Lord. And we see what you've done for us, Lord, and doing and constantly, Lord, and we just want to offer back in reverence, Lord, all of our being, Lord, every office we hold, Father. May you manifest yourself, Lord. We surrender. We yield. That's why we're here today, Lord, to lift you up and praise you for what you've done, Father, and what you're doing, but also, Lord, to be filled more and more, filled, aresh with thy spirit, Lord, so we can help others, Father. Lord, we love you, Lord. Thou know us. We love you. We love you, Lord. Yes, sir. We also love our families, Lord. So, Lord, hear our cry this day. and we'll leave it in your hands knowing Lord that you are just, you are kind. You proved it to us, Lord. Father, as we bring our worship and praise, Father, we bring our tithes and offerings, Father, we give it back freely knowing that you gave it to us. Father, bless us, Lord, so we can give more. Father, we pray. Bless this service, Lord. We welcome you in Jesus name. Amen. We sing lead me Lord give deep lead. Lead me Lord. I will follow. Holy Lord. Oh, I will go together. Oh, you call me and I have to holy second. Your plans for me are perfect. I never need to fear. Oh, sometimes I know that you are here. My heart just wants to I'm ready [Music] to take my hand and lead me. I'll [Music] follow me. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, you have me and I have you and [Music] I pastor we'll sing even so come Lord Jesus as we invite our pastor Even so, let me give out. Even so, come Lord Jesus, come. Sing it as a prayer to him this morning. Oh, even so, take your ride away. My soul longs to be with you. Even so, even Lord Jesus, aren't you glad he comes? Raise your body. Lord, you are the Lord of my soul. [Music] God bless you. Amen. Lord, you are the love of my soul. One more time. Lord, you are Hallelujah. For you are the love of my soul. Exalted over all for you are exalted over all. [Music] before to worship. You are Lord. You are the Lord of my soul. Hallelujah. God bless you this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord. If you have a need this morning, maybe just make it known unto him as we go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, you are the lover of our soul. We're so thankful that we can sing this song, Lord Jesus, with assurance, Lord, knowing that even though as we've already heard our brother pray, we have faults and shortcomings, but Lord Jesus, our desire is that you would be the master over all of our lives, Lord. Over every single decision that we make, Lord, out of every single action that would happen in our lives, Lord. every single word that would come out of our mouth, Lord Jesus, that you would be the Lord over it all. Oh, Father, not just compartmentamentalize you and say when we go to church or maybe when we're in prayer or maybe when we're around other believers, but Lord, when we're alone, Father, when no one else can see but you, Lord Jesus. Oh father, let the meditation of our hearts Lord and the thoughts and the words on our lips Lord Jesus be pleasing unto you. Father, be the Lord of our lives. Oh Father, help us not to have any reservations. Lord, help us to cast down every single imagination. Lord, all of those traditions, all of those former teachings that would try and exalt themselves against you today, Lord. Father, and give you the preeminence, Lord, that one who has risen 2,000 years ago here in Calgary in our lives. Father, be our Lord. Father, as we go forward, we just want to remember the needs, Lord, that were made known unto you by way of an uplift hand. We know that you're more than able. Father, we want to stand with brother Johnny Hucklech. Father, trusting you, Father. all of the unspoken requests, Lord Jesus. We bring them to you, Father, and thank you for meeting their needs, Lord, according to your riches in Christ Jesus, according to your glory, your plan. We know that you're able to work them out and that you are even right now. Father, we just want to ask, Lord Jesus, if there's anybody here today that doesn't know you in the power of your resurrection, Lord, that you would just reveal yourself to them, Father. And Lord, if anybody here needs a refilling of your spirit, Lord, oh father, grant it to them in the name of Jesus. Lord God, we love you and we thank you for your goodness to us. You're so good to us, Lord. We just commit this service now into your hands for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. [Music] My if you have your Bibles this morning like to read from Matthew chapter 21. Matthew chapter 21 start with verse one. And when they drew nigh unto Jerusalem, and were come to Bethage unto the Mount of Olives, then sent Jesus two disciples, saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied and a colt with her. loose them and bring them unto me. And if any man say ought unto you, ye shall say, The Lord hath need of them, and straightway he will send them. All this was done that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet saying, "Tell ye the daughter of Zion, Behold, the king cometh unto thee meek and sitting upon an ass, the colt of a full of an ass." And the disciples went and did as Jesus commanded them, and brought the ass and the colt, and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon. And a very great multitude spread their garments in the way. Others cut down branches from the trees, and strod them in the way. And the multitudes that went before and that followed cried, saying, "Hosana to the son of David, blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana in the highest." And when he was come to Jerusalem, all the city was moved, saying, "Who is this?" Amen. And the multitude said, "This is Jesus, the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee." Let's just bow in prayer one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for your word. Thank you, Lord Jesus, that this many years later after this actually took place, we can be here and acknowledge it, Lord. We can be here and we can read these words by revelation, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we know that many people in the day in which we live, in the day in which you walked on the earth say and said, "Who is this?" But father, you have revealed yourself very greatly, Lord. And we thank you for that. We just ask Lord that you would bless the reading of your word, that you would bless all that's spoken, Father, all that's thought, all that we do today, Lord, that it would just bring glory unto you. We just commit this service into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. Certainly thankful to be back together again in the house of the Lord and uh certainly like to welcome all of our visitors. As we have so many in our midst from near and far, it's wonderful to see everyone. It's just wonderful to get together in the name of the Lord Jesus because we know the word says that where two or three are gathered together in his name that he's there. So any one of us that have any need there's nothing here that he is not able to meet. There's no problem too complex that he can't solve. There's no issue that he can't bring better results for us in our lives. Today we're observing the whole entire world is Palm Sunday. Whether people want to or not, it is the day in which we are experiencing. It's the Sunday before my Easter. And uh it's just a wonderful time to look at this scripture and and to realize what's actually taking place here. Many times the story is told in such a way that it's maybe like a Sunday school story and that you know there was a a fo of an ass a junior horse and and Jesus was able to be placed upon it and they had palm leaves and they gave reverence and they they honored Jesus as he came into the city but they didn't understand what was actually taking place at that time. And all of the city was moved is what the Bible said here. What a tremendous thought that is. All of the city was moved. And what did they say? Who is this? Why is the city so stirred up? What's the what's the attraction on the what's going on? Why do we have such a great stirring in the city? And it was Jesus. And I think it's so beautiful. My inspiration for today's uh today's message, today's gathering is from the message who is this in 1959 I believe brother Brandham preached it and it's just such a I think maybe some would call it such a simple message. Such a simple message but you know the deepest things are the most simple. That's the way God works. That's why before the seals were preached, it wasn't brother Brandham that opened them. It was the angel of the Lord that opened those seals and revealed them to him. And he was the conduit in which God used to express that to this world. But he preached a sermon called God hiding himself in simplicity but revealing himself in the same. Many times people want a great theology, great theologians, great ministries that have been around and are well seasoned and have the ability to actually maybe endure with things in the church. But you know, God will use a child. And if we have any questions about that, he said when the children came to him and the disciples were like, "No, get those snotty those little kids away from him. Don't let them come near him. He's the master. What did he say? He picked one up and put them up in his lap and said, "Unless you're willing to come as one of these, you're not in any way going to see the kingdom of God." So, I think it it really behooves us to make sure that we're not looking for something that we don't already have. God will use exactly what he chooses to use. And you know, many times we'll pray and pray and pray for an answer to our prayers, and God will give us the answer, and we'll still be praying for another answer even though he's given us an answer. What does that do for our relationship to him? What would it be like to be a parent and have a child say, "I would really like to have this from you, mommy or daddy. Can you do this? Can you meet this need for me in my life?" And you give it to them and they say, "No, mommy, can you meet this need in my life? Can you please meet this need in my life?" And you say, "Junior, I I already met that need in your life. You have it in your hand. It's right there. But I don't like this one. I want something else." What does that do? It's not good. Celebrating Palm Sunday, observing Palm Sunday, it's such a wonderful time. The whole world is a buzz. The whole world is energized. and not so much with Palm Sunday, but the whole world. I'm jumping ahead of myself and I'm just going to continue down this path. I hope it's okay. Today, I don't really have a lot of quotes, fortunately, for the people that don't like quoting, but the people who do, I'm sorry, I only have one or maybe two that I'm going to bring, but one that I actually sent the sound booth and it's real simple today. It's not going to be really complex, but I do feel inspired. I feel energized. I I feel electrified. I feel like preaching today. I don't feel like just having an ordinary service, just a traditional gathering of of brothers and sisters of like precious faith. If we didn't come here to actually hear from our theophanes, then why on earth did we come to church? Why do we go to church? Is it a tradition? If it's just a tradition, brothers and sisters, I want to tell you that will take you to the tribulation. But when we come to meet with God Almighty, when we come to give him honor and reverence according to him being the Lord over our lives, over every single thought and every single word, every single decision that we make, then something's going to happen. Brother Bradom, I'm going to read this quote here before we get going too far. I I've got I got some notes, but it's out of 19590510E. Who is this? The whole city is moved. The whole city is stirred wondering what's going on. Who is this? Brother, he says, "Oh, that night down yonder." Now, I I love how the prophet does this. He just talks about his experience. He doesn't bring a theological textbook ideology to the people to say this is how we ought to be. What he says is this is what happened to me. This is how my fire got lit. And he said, "If we don't have anything else to talk about in this world, if we can't remember the seals, if we can't remember revelations, if we can't remember the book of Hebrews or adoption series, any of that stuff, just tell how it got lit." After all, we're here to get people to Jesus Christ. And as soon as we forget that, I believe we need to get back to the altar, grab a hold of the horns of the altar, and say, "Lord, forgive me because I've lost my focus." But brother Bradom, he says this, talking about his experience. So that night down yonder, I might forget my age. I might even forget my name sometime, but I can never forget that hour when he delivered me from sin. If any of us ever comes to the place where we forget that hour, where we forget that time where we were able to have that real godly repentance in our lives, then we got a problem. We seriously have forgotten that our old sins have been purged from us. None of us, not one person has come without this redeeming power of Jesus Christ. I think it's so beautiful, you know, talking about godly repentance. The last phone call that we had, Lisa and I had, my wife, we spoke to Grandpa Clawson, Brother Pete Clawson, who's in glory now with his bride, with his daughter, with his grandson, with all the people that we love dearly. But the last conversation we had with him, we we just were able to talk freely and we said, you know, how did it happen? and how did you get saved? You know, who got saved first? And he expressed to us, he we talked to him for a while and he told us about how his wife got saved and and how the flame in her life, he was able to see God's transforming power in her life. And then he had this thing that just came over him and he called it godly sorrow, godly repentance. And he said it just was overwhelming. He couldn't escape it. And I just can't help but think that's the same thing for every single believer. We all have got to come to this experience. And I want to encourage us today, brothers and sisters. If we've forgotten this, ask God to remind us. If we've never experienced it, ask him that you can experience it. And he will show you. He even says it this way. It's like a woman giving birth. When women give birth, you don't forget that. And you know, all the brothers would understand this very clearly because when we talk about having pain in our lives and in our bodies, the women will always remind us there's nothing quite like child birth. We don't have to say very much and we get reminded of that. And you know, God allowed it to be that way. But he also gave them a a shot of a chemical right after they have their baby so that they can forget that pain. And that's scientifically proven. But it's uh it's an interesting thing. You just don't forget some things in life. And I believe God has given us the ability to have a God consciousness so that we will never forget him. But brother Brandham, he says, "Oh, that night down yonder, I might forget my age. I might even forget some my name sometime, but I can never forget that hour when he delivered me from my sin. Something took place down inside me that it's helped me through the great hours in darkness. The hour of my deliverance. The weights of sin left me and I was a new person. I've been a new creature in Christ Jesus ever since. Yes. And I just want to say to us, brothers and sisters, this is all about salvation. This is not about head knowledge. If if if someone's looking for theology and head knowledge and and and exposition of all of the different mysteries according to the word of God and the message of the hour, this is not the place. We're going to lead people to get to Jesus Christ because he is the teacher. He is the one who's going to bring the spirit of truth in our lives. Outside of the Holy Ghost, we're just reading text. Outside of the Holy Ghost, we're just good church members at best. Who wants to live in that realm? Every one of us need to be just like the disciples. Amen. Where we can look at people in this world and say, you know, silver and gold have I I don't have much, man. I don't have much I can give you, but what I've got, I am more than willing and able to give to you. And what that is is a shot at eternal life. If you want to know what makes me happy, I'll tell you the reason why I sing. It's because I know who my redeemer is. I know that he lives. And where does he live? He lives right here. You're looking at him. But we have the ability to bring restoration and healing to people's lives. Hope that people never have experienced before in this world. Brother Brandham said it and I'll continue to say it. We might be the only Jesus that people will ever see or experience in this world until they get to the white throne judgment. They'll be like, "Whoa, that guy that I met down there in Calgary, that guy, he he looks like that guy sitting on the throne. Oh my, and I treated him that way." Or, "Oh my, am I ever glad that I treated that guy good?" You never know. We don't know. It's up to God. He says, "I might even forget my name sometime. I can never forget that hour when he delivered me from my sins. Something took place down inside me and it's helped me through the great hours in darkness. The hour of my deliverance, the weights of sin left me and I was a new person. I being a new creature in Christ Jesus ever since. If we're looking to get people to church, it's not going to work. If we're looking to get people to an association, it's not going to work. If we're looking to get people to maybe a theology and and an ideology, just get in the message and everything will be okay. Just follow the prophet. It'll all be okay. If you just only go that far, you're not going to be okay. You have got to get to Jesus Christ because that's why he sent the prophet. The prophet was to introduce the bridegroom to the bride. And if there is an introduction, that's great. Jesus, brother Bradom, he said it. We we read it. You know, sometimes we can just get to Jesus Christ, that woman that had to fight her way to get through the crowd, right? We we talked about this the last couple services. She fought. Blind Barnameus, he fought. He yelled. They told them both to just shut up. Don't get out of order. Don't stand up when the song service is on. We don't want to have too much excitement around here. Don't play too hard. Don't don't don't shout too much. Don't Don't turn into one of those holy roller fundamentalists because we want it to be nice and quiet here. Remember, this is the quietest place we're ever going to live. It's going to be weeping, wailing, and nashing of teeth down in hell. They're going to be screaming the top of their lungs. This is what the prophet of God says. But in heaven, they're going to be rejoicing even louder because they know they're redeemed. And it's only by the election of God we're able to be redeemed, that we're able to say amen to the word of God. It's not a church membership. It's not a traditional teaching. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you know that blood that he shed at Calvary, it's for every single one of us. He would that we all would come and get to know him and the power of his resurrection. But not everyone can. We know that Cain and Abel had the exact same opportunity, didn't they? They had the exact same opportunity. One of them, they both had revelations. They both had revelation. Something fell into their heart and caused them to do something according to the way they believed with all their heart. One of them went and picked all the best fruit of the land. You can imagine the fruit that you would pick in the Garden of Eden. You can imagine what that must have been like around there. There would have been tremendous fruit. So, he put together, we know Cain put together all of the plants and fruits of the field. Just a tremendous, tremendous worship service. All the fruits. Oh my. And his brother, what did he do through his revelation? It wasn't very nice, was it? He grabbed a lamb, pulled back its neck, and chopped it to bits. Chopped that neck with a rock so that it or maybe a sharp knife. They probably had pretty good technology around then. But he chopped the neck of that lamb and got himself all bloody and got the lamb all bloody and got blood all over the place and made a mess. And that lamb was bleeding and screaming and crying. And no doubt Cain was like, "What's the what's the noise? You're interrupting my worship service. Don't get so excited identifying yourself with your sacrifice." But brothers and sisters, that's why we come to church is so that we can identify ourselves with the sacrifice. Instead of trying to identify ourselves as the sacrifice, we don't have a sacrifice to bring. He's brought it. He's already brought the sacrifice. All we need to do is allow that blood to splatter on us and accept it the way that he's given it. Brother says in these Jews, they come up each year, talking about Jerusalem, they come up each year and there was a fountain inside the church and they take the bread and the bitter herbs and the lamb and they drank from this fountain in the church and they rejoiced together because God had showed them favor. They're Jews. They know how to worship. Oh my, there's all these ruddy Gentiles, all these smelly people that are filthy just like the animals. Gentiles out there, right? God showed them favor. They were special people. So, this being the Passover time, and not only was it the Passover, but it was a special Passover, wasn't it? A special Passover. The prophecy went forward that there would be an ass and the full of an ass and the Messiah would ride up into Jerusalem on the back of that fo that was never ever ridden on by a human. He goes on to say, you know, there's sometimes that we got we go to church. We always love to go. Amen. But there's sometimes that something special happens. Yeah. And you know, brothers and sisters, this really is the only quote that I've got today. The rest of it I'm just going to preach. And I I trust that this quote would resonate with us today. I trust that when we leave here today that something special would happen. Something special would take place. That this would not be an ordinary gathering, just traditional worship. Oh, it's just the way that we have a song service and it's just the way that we bring all of the different portions of the service. Let's push aside all of our traditions and teachings and just allow the Lord to manifest the way that he wants to in our lives. Brothers and sisters, let's cast down all of our imaginations. Let's take every single thought into captivity and give him the opportunity to move. Remember, our thoughts are louder in heaven than our words are here on earth. He knows what's in the heart and thought of every single person here, every person that's listening online. God bless you carpenters. It's good to see you. He It's just wonderful to be in his presence, isn't it? You know, talking about the story, brother Brandham, he he goes through and he talks about this and only like the prophet can do. Many people can try and narrate it, but I I believe this and I'm sure we all do that he's able to see with a vision back to certain instances where other people just can't. They can poke at and say, "Well, perhaps it was this way. Now, maybe some people would say, "Brother Barry, you're crazy. You're just just totally out there." But, you know, prophets are different people. Prophets are from their mother's womb. The major prophets. And I would say gifts and callings are without repentance. Every single gift comes from God. And uh I believe that he was able to see things. But, you know, the feast of the Passover is talking about the Pascal lamb. And it was the tradition of the Jews of the Hebrews going all the way back to Goan, right? in Egypt. Let's just turn back there and take a look at it if you don't mind. In Exodus, Exodus 12. And we know that there was a whole bunch of plagues that took place in the land of Egypt while the children of Israel were under severe bondage. Terrible, terrible bondage. Brother Brandham talks about this in in a way that I've never heard expressed before. how a family could be there as slaves, excuse me, and how the task masters could do whatever they wanted to and nobody could do a thing about it. If you rose up against one of the Egyptians, you would lose your life or be severely beaten. But if you had a beautiful family, husband and wife, and a boy and a girl, the Egyptian task masters could come over one day and say, "You know, I've been watching your daughter for years, and she's beautiful, and I want to take her to be my wife right now, and I'm going to." There would be nothing that those Egyptian those those Hebrews could do about it. They had to just let them do whatever you want. But I could imagine there was a few daddies that died because if I was a daddy and that was going to happen, I would die trying. Same thing with wives. If they wanted to take any of the children, they could do whatever they wanted, right? There was no restraints for those task masters there. But the children of Israel now, they cried out because they recognized that there was a prophecy. It was actually a prophecy. The children of Israel, they never had the Old Testament. They didn't even have the Torah then, but they had a prophecy. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Either he is or he isn't. Some people want to say that he is. Some people want to say that he isn't. I know the believers say amen to that. We just did. But here we have the children of Israel in bondage. Heavy, heavy bondage. They cry out after 430 years for God to actually come on the scene and deliver them from their captivity. And God finally sends them a deliverer. And it's interesting because it wasn't someone unfamiliar, was it? The deliverer that he sent was someone that they knew. And many of the people, the elders were probably like, "That guy, we prayed for 430 years and you send us this guy. We know this guy. We know his parents. We know where he came from. Isn't it interesting? It's exactly the way that God does things, though. People will say, "Who is this?" Who is this? This is Moses. We know who this guy is. Can't you send us a deliverer? But they cried out and God sent him one. Even Moses didn't believe it. Moses stumbled at it. Moses was like, "Are you serious? I can't do this because I stutter. Don't you know I stutter?" And he's God. He created him that way. He created him that way so that he would be that way so that he could have no trust in his own flesh. And that's the way he's created us, brothers and sisters, so that we won't have confidence in our own flesh. And when we get to be a little bit hotty, what happens? He allows a little bit of a stumble and a little bit of a fall so that he will remind us not to get puffed up beyond the revelations that you got. And as soon as we start to actually recognize that, God will do something special for us. But many times we can get just a little bit, oh my, I feel good. Don't I look good? I'm sure the world thinks I look good. We can get to be that way. Don't get that way. Stay humble. Children of Israel cried for 430 years. 30 years overtime. 30 years past the promise that they should be in bondage for 400 years was the prophecy. 30 years later, they finally started to see things changing. They started to cry out. Fast forward to the last plague. We know there was 10. I've got uh a fair bit that I want to get into here. So, we're just going to talk about the last one out of Exodus 12 verse 21. Moses gets the instruction. God always speaks to his prophet first according to Amos 3:7. That's how he does it. And he did it in the beginning and he'll do it all the way to the end. That's how he does it. Amos 3:7. Exodus 12 21 he says then Moses called for all the elders of Israel and said unto them draw out and take you a lamb according to your families and kill the Passover and ye shall take a bunch of hissup and dip it in the blood that is in the basin and strike the lentil and the two side posts with the blood that is in your basin in the basin. and none of you shall go out the door of his house until the morning. For the Lord will pass through to smite the Egyptians. And when he seeth the blood upon the lentil and on the two sideposts, the Lord will pass over the door, and will not suffer the destroyer to come in unto your houses to smite you. And ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for just a couple years. Forever. Forever. What a tremendous thing it is to see this. Ye shall do this thing forever. And it shall come to pass that when ye be come to the land which the Lord will give you according as he hath promised that ye shall keep this service. And it shall come to pass when your children shall say unto you, what mean ye by this service? Mommy and daddy, why do we go to communion service? Why do we go and eat the bread and drink the cup? Why do we do that? We need to be able to give them an answer. Now, I know many are saying, "Brother Barry, this is a Passover." Yes, it is. But let's bring it to our day. Let's talk about our day. We've been given instructions for our day. And are we following the instructions for our day? that ye shall say, it is the sacrifice of the Lord's Passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel and Egypt, when he smoked the Egyptians and delivered our houses, our houses, and the people bowed the head and worshiped. And it goes on to say that they actually did do what the prophet said. They did as they were instructed. They applied the token. And we know that we had a prophet preach the message the token a few different times. And if we listen to those messages, we hear a very similar story. Follow the words of the prophet. We know in that day they were to kill a lamb. They were to take the blood. They were to apply it. In this day, we're supposed to take that lamb that's already been killed and accept his blood and apply it the way that he has said to do it according to the voice of a vindicated prophet in the day in which we live. But this was the feast of the Passover. This was why Jerusalem was a buzz because they were told, they were instructed back then to keep this Passover, keep this feast and and always remember it forever. Don't ever stop doing it. So, here we are now out of our our scripture this morning in Matthew chapter 21, the Pascal lamb, the feast of the Passover. It's a very interesting thing. this this final plague that that happened before they left in in captivity. Israel parttook of this last event and and now fast forward many many years later in Jerusalem they were doing the same thing. They had the desire to get together for this. But if you look at what was going on in the city, this was not an ordinary Passover feast. This was something totally different. And I love the way brother Bradom, he actually expresses this in that message. The the city was a buzz. He says the city was electrified. There was something going to happen. The people just knew it. And I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, have we ever lived in a time where we can look around the world in which we live in and know that it's electrified, know that it's a buzz? Something is about to take place. This is on a world scale, though. This is not just a localized city. What is it? Or better yet, who is it? Why are are everybody getting up in arms? I think it's just an amazing thing. It's an amazing thing. But Jerusalem in this day, it was it was a very busy that time of year. And we know that there was people coming from afar. There was special services taking place. There was many people as we see in the world in which we live today, many people celebrating the feast of the Passover and and probably people going out and and picking and selecting lambs and and picking and selecting decorations and even still today they pick and select palm leaves and some of the people will actually bring them and and give them out at church. Some of the clergy will bless them and and give out blessed palm leaves at church and and all of that. But we know those are all traditional teachings. We know that's not doesn't really have any value to a Christian today other than a great tradition. And I think, you know, it's wonderful, but when when you start to get into it a little farther, you don't have to look very far behind the curtain to see where this all comes from. It comes from Rome, the the great harlot. And and as soon as we start seeing that, we got to pump the brakes and say, "Nope, that's not what I want to do. I'm not handing out palm leaves. We're not going to go down to the all of this thing." but to recognize what what they were doing in Jerusalem while this was going on. It was a celebration of the the Passover lamb, the pascal lamb. And we know the children of Israel were taught this very thoroughly. And and it seemed that this year was different than all of the others. And and we don't have to look very far, like I said, to see that things are a little bit different than they've ever been in this world. We've already experienced a pandemic in our lives. And you know, just a few years ago, people would have to say, I would have had to say, "What's a pandemic?" I remember when I first started hearing the word, I had to type it in and say, "What's a pandemic?" And some people were saying, "Well, it can't be this until they actually call it that." But as soon as they call it that, then they have the liberties to do what they need to do. It It's interesting to see the things that we've gone through. I I had the pleasure the other night. We went to a a little church service at that Trinity Lodge and we were able to talk to some of the the old folks in there and we met a woman who was 102 years old and to be able to have a conversation with her. How many changes have you witnessed in this world? 102 years old. You have seen the horse and buggy with no electricity to running water to automobiles to rocket ships and airplanes. My and now AI, what is next? I personally have an opinion on that. I think it's beautiful when we look at it because you you you you can hear about people being linked up now. They're going to put a neurological implant in the brain and you can just think a thought and it will link up to a computer and kaboom, you'll you'll be linked up. That's what people are looking for. That's this next wave of AI stuff. But you know, it's such a beautiful thing because the believers, they're linked up already. You don't have to give them an implant. All you got to do is talk to them for a minute or two and you can see that they've already applied the blood of the lamb to the doorpost and to the lentil above and that token is on display in their lives. But this time of year, this year in Jerusalem, something different was taking place. This was a special Passover. And everybody knew it. But they didn't know why. They couldn't understand why. And it's the same thing in this world today. The people don't know why. Yeah. Some people will say this and some people will say that. But it's interesting because the believers know why. The people that are able to hear a prophetic utterance. They understand what's going on. It's a beautiful thing. But they were out, no doubt, preparing their homes and preparing their churches and and preparing their lambs and talking about their lambs and comparing their lambs and doing everything that they normally would do, right? They they they probably had people that traveled from a long distance and people were looking for accommodations and I I think I've heard it said in a couple different places that the city was full. There was no more room for people. Brother Brandham even says that they must have been laying outside the wall. They were laying around the city camping out because there was no more room inside the city. There was so much of a passion to see what was going to take place. And what happened? This guy riding on a donkey from their perspective, just this ordinary man, this this Nazarene guy on a donkey. And all the people are are screaming and yelling and crying hosana and and Lord and putting down their clothes and waving the palm leaves in the way for him to ride in with such great great celebration. If he was a king, wouldn't it all be golden? Wouldn't it all be full of gold? You know, it's amazing how people can sense that something special or different is taking place. And I just think, you know, sometimes even when we come to church, we can sense it that something different is taking place. And I think that's happening today. I really do. And and what's going to happen today, brothers and sisters, I if if the Lord wills, is that we'll either get saved and filled by the Holy Ghost or we'll get more of that Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. We're going to see signs and wonders. They'll all follow. Don't worry about signs and wonders. They'll all follow. That'll happen. Let's put the word first. Let's put Jesus Christ first. Remember the story of the the 10 virgins, the five wise and the five unwise. How the five wise, they had oil in their vessels. They had just a little bit extra oil. And I can't help but think they just maybe did a little bit more trying to get oil. They just had a desire in their heart to say, "Lord, here is my cup. I I don't care who's looking. I I don't care about the things in the past. I don't care about how sore my arms are. I don't care about any of that. I'm just going to raise my cup to the Lord and say, "Fill me up, Lord. I'm just looking for a little bit more of that oil in my life." I just can't help but think that would be the story of those five wise virgins. Now, some people might be be willing to say, "Brother Barry, it's not that way." Well, it's okay. It's fine. But are we willing to actually humble ourselves in the sight of the Lord so that he can pick us up? Or do we say, "You know what? I got it. I got it. Had it for years. Nothing's going to change in my life." When that happens, I'll tell you what happens. The other story, we have to compare it to scripture. When Jesus comes by, if we're not willing to give him the glory that he wants, if we're not willing to have the fruit of the spirit on our branches, when he comes by, for him to just pick some love, for him to just pick some joy. Remember, the joy of our strength, the joy of the Lord is our strength. when he comes by and he's looking for fruit, we could find ourselves to be like that fig tree. Yeah. He might only come by our lives one time. Brother Brandham says he might only call us ever one time. And if he comes by our way and we don't have any fruit and he's hungering again, I know it's probably a bit of a stretch, but brothers and sisters, I don't think so. I think it's exactly like that. If we're not willing to actually have that fruit on our branch for him when he comes by, he might say, "There ain't going to be no fruit from this day forwards. You have crossed that line." And you know that line is that line is just like the rich young ruler. That rich young ruler, he did not have the fruit in his life to line up with the word in his day. He came face to face with the word in his day and he could not recognize it. He said, "You know what? I'm good, man. Our family business is rocking. We're so good. We've got everything we need. I've been a believer my whole entire life. My parents brought me to church every Sunday. I know the scripture inside out. Look at our clothes. Look at our worship. Look at our our lentils and a doorpost. We've got everything. But what did Jesus say? Give it all to the poor because it means nothing. Amen. And follow me. And he couldn't do it. The word says that he was sorrowful. And what did he do? He met that that Lord. He met the word for his day. And that was the separating line. And what did he do the very next part of that story? He lifted up his eyes in hell. He lifted up his eyes in hell. And he had the conversation with Abraham. Abraham, I'm dying over here. Give me some reprieve. And he said, "Hey man, you had the opportunity in life. That Lazarus here, you want him to come and cool your tongue. get him to come and just do exactly what you're used to doing. Getting your way every single time you desire to have your way. Well, listen. Your way's over. You had the opportunity. You crossed that line. And now there's no coming back. And what did he say? Well, oh, if you can't save save me anymore. If there's no hope for me, then send someone from the dead to go and tell my brothers, tell my family. Don't let them come to this perishing place. But what did Abraham say? If they won't hear the prophets, they won't hear someone that's come back from the dead. Can you believe that? That is the resiliency of the human. That's Cain's DNA inside of us. Without getting the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our lives, Cain's DNA is going to take us there. That's where it is, brothers and sisters. It's not a playtime. Coming to church is not just a tradition. Coming to a communion service is not just something we do because we're just told to do it and we just go and do it and we go home and we don't understand it. We go and identify ourselves with our Pascal lamb. We drink his blood. We eat his flesh. We're not vampires. We are applying the token the way that we've been given instruction to apply it. The air in that day was charged with expectancy. They were expecting something to happen. They knew something was going to happen. And I want to say this, brothers and sisters. Let's bring it down to our day. How does this apply to us in our day? Take a look at the world. What's going on today in the world? It's shaken up. And how is it shaken? Oh my. Isn't it interesting that it's exactly what the prophet of God said for us in our day? How is the harlot going to take over? How's the harlot going to take over? Through the finances. Isn't it interesting that there's something that's just shaky all over the place? Oh my, what's going on? The world is paying attention. Everyone in the world is sitting on the edge of their seats wondering what's going on. I could only imagine, I'm not an investor. I don't have a portfolio, but I can only imagine for the people that do, they're on the edge of their seat. They can't wait to get out of church to go and look at the stock market because they know it's shaky. They know something's happening. There's an expectation for something. And as believers, we can say something's happening. What's happening in the USA? Brothers and sisters, I put it in my notes to say, what's happening in Revelations chapter 13? For the people that don't know it, I want to say it that way. What's happening in Revelations chapter 13? It's coming to pass before our eyes. Yes. Don't think that the bride's going to be out of here before some of this stuff takes place. It's happening right now. My what's happening in Russia? Why do I say that? The prophet in 1933, he said, "Watch Russia. Watch Russia." Why would he say that? There was no Russia. There was a Soviet Union. Watch Russia, the king of the north. Russia was not Russia in 1933. From 1922 to 1991, it was the Soviet Union. Yeah. Russia, they had a monarchy and it was called Russia. Russia had a monarchy right up to 1917. And that's when the Russian Revolution took over. I think it's really interesting to take a look at this. I've never been into history really until I heard God sent a prophet. And now I look at these things and I I scratch my head for a while. I thought, you know, I don't know, whatever. It's what he said. But go and look it up. Go and look it up. It just makes you want to say, lift up your heads because our redemption drawth nigh, brothers and sisters. That's why I'm crying out, get to Christ. What was Noah like before God shut that door. He said, "Get in the boat." He must have been banging on on drums and and and screaming at the top of his lungs, "Get in the boat." Imagine the technology. Brother Bam said there was a greater technology they had than before the flood, right? Maybe he had some sort of a a way to communicate around the world. He could he could expound his voice to everyone. And they were probably like, "Shut up, man. We're sick and tired of hearing this guy banging on the drums and constantly harping about rain and we can prove scientifically there's no rain going to come. But God shut the door. But Russia, they had a monarchy up until 1917 when the Russian Revolution took over and it was overthrowing that monarchy rule. And I can't help but think this was exactly according to the go plan of God so that this country wouldn't even be called Russia. So people would say when that prophetic utterance came to pass, he's wrong. He said, "Watch Russia. Where's Russia? It's history." He's wrong. He missed the mark. Did he? In 1991, the SFSR emerged again. The Russian SFSR in 1991. And you know, the Russian Federation came from that. And where do we stand today, brothers and sisters? This world that we live in is charged. It is electrically charged with anticipation that something is going to happen. And what is it that's going to happen? The stock market's going to crash or the stock market's going to soar or that some country is going to take over? America is going to become great again. Isn't it interesting? If you take a look at Trump, I'm not going to get political from the platform here, but I am going to say this. That man believes that he is supposed to be there by God. He believes that. He's not just pretending that. And who could pretend that? To be standing at a podium and to just say, "Look at that chart." And to look and just as he turns his head, a shots fired and it just clips his ear. If anybody has ever shot a gun, you know that a 100 120 yard shot with a gun like he had is a given. You should never miss a shot like that. Here I am talking about this. Why? Because there's an anointing in Revelations 13 that has to come to pass. And if you wonder what it is, go read it when you go home. It's talking about the USA. Yes, we had talked about this brother Brandham saying there will come a time where they'll be able to call fire down from the sky. This is out of Revelations. It's history. Brother Brandham says Revelations 13, the USA. He talks about the the little lamb coming up with two horns. And what is it? He says it very clearly. The American buffalo. He identifies it very clearly in a prophetic utterance about the United States. There's a reason why that guy is in power. And there's a reason why there's so much hatred. Why is there so much hatred? Why can't it just be like, you know, we don't really like the policy. We don't really like the I don't know, maybe I am getting political and I don't mean to, but why is there so much hatred over this? because it's prophetic material coming to pass. Brothers and sisters, it just makes me say, where do we stand today? This world is supercharged with anticipation that something is taking place. And as believers of this message of the hour, I think we've got every single reason to shift gears and just give God the praise and just give God the glory and recognize what he's done for us because this whole world is about to go over the falls. But we are going to go up when the world goes down. Brothers and sisters, we're not going into destruction. If the devil has given us something that makes us feel like I just don't feel like worshiping, just worship. I wish I could sing that song. Just worship. I don't know it enough yet. We'll get one of the brothers to come and sing it. But what a tremendous song. Just worship when we don't even feel like it. Worship when the problems come. Just worship when everything else is falling apart. Just give him praise. Amen. I got into talking about uh some stuff in the Bible study this week and thinking about it and you know the children of Israel when they first had their very first conquest when they got into the promised land that was the city of Jericho and how we had the the children of Israel, they're not warriors. They're they're they're just children of Israel that came out of bondage and wandering in the wilderness and following God Almighty. And here they are now trying to figure out what's going to happen. How are they going to get those walls down? How are they going to get through those impenetrable walls that they could race chariots on? If you think about how wide those walls are, those are huge walls. But how could they do it? God gave them instruction. God himself came down and gave them instruction. And you know, is it any different today? I want to say he's come down and give us instruction. We'll get into that a little further here, but he's come down and given us instruction, too. But the children of Israel, they were given instruction. You know what? If you just march around this city once a day for seven days and remember, don't say a word. You guys have a history of murmuring. You got a history of chirping off in the background about this and about that and about the other thing. But is it any accident he said that? Shut your mouths and march. And I believe that's the commission for us today is just shut our mouths and march forward. Let's go together. How can we see the walls of our enemies come down if we're not united together? Hallelujah. Oh my. But what was it? If you can do it for six days, on the seventh day, I want you to lift your voices. I want you to shout. I want you to blow on the horns. I want you to play the instruments. I want you to be as loud as you possibly can because your deliverance is here. And they followed that instruction and they saw God come on the scene. And those walls that they were racing chariots on, they must have been engineered walls. They must have been super structures. But what did they do? They tumbled to the ground and they went in and they took over because they followed the instruction of the Lord that came to the prophet and the prophet gave them the instruction and they were able to go forward. You know, brother Ratomy says this in in this message and I just think it's so good. He will appear to those who are expecting to see him. Yes. Amen. Brothers and sisters, when you came to church today, who did you come expecting to see? Did you come expecting to see Brother Barry? Cuz if you did, I'm sorry. I can't bring anything. But if you come expecting to see Jesus Christ, something different is going to take place. And you know, brothers and sisters, I want to change your focus. If you are looking at brother Barry, stop it. Brother Barry will lead you to destruction. But Jesus Christ, he will save you and your house. He'll save you and your family. He'll save you and your children. He'll save you and your marriage. He'll save every single one of us. Those who expect him will see him. Just can't help but think it's such a fitting title for this message today. For this message that brother Brandham preached back there. Who is this? And brother Brandham, he talks about it over and over again in that message. Who is this? Who is this man? He's this wacky Nazarene that's from out there. And we know his dad and we we know his mom and and and we know all about him. We know his aunts and his uncles and especially his crazy cousin that's out there dunking people in the in the Jordan River. We know all about all of them and they're all out of line according to church order, right? Ha. But they were all the way in order according to the word of God. According to the prophetic utterance in their day, I think it's beautiful. Who is this? Isn't it just the same thing today, brothers and sisters? We can get caught up in looking around saying, "Who is this?" We get a new guest minister that will come to the church. People will say, "Who is this?" My goodness, maybe someone will want to give a testimony. Who is this? How could God do that in a person's life? Don't ever think, don't ever discount that God won't do things in our lives today. The signs and wonders have to follow those who believe. Why do they have to? Because the prophet in our day, I say God through the prophet said that Mark 16 in action is what? It's the true church and all else is false. I think it's amazing when we look at it because isn't it wild when you look at the Catholic Church, they search high and low. They scour the earth to find miracles that they can actually endorse and verify to be miracles in the Catholic Church. But yet the believers of this word, they just happen. How many of us in this building this morning has never seen a miracle? Remember, there's a difference between healing that takes time, which is a miracle, and then there's instantaneous miracles. I believe that every one of us, you don't have to put your hand up, but I believe every one of us could say, "I've witnessed the miraculous power of God in my life. I have seen miracles in my life. I have seen marriages restored. I've seen children come to the altar. I have seen people get saved. I have seen all manner I've seen friendships restored. I've seen all manner of things happen in my life. It's not foreign to us." That's the believer's life, right? But many people will look around and say, "Who is this? Oh my, this guy here. He's puffing himself up. Who is this guy? This guy again? Really?" They should have recognized him in the day in which Jesus was there. They should have recognized that this was the King of Glory riding on the full of an ass. They should have recognized him. And how is it, how amazing is it for us today to be able to recognize him when we can recognize him, brothers and sisters? That is, I think, the greatest miracle ever. The greatest miracle in our lives because that will change us forever. That will give us the ability to overcome and sit with him in his throne. Attending church won't do that. attending church, just attending church, having good church attendance will put us in the tribulation. We can go to church every single day of our lives and not receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We haven't received that token. We haven't applied it the way we're supposed to. He's not going to say to us, "Oh my, you had a really good church attendance. Look at the sheet, all the services that you did. Look at all the tithes that you gave. Look at all of your good service and works." It's not going to have anything to do with it. He's going to say, "Did you take my word the way that I gave it to you in the day in which you lived? Or did you say, "I I I don't really like it. I think I'm just going to put my own spin on it. Are we going to call it a hybrid religion?" A little tiny speck of leaven will leaven the whole entire lump. Anybody who bakes knows exactly what I'm talking about. One little speck of yeast in the lump and that whole lump is going to become risen with yeast. But if we're able to recognize him today, where is he today, brothers and sisters? Every single one of us. But he's come in the word coming which was prophesied for our day according to Malachi. Because what's what does it say? It says that he will come and he will turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. Doesn't say that Jesus Christ will come and walk again on earth and reveal himself to his brethren. doesn't say that he'll come and get on the the fo of an ass and ride up into Jerusalem. It does say that he will, however, come back to Jerusalem. And I think that's beautiful. I want to get to that here. But, you know, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I think the crux of this whole entire message as we're just about halfway through it here is brother Bradam says it in in in his message. And that is simple. It's it's today, brothers and sisters. Today, Palm Sunday 2025. Who do you say this is? Who do you say this is? Who do you say this message of the hour is? Because if the message of the hour is simple print and tape, it's simple study and understanding. If that's what it is, you've missed the purpose of the message. Amen. Get the quickening of the Holy Ghost in your life and allow him, this the teacher, the spirit of truth come in and he will reveal it all to you. The message will become a new message. It'll become a brand new message. It won't just be how to live a good life and make other people think that you're good saved person. It will be that you are a new creature in Christ Jesus. Something will take place on the inside. And when that happens, you will not be the same that you've ever been before in your life. You will become a new creature. People will say to you, "Who are you and what have you done with the old you?" People will recognize something has taken place. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you know, when he walked here on earth, I know we're preaching to the choir here, but if he could save and heal people while he was here on earth, couldn't he do the same when he's inside of you and me? Couldn't he do the same right now today? Even in this meeting, we know that when Jesus was here on earth, he was preaching the word. And even while he was preaching the word, people were delivered of devils. And I think this is the exact same word. This is no different word. And I think it has the exact same power. So I think it's a beautiful thing where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. If we've got demons that are coming around and trying to get us down and make us think that we don't have the Holy Ghost, tell them, "I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ because I know that my redeemer lives. I know that I've met the requirements." That's all we need to do. Brothers and sisters, we can't say that, "Oh, I've done this or that." The only thing that I've done is followed the requirements that God has given us in a day in which we live. So, who do you say this is? This is the most important revelation that there is. It has to come right down home. We have got to be willing to say, "I know who it is. I know who it is. It's Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever." And I'm going to say it this way. It's not Joseph in Jeffersonville, Indiana. God bless him. It's not anybody else in this world, any other great ministry. It's Jesus Christ. It has to be Jesus Christ. He's the only one that died on the cross for all of our sins and rose again so that we could have redemption. But there's people that are doing wacky things. And I'll say this, I want people to know my heart. I don't believe that brother Joseph is bad. I'm not going to judge him. It's up to God to do that. But what I do think happens, Brother Bradam says it, is that the people the people do these things. The people exalt ministries. Yes, it's the people. That's the push. God bless brother Joseph for his desire to get this word out there, to get it in print form, to get it in CDs, to get it all around the world now for free on an app. There is a tremendous reward waiting for him in heaven. Brothers and sisters, while he was going up into the city to change gears a little bit, while Jesus was going up into the city, he was singing. They were singing hosana. When they were singing, I don't even know if they recognized. Did they recognize who he was? Perhaps some people could, but for the most part, I don't know. I wonder. I just wonder. I do. I'm not doing anything. I'm not trying to be koi or anything. I just wonder. Did they recognize who is really there today? Do we recognize who is really here? Not coming. Don't look for him to come, brothers and sisters, because I want to say this. I want to say this and I hope it can go on record and then I'll be really clear. If we miss his coming now, we're gonna miss his coming there. Amen. Did you hear me? If we miss his coming here, we're gonna miss it there. We're going to find ourselves before the white throne judgment saying, "Wasn't Elias supposed to first come?" And what will he say? Hey, I told you time and time again that Elias surely will come first. And he did. And you never listened. But when we're singing hosana, who are we singing to? Are we singing to the song leader? If we're singing to the song leader, we've missed it entirely. Don't sing to the song leader. Don't sing to anybody else. When we sing a special, who are we singing to? When we clap after a special, who are we clapping to? Right? You know, in the world audiences for performances, they clap for good performances. We're not clapping for good performances here, brothers and sisters. And I want to say this, Lord, forgive us if we have been because what we're clapping for is the glory to God. That's the only reason we are here is to bring glory to God. Because when we give glory to God, he blesses our lives. But back then when they were singing hosana as he went up and remember brothers and sisters, nobody knew the gravity of him going up into Jerusalem except for him. Think about how heavy that weight was on the back of that fo. The weight of the world because it was the Messiah going up to be crucified. He was going into Jerusalem to end his earthly life for our sakes. When they were singing, "Hosana, hosana, glory, hosana. What was it they were doing?" I can only imagine they were caught up maybe in the spirit. They were caught up in the fervent, in the buzz. There was something going on. Maybe this is what's going on. Why don't we get involved? Let's celebrate with this. You know, some people are just looking for something to get involved in. I want to say just get involved with this word for our day and see what happens. Just do that. We don't need to be out there protesting. We don't need to go and try and find something to get behind. If you want to get behind something, go and start telling people how it got lit and see what happens. If we need a rush, that's all we need to do is get people to Christ. When we can see people get to Christ Jesus and become transformed by the transforming power of the Holy Ghost in the day in which we live, we can see that person change from the inside out. My goodness, that's the greatest thing that we can witness. But back then, 2,000 years ago, this man from Nazareth, they were worshiping, singing, hosana, glory, glory to God. Hosana is our rock. They were singing this. And what did they see? They just saw a man on the back of a a fool going up to Calvary. And we know that what was the very next thing that Jesus did when he got in there. Can only imagine some of these people were tithe payers. Some of these people had investments in the church. What did Jesus do? The first thing he went to the temple as it was his custom. He went in there and he braided together a rope and he started whipping them and he started kicking over the money tables, the money changers, and telling the people, "This, my father's house, was created to be a house of prayer." Amen. But you've turned it into a den of thieves. And we know this is the only place written in scripture where he actually got angry. It was with the religious people and their money. Isn't that interesting? He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. What does Palm Sunday mean to you today, brothers and sisters? We know that this was the entrance into our redemption. This was the entrance of Messiah so that he could go and take the weight of the world. Not just our sin, but every human that ever lived on this planet. Take their sin. Oh my. And make an atonement for it. I just want to try and remind us what this day represents. It is not palm leaves. It is not about getting Easter bunnies. It's not about chocolate. It's not about eggs. It's not about any of that. This season is about our redemption. Amen. This season is about Jesus Christ knowing that nobody nobody out of the millions of people that are celebrating about this Passover. Nobody understands what the true Passover really is. That the Passover is going to happen once again. Just like we read in the book of Exodus, that Passover will happen. And I want to say today, brothers and sisters, it's happening. The death angel is passing through the land right now. And if we're not applying the token the way that we're instructed to, I say, Lord, help us apply that token the way that you've instructed for us in the day in which we live. Because what did he do? That death angel, he didn't come for the parents. No. No. He came for the firstborn, didn't he? Hey, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's going to come for our children. That's what he's going to do. He's going to allow our children if we don't have that token applied over top of our children look out. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. What does Palm Sunday mean to us this year, brothers and sisters? 2025, over 2,000 years later. What does it mean? I want to say it. If we're hearing these words, it's it's for a purpose. We've got the ability to apply the token. Get it? and apply it. Get it. Identify yourself. Don't be afraid to get bloody hands. Don't be afraid to get a little bit out of order. Don't be afraid to say, "Lord, be it unto me, just like Mary. Let me experience this. I want to identify with that sacrifice. I don't want to identify with my own self. I've got nothing to offer. My good works are but filthy rags before you, Lord. Oh my. But that sacrifice that you made for me that was riding up on the ass of a fool up into Jerusalem where everybody thought they knew what they were doing but nobody recognized what was on the weight of that shoulders of Jesus Christ. My I think we all have the opportunity to answer this and I I just want to say it this way. What does Palm Sunday mean this year? I can say for me it means more than ever to recognize what truly took place when he was going up into Jerusalem. Nobody understood him. He was very misunderstood. And it's the same for us today. Nobody's going to understand us living in the world that we live in. You go to church two times a week. What? Why don't you cut your hair? Why do you wear a skirt? An abomination. Come on. And you know what? It's not even an abomination now for a man to live with a man, is it? In this world that we live in, it's just okay according to the word of God. It's not okay. That's right. And the people that might have the holiness revelation about being able to, you know, have some good works and go into church and stuff, maybe they need to remember that the word abomination applies to the men that lay with men and the women that lay with women and then the women that are willing to wear pants, the women that are willing to cut their hair, it's abomination. It's the same exact word. So where did it change? When did it become okay for women preachers? Boy, we're really going off now. But let's call it like it is. The prophet was sent every single time calling the people from the beginning of time right up until now. Get back to the word. Just get back in line with the word and it'll be okay. But we find the more people do things that are wrong that are are are are not according to the word of God, the more right it becomes. Is that right? What kind of world do we live in, brothers and sisters? Take a look at it. We can see that everyone is on the edge of their seat right now. They recognize something is energizing this world. Something is going to take place. And you know, we have the ability to recognize what's going to take place. Those people who have the atken applied the way that we've been told to do it are going to see him here. When we see him here, we're going to see him come in the clouds with glory. We not we're not going to miss it. In fact, I think just like the prophet said, we're going to see loved ones coming amongst us first for about 40 days. We're going to start wondering what's going on. Look it. We can see these people, these loved ones that have gone on before us and they're here to tell us just just take heart, brothers and sisters. Your redemption is here. It's not near. You don't have to worry. It's not coming soon. It's right here and now. But there's going to be other people they're saying, "Oh, they must be dying because they're talking to dead people. Look at them. They're crazy. I knew they were crazy." You know, you talk about the tent vision. I probably said this in the past. Talk about the tent vision. And some people might get uncomfortable with that and say, "Well, it's return ministry and all that." I just can't help but think if I started to see loved ones, I think somewhere someone along the way who is a believer, if they're seeing loved ones, too, they're not going to want to go to work. They're not going to want to go to school. Probably just going to want to go to church, aren't they? And how will all those people be able to fit into one building? I don't know. I'm just throwing it out there. I personally believe that we are that tent. We are that tent. But that's just my own view and I think it's a beautiful thing because there's lots of different avenues that we could go with that. But, you know, to think about it, brothers and sisters, if we're going to see dead loved ones coming on the scene again, we're going to see them. We're going to want to rejoice. I don't think we'll be able to sleep. I don't think we'll be able to eat. I don't know. Maybe we'll have the biggest fast and prayer meeting that we've ever experienced in our lives. And glory to God because we're going to go on to the marriage supper of the lamb. I would like to purge all of that food out of my body because I know I'm going to have a new glorious body. But isn't it wonderful to think about what lies in store for us? Eye hath not seen, neither ear heard, neither has it even entered into the heart of a man what lies in store for us. Oh my. But we had a prophet that went beyond the curtain of time and came back and said to us, it's sublime. You can't even put words to it. Men weren't men. Women weren't women. They were people to came together. They were brothers and sisters. But there was no sensation. Oh my, to think about that. And what did those people tell him as he was coming back? He was told, "Oh no, I don't want to go back. I don't have to go back, do I?" And the voice said, "Yes, you do. You've got to go prophesy before many peoples, nations, and tongues. You've got to go and do a little bit more work. You've got to go open the seals. You've got to be in your position at your post of duty so that people here in 2025 can recognize the gravity of Palm Sunday in Calgary, Alberta. But what did those people say to him? They just said, "Keep pressing on, brother." Oh my. I can't help but think about the loved ones that are over there. If they could look over the banisters of heaven, they'd say, "Keep pressing on. Don't get tired. Don't get weary and welloing. You're almost there. You're almost there. My, what does it mean to us today, brothers and sisters? What does Palm Sunday mean? Oh my. We know that less than a week after today, our savior, that Messiah that was on the back of the ass. Oh, that f of the ass. He was going up to be destroyed. His body was beaten to the place where they said, "Stop. You're going to kill him." Can you imagine the cat of nine tales? glass and bone, maybe bits of metal mixed in to those whips, thrown into his body and then yanked out, tearing flesh from him over and over again. Why? What did he say? What did he do? All he did was come and live and do his father's will. And then when he was too tore up on that back, what did they do? They undid him and flipped him over and started again ripping the flesh off his bones. When we think about it, it wasn't a fun thing. Easter is not about soft, fluffy Easter bunnies and chocolates. Easter is about the destruction of the flesh of our savior so that we could be here and live so that we could have the liberty to worship him in spirit and in truth. What does Palm Sunday mean to us today, brothers and sisters? our savior just destroyed so that we could live in freedom. So that we could have the freedom to come to Calgary living word and worship so that we could be free. Is it so that we could worship or so that we could just murmur? So that we could say, "Oh, it's just Brother Barry or it's just Brother so and so." All the junk that the devil wants to do. Let's kick him out. Let's recognize the gravity of Palm Sunday today. Let's recognize what he wants. He wants us to be together in one mind, in one accord. And we're not getting out of here until we're there. Let's throw down all of our problems, all of our issues. And just get into Christ. Let's apply that token maybe like never before. What does Palm Sunday mean to us? I can tell you it means more to me this year than ever before. Our savior was destroyed in his flesh. I've often thought about it. Why would he carry the cross after all of that? My goodness. And that was just the start of it. He was given the scarlet robe. Oh my. And then he was thrown in prison. And then they slapped him around, put a bag over his head, and said, "Oh, you're a prophet, are you? Tell us. Who hit you? Tell us." Oh, wait a second. He's a king. Let's get the crown of thorns and give him a crown because he's a king and beat the crown upon his head, totally humiliating him, spitting on him, tearing out his beard. And then when they took him up to crucify him, what did they do? They took that robe off of him, and it must have been soaked with blood. And as they tore it, it just peeled off the scabs and opened up the wounds again. What does what does Palm Sunday mean to us? This is what he went through so that we could be here today. So that we could have the freedom to worship him in spirit and in truth in this message of the hour. So that we could come to the place where we can say that I've met him personally myself. It's not about tradition. It's not about teaching. And if somebody were to come around and close those doors on this building here, then I would still love him just as much as I ever did. I I might even love him more. And I want to say this, brothers and sisters, if that's the case, then what about your brothers and your sisters? Because they have the Holy Ghost in them. They have the spirit of Christ in them. So, are we loving them the same? Would we desire to see them more? We've experienced it once with a pandemic where they shut the building down. They shut everything down. And what did we do? Oh my. I wanted to be with everyone. I wanted to see everyone and we couldn't. What does Palm Sunday mean to us today, brothers and sisters? You know, I just can't help but think there's one thing that I want to say. We saw Jesus in our scripture today coming into Jerusalem. He's going to come back to Jerusalem one day, isn't he? And you know, if you turn with me in your Bibles, we have the 23rd Psalm, the 23rd Psalm. We read it all the time. We memorize the 23rd Psalm. We recognize. But then there's the 24th Psalm. Psalm 24, the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world and they that dwell therein. Why is that? Because he bought it. He created it. He allowed it to fall. And then he redeemed it. He bought it. For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods. Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? Or who shall stand in his holy place? He that hath clean hands and a pure heart, who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully, he shall receive the blessing of from the Lord and righteousness from the God of his salvation. I think this is just beautiful because this to me is speaking of the day in which we live. Any day now, there will be two prophets that emerge on the scene. And my view is I believe they're alive on earth already. They're very much alive on earth already. They may or may not know their calling, but they're alive on earth. And it will just take for them to actually be in their position for the spirit of God to come upon them and manifest the prophetic utterance. But this is the generation of them that seek him, that seek thy face, oh Jacob sailor. Lift up your heads, oh ye gates, and be ye lifted up, ye everlasting doors, and the king of glory shall come in. I think this is so beautiful when we can say there is a dual meaning. There is a compound meaning and revelation for scripture. The same thing happens to a true believer. There comes a time where we can say just like brother Brandham said in that message. I was never the same after that because what did I do? I said lift up my head and open up the gates into my heart. There isn't going to be one secret room that I'm holding back. I'm going to say just come on in and be the Lord of glory. And you know what? That's about to take place in the land of Israel. And what happened was the Muslims, they went and bricked up those gates. They don't want no Nazarene coming back from the dead and walking through the eastern gate. But we know what's going to happen. We know he's going to go right through that gate. There isn't going to be nothing that will stop the King of glory from coming through those gates. In verse 7, it says, "Lift up your heads, oh ye gates, and be ye lifted up, ye everlasting doors, and the King of glory shall come in." And they'll say, "Who is this King of glory? The Lord strong and mighty, the Lord mighty in battle." Lift up your heads, oh ye gates. even lift them up. Ye everlasting doors and the King of glory shall come in. All we've got to do is lift up the gates in our lives. Just lift those gates up and see if the King of glory won't come in. And everyone's going to say, "Who is this King of Glory again?" And we'll be able to say, "Oh, it's the Lord of hosts. He is the King of Glory." Say, "He's the King of Kings and Lord of Lords." And we can say with assurityity that he is my Lord. He has broken down every single wall. I'm going to call the musicians. Brothers and sisters, what does Palm Sunday mean to you today? 2025, the time the Savior rode up into the city so that he could be destroyed in the flesh for us. God richly bless you today. Maybe stand with me as we close. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for what you've done for us, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus, that we're able to recognize your word in the day in which we live. Thank you, heavenly father, that Lord, we have ears to hear what your spirit says to the church. Father, we pray that Lord, if any of of us here, Lord, we need to know you and the power of your resurrection. If we just haven't had that time in our life where we can say that I know that my redeemer lives, Father, I pray that something special could happen today, Father, that you would just reveal yourself personally to the individual because we know that's what the new birth is. You told us that, Father. We ask Lord Jesus if anyone here today has grown just maybe a little bit weary, a little tired, a little cold in their experience. Father, Lord, we pray that we could just Lord raise our hands unto you and give you the opportunity to minister unto us, Father. Lord Jesus, we know we don't need to have an altar call, Father. Our hearts are the altar. And Lord Jesus, we know that altar is open right now. Father, we pray that you would just go from seat to seat, from heart to heart, ministering, Lord, bringing salvation and forgiveness, Lord Jesus, bringing healing, Lord Jesus, and restoration. Father, we know that you're able to give us all of those things. Father, there's a reason why you came to Calvary. The reason why you rode up into Jerusalem. Oh, Father, that you came so that we could be here today, Father. And Lord Jesus, help us not to waste it. Father, help us, Lord Jesus, not to take you for granted. Lord, oh Lord Jesus, we know that you, your spirit will not always strive with man. Father, the days are growing short. I pray that, Father, somehow someway something was said today, Father, that would just make a difference in someone's life. Lord Jesus, we pray that you would just receive the glory now as we sing a couple songs unto you, Father. That you would be glorified. Be with those who couldn't be here today, Father. Wherever they are, Lord, maybe working or traveling, Father, maybe at home because they're sick, Lord. Father, whatever it is, wherever they are, we know that you're more than able to minister unto them, Father. Maybe those who are streaming today, Father. Those who would watch later, Lord. Father, you're not bound by time or space. Lord, be there, Lord, too, Father, we pray. Oh, we love you and thank you. We just commit each life into your hands now. Father, as we go our separate ways, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] We have a prayer request here. I apologize from sister [Music] kindness. She's looking for complete healing in her legs and body. We also would just like to welcome sister Salamantu and brother her son back with us again from Africa. God richly bless you. Let's just bow again. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for your goodness. We just pray for sister kindness, Lord, that according to her words, according to her request, Father, that you would meet the need, that you would take away the pain in the name of Jesus. Father, we know that you're more than able. And we just unite together more than ever, Father. And we rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus Christ that would try and come against your daughter. And we proclaim the glorious liberty of our Lord. Thank you for bringing sister Salaman 2 back to us and her son Ezekiel. Father, we pray that you would continue to bless them as well. Bless each one abundantly. Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Can we sing that song? Here I am to worship. Here I am to worship. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made my heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with [Music] you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Your You're all together. All [Music] together. King of all so mighty. Glorious in [Music] heaven to the earth. [Music] All I [Music] see here I am toship. Here I am. Here I am to say that you're my God. [Music] Amen. Can we change the tempo this morning? Can we sing hosana? I just think that would be so appropriate. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my [Music] salvation. Oh my god. for Jesus. It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Just clap it. He's passing by right now. Let him hear you. Cry out to him. Glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hosana [Music] [Music] beless beless. [Music] Jehovah nyra. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey, [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. How about victory in Jesus? [Music] Victory in Jesus. I heard an old old story. How my savior came from glory. I'll begin on Calvary to save like me. [Music] [Applause] I see [Music] nothing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] I heard about [Music] how we walk again. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I heard [Applause] [Music] about I heard about the crystal se [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] victory. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] I don't know about you, but I feel like singing. Amen. Can we sing? I feel like traveling on. Amen. Okay with two more songs. Yeah. Don't want to make anybody nervous. If you have to go, I understand. But if you want to just worship him, my goodness, I can't help but think about our promise, brothers and sisters. My heavenly home is bright and fair. Do you feel like it traveling? [Music] Oh [Music] my god. Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Oh my god. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. Can we sing? When the redeemed are gathering in. When the redeemed are gathering in. [Music] I am thinking of the rapture in our blessing all the gather. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] That's right. Now, [Applause] brother [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] They will sing their story with their [Music] [Applause] voices. God bless you today. [Music] Heat up here. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, you Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] It's free. [Music] Wow. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Baby, do it. [Music] Be quick. Heat. Heat. [Music] Christmas. [Music]
