################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 2025-06-08 - Take Up Your Cross -  Bro. Barry - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    2025-06-08 - Take Up Your Cross -  Bro. Barry
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TF7acGnTORg
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson 
Sunday, June 8th 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Tell [Music] Want to welcome once again in the house of the Lord. Each one good to have visitors, old friends, different ones in in the service this morning. Trust the Lord's blessing on you and may you fellowship with him and with us. May we have a wonderful time around the things of the Lord this morning. looking forward to what God has in store for us. Let's start with a confession. I know my redeemer lives. Who taught the son where to stand in the morning? Who told the ocean you can only come this far? [Music] And who show the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star. Oh, and I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, that all creation testifies that this life within me cries, "Oh, I know my redeemer lives." That very sing God that spins things in order. Oh, he runs to the weary, the sad, and the [Music] low. Oh, that same gentle hand that holds me when I'm broken. It conquers and it brings me victory. Oh yes, I my [Music] redeemer. Oh I my redeemer lives. Holy all creation testify that this life within my redeemer is Oh yes I know my redeemer. [Music] Oh [Music] mighty all creation testify that [Music] Christ one more time. Oh yes, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify that this life with me Christ my [Music] redeemer and glory glory hallelujah. [Music] Oh, blessed be his holy name. Oh yes, he the [Music] great Lord. Oh yes, that's the song of the redee. [Applause] Oh, was my heart and soul. Oh my the mighty Jesus [Music] sold he set me free to worship him. [Music] Glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh his holy name. Oh yes, the great man. [Music] Oh yes, that's the song of [Music] glory and life. [Music] Oh, so you got this sing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, any to worship In like a lost land I was oh so helpless [Music] and [Music] oh the singing she found me and Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] he and he said the song of glory. [Music] Lord, I come to you today with a [Music] single. I pray that in everything that I do, oh let my Oh Lord, praise you. Oh, praise his name. Praise you. Please. Oh my God. Oh Lord, praise [Music] you. Oh, praise you. [Music] Praise. Oh Lord, praise you. Oh Lord, you poured me out a flame and for your glory I was made. Oh use this [Music] you praise you take it when you come praise [Music] you praise [Music] Oh [Music] my bra. [Music] Lord, praise [Music] you. Let's pray. Our dear heavenly father, what a beautiful sight this morning to see our brothers and our sisters from all over. Father, coming here with one purpose, bringing your sacrifice of praise and worship to you. Father, we didn't deserve this grace that you have bestowed upon us. And here we are this morning able to stand here and sing and raise our voices without a police officer or an army officer standing at the gate. We have the liberty to come and worship you this morning. Lord, we want to say thank you Lord Jesus this morning. Somebody is at a hospital. Somebody is at a war zone. But here we are this morning. What what stops us this morning to say thank you for what you have done for us this morning. Father, we are here this morning once again to worship you, to praise you, Lord, and above all, Lord, we have needs in our midst, Lord, knowing that you are the only one that can take them, Lord, because you have promised us that if we have any yoke upon our shoulders, we should bring it to you this morning. And here we are this morning, bringing those needs that we don't even need. We don't even know this morning, Lord. It's my prayer the Lord you move upon person to person this morning father answer those needs Lord Jesus and those that have brought their their thanksgiving Lord would you receive it this morning father once again father we pray for our pastor who has labored yes to bring your might your children this morning Lord may you prepare a place in our hearts to receive the word as it come forward Lord Father we love you we thank you for giving us another opportunity to gather in your name. For in Jesus name that we pray over this service. Amen. Thank you, brother. Maybe shake someone's hand as you're seated this morning. Worship fellow pilgrim brother or sister in the Lord is fellowshipping with us this morning. God bless each one of you. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to be with all of you. All participants in this great work. Each one of us longing for the new Jerusalem city. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, there's going to be a meeting in the air and that's going to be where we all meet. Is that wonderful news this morning? Well, you have heard of little Moses in the bull rush. You have heard of fearless David and [Music] his well you have heard the story told of dreaming Jose and the will you all see. There are many others through life. And I should like to do and by God's grace we [Music] will be Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I'm going to be there. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] woman will be missing all [Music] together will [Music] be there will [Music] be far away. [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] sh everyone now. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. and God. He will be that one and that. Oh yes, there is going to [Music] be in the air in that sweet [Music] sweet. But I'm going to meet you. I'm going to meet you. I'm going to greet you over there in that beyond the sky. Oh, sing you will hear is never heard by it will [Applause] [Music] be God. Oh son, he will be that one and then [Music] he will be glorious. I do declare and God's oh son he will be that leading one and that in me want to give a praise off this morning. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord for your elected love. Thank you Lord for showing us. You showed us what we did. Blessed be your name Lord. Blessed be your name Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be his name. Well to God be the glory. Great things he hath done. Oh God, he the world that he gave us his son who his life had to before sin and he opened the king and all. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the earth praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the people [Music] rejoice to the father through Jesus. Glory great things he had done. Oh perfect redemption, the purchase of God to every believer. The proise of God is the [Music] truly Jesus. [Music] Let me hear his voice. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the people rejoice to the father through Jesus the son and glory. Great things he have done. Great things he hath done us. Great things he have done and great our rejoicing through Jesus the son and gater will be a transport with Jesus. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the earth hear his voice. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the people [Music] rejoice to the father through Jesus the son. Give him the glory. great things he had [Music] done. Thank you, Lord. How can we not praise him? We continue to come as we stand this morning. Oh, I want to see him. All those words are all those songs are priming us for this this statement. Just the chorus, brother. Oh, I want to see him. All that ant that anticipation has built up in all of us for all these years. It's just around the corner, saints. It's just around the corner. As the scripture says, don't get weary welloing now. Don't don't give up yet. Just around the corner. We are at the closing days. Blessed be his name. Oh, I want to see him. I believe that's our prayer this morning. Deacons, come if you would. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There you sing for his Oh my [Music] go. Amen. Let's we have a few announcements here. reminder that this weekend is the spring cleanup and once again we all know this but may we do it that many hands light work. If you can turn out please do so and it'll be good fellowship too. On the 15th is the youth meeting at the Panettas and we have on the 22nd footwashing communion. On the 29th another potluck and then uh on July 6th we have a visiting minister brother Roshan. on the 9th, Brother Adeladon. And then on the 11th, we have brother Gallat. So just uh stay in prayer for those meetings. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, thank you, Father, for this moment in time. Father, thank you for the desire in our heart, Father, to to assemble, Lord, in your name, in your provided place, Father. We could all be in many places today, Father, but you called us, Father. You justified us, Lord. You sanctified us, Lord. You granted us the baptism of your Holy Ghost, Father. But, Father, we desire to be truly married to you, Father. Amen. Not just a baptism, Father. Father, as the song we just sang, Lord, Father, pointing those to Calvary, Father, Lord, not by pointing to scripture, Lord, but manifesting a life worthy of your gospel that they could hunger and thirst and Father, know that you're alive and alive well in your bride today. Lord, our soul demands reality, Lord. Father, we want the reality of your word in our lives. Yes, Father. We want a body changing word to take root in our lives, Father. Glory that we would be husbands and spouses and wives and sons and daughters Lord employees that wherever we go they would go there's a son and daughter of God not through legalism Lord but through sub submissive to your word in this day Lord continue Lord to Father grant your spirit of discernment to your body Lord that we can separate Father the flesh and the religious spirit Lord and just give you preeminence Father Father we surrender all in our heart Father May it work out in this in our flesh, Father. Lord, that is what we desire, Lord. Father, we stand here today surrendering all and a part of that, Lord, we bring our praise and our worship of our hands and our mouth and our heart, but Lord, we also lay down our tithes and offerings at your feet, Lord. May you bless it, Father. Bless the remainder of this service, Lord. We welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? [Music] Wonderful. Oh, I succeed. Hear that word. What's recorded in God's word is Jesus, my Lord. Wonderful is [Music] indeus my [Music] wonderful word God's word is Jesus my Lord wonderful [Music] And then you may have your seats this morning. We have a couple of specials this morning. It's sister Rebecca's last day, last service with us. So, we'll just ask the Odene sisters to come up. I think they have two ser specials for us. And then uh a long time friend of ours, Brother Ernie Walner, is in this service this morning, Sister Katie, and he's got a testimony to share with us. He was sharing some of it with me, I think. I don't know if that's that's the testimony or others, but we'll have you come up after and share that. Brother Ernie and Sister Katie fellowship and uh somewhere in Washington or BC. I'm not sure where you fellowship, but you're saints of God. Let's just put it that way. Doesn't matter where your fellowship is. Brother Brandham said it so well. It's not your brand, but the blood tag that counts. Blessed be his name this morning. Sisters, would you come as we sing it one more time? Oh, isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful [Music] Jesus [Music] Christ in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. [Music] [Music] He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, one time gone. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's a long time God. Yes, he is. You can ask the children of Israel trapped up the Red Sea. Five at me. knows Pharaoh and his army. They hurt the water all around them and Pharaoh on your track from out of nowhere and God stepped in and made a highway just like that. I tell you, he's an on time guy. Yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's a long time God. Yes, he is. We can ask the 5,000 hungry souls. He fed on the banks of the river. We took fish and five loaves of bread. What a miracle he performed for the multitude. What he did way back then, he'll do for me and you. Let me tell you, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. And he's an untime God. Yes, he is. We have a couple of witnesses. If you call them Mary and Martha, they'll tell you he's on time. He's on time. He's on time. On time. He's on time. On time. Oh yes. He's on. Every voice will tell you on time. He's on time. On time. He's on time. On time. Oh yes, he's on time. To tell you on time. He's on time. On time. He's on time. On time. Oh yes, he's on time. He's on time. On time. On time. On time. He's on time. On time. Oh yes, he's on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he may not come where you are, but he is a long time God. He's a long time God. He's a long time God. He's a long time God. Oh yes, he is. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I was walking down UK n land where the seed of Abraham poses that land. I saw old Caleb walking sweet by when he spoke. This was a fate I like to serve. Give me this mountain. I come to take it. You see this mountain is my inheritance. I heard God's prophet when he made the proise when I said amen. That mountain became mine. [Music] Now we are living in the end of days. We will send the evening light to hide away. Just like old Caleb. Let us walk by faith. Let us take your promises and proclaim. Give me this mountain. is made of mountain. Come on in the name of Jesus. See this mountain. That's my inheritance. I heard God. I heard God from that proise. When I said amen, that mountain became [Music] Wow. [Music] And I'm faced in life with rage and the devil tried so hard to break my crown. I take the sword of God's unchanging world and I face the enemy to play my land. Give me this mountain. Give me this mountain. I've come to take in the name of Jesus. I come your is my he I heard you clearly and I said amen that mountain be give me this mountain this mountain give this mountain I give this my possession you my inheritance. I heard God's promise. I heard him clear. When he made a pro when I said amen, that mountain be. When I said amen. When I said amen, that mountain be. When I said amen. When I said amen, that mountain be. If you say amen. If you say amen, that bouncing [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen, sisters. Wow. I thought it'd start a revival in your heart. If it doesn't in your feet and your hands, it certainly will in your heart. God bless you, sisters. Appreciate that so much. Brother Ernie, would you come? Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you. Just just a real honor and a privilege to be here this morning. Amen. And I cannot believe this. This is This is unreal. The last time we're here, there wasn't Was it here? Was it the other church? The other church. There wasn't that many people. But wow. Is there Is there any congreles in here? Whoa. You know, Brother DDA and Brother Christian Columba. I guess you listen to him singing on on he brother DD is our pastor. Uh we live in Washington State and um is it I have a very very unique testimony cuz sister Katie and myself were raised in a huttery colony and then we became hutter lefts cuz we left. So So anyway growing up we grew up well from five years old when you start you grow up actually in fear. [Music] old, no music. So that fear followed me for 55 years. And at the age of 60, I was delivered from that fear. I would have never been able to come up here and do this. But no music at the colony. So the only thing you could really hide was a harmonica. But when they found it on me, I was whipped. I don't know how many times they took it away. I got another one and kept playing. And so, so here I am. I I played a harmonic. I after I give my testimony, I want to play a song for you. Brother Brandham, he said when you come over yonder, he says when you come up, he says you'll hear me singing on the top of my voice, amazing grace. [Applause] And then then he said, then you'll say, "Oh, brother Bill made it." So that is my testimony. But we all we all went through 2020. I guess the scan we call it a scandmic, right? Scandmic. So October the 2nd, 2020, I come home. It was a Friday. I come home from work and I felt really sick. Told my wife, you know, I can't go to church tonight. You'll have to go by yourself. So I stayed home and I started to throw up. By the following Wednesday, she took me into the hospital. They did an X-ray and said I had pneumonia. So they give me penicellin twice, but they give me the wrong penicellin. So I got sicker and sicker and sicker, just throwing up and throwing up. Like every time she would feed me with a dropper and and a blueberry, I would just throw it up. And then and that I lost 40 pounds. And uh so anyway, by the 14th day on it was a Friday evening. It was a service and our nephew, brother Daryl Hoofer, some of you know him, he had written a song, cast the mamba in the fire, tell the devil he is a liar. And then turn up the heat and burn his deceit. And they kept singing that over and over. And I'm listening to that. I was very, very tired because my lungs were just totally given out. And from my oxygen was down to 83. And I was actually between life and death at that time. So I I am actually a walking miracle. [Applause] So I went to sleep and at 3:00 in the morning I was awakened and I'm standing beside the bed here and I'm looking at myself. I'm laying in the bed. I'm on my elbow and I'm looking out the window at 3:00 in the morning. It's usually black, but it's daylight outside. And as I'm as I'm laying there, this black sheet come flying over my shoulder and into the garbage can. I said, "Cast the mamba in the fire." At 3:00 in the afternoon, I told Sister Katie, "Come take this mamba, tie it up, and go back in the fire pit and burn it." And that's what she did. Amen. Then I knew that Satan could not take my life. Now, by the by the following Friday, I I I couldn't walk. So, I had two brothers come and and take me out of the bed, lift me in a chair, and rolled me out to the car. Sister T sister Katie hauled me to the hospital. So, they took me in. As soon as they put the oxygen, I I just completely revived. But I stayed in the hospital for 21 days. And so what happened is at 1:30 in the morning by ambulance because the hospital that she took me at didn't have the facility. So the ambulance at 1:30 in the morning hauled me to another hospital. So when when the attendants took me into the elevator, they pushed the floor. I didn't have a clue where I was going to land up. I landed up on the fifth floor. Grace, God's grace. That's all I had. I I can't say anything else. So they they put me in a room, put oxygen on me, put wires. You know, there won't be no wires in heaven, but I was full of them at that time. So next morning, I got up about probably quarter after 8 or something, they brought me breakfast and I was I was I was hungry because I hadn't eat for a long time. For the first time, I ate that breakfast and it stayed down. So, there's a big window there on the side of the of my bed where I was laying. And the building that was a flat building, and there was the metal flashing was going around the building. And uh and as I'm looking out, I see these two little birds hopping. They're hopping and they stop dead center in the middle of the window. And I'm looking at these birds. I could see their heads going like this. And I then I said, "That's turtle doves. They're couping. They're they're speaking to me." I couldn't hear them, but I knew the way they were going. And they were they were white. And they stayed there about 10 minutes. And when they flew up, I didn't see the third one. It was sitting down. And then unice and all three of them. Brother Brandham said, "Three is life." So then I knew for sure, Satan, you cannot take this life. Amen. There was such a presence that came into the room for two days. I just wept. I just wept. The Lord the Lord was so so it it was it was absolutely incredible. Amen. And then he gave me a song. He said, "When you come out of the hospital, you will sing this song with your fam family." And I don't sing, but when he tells you you sing, you sing. So here's the song. Satan tried to take my life through prayer. The answer was on the way. Three turtle doves so pure and white. A glorious victory was in sight. This bloodline Satan cannot cross. He was stopped by love divine. Doves came to lead this eagle home. Pure and clean, made fully whole. And here I stand. The Lord give me a brand new set of lungs. [Applause] So now now the the new lungs I'm unstoppable. I can play whatever anywhere whoever. So here I want to play in the key of G. I want to play Amazing Grace for you. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yes. Glory. That is my desire. just if I can just instill in you a little bit of faith as my desire to leave here and and if you need healing or whatever I just said Lord that testimony will touch somebody's heart that is my desire God bless you and thank you [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. He's saved yesterday, today, and forever. Blessed be his name. Blessed be his name. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Maybe you could stand with me. Brother Ernie, Sister Katie, it's been many years. Dear friends are are so wonderful and especially dear when you know you'll this is not the last time we're going to see each other. We'll have all eternity to share each other's love. And that's such a tremendous thing. If you if you don't have that assurance, I would just tell you it's worth everything. It's worth everything. Lay your life down. It's not worth giving up. There's so much to live for. And it's not in this world. I can tell you this world's burning soon. It's done. It's completely finished. But that world, it'll never fade away. Blessed be his name. Blessed be his name. Wonderful to be in the presence of the Lord Jesus this [Music] morning. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this beautiful song. How could we not sing this to the Lord? You're beautiful. When you think about your husband, think about him that way. I know it's maybe hard for guys to think this way, but just put yourself on that spirit. Lord, you're so beautiful. You're so wonderful in every way. As our pastor comes, we're his bride. He's your husband. Just worship him. Give him the dew that he's worthy of. If anybody's worthy of love, if anybody's worthy of that, goodness gracious, our Lord Jesus gave his life. He's going to he's going to hug us with nail scarred hands, saints. And that tells us the true love story, as our brother said. Goodness gracious. Wonderful to be a Christian this morning. Thank you, Lord, for brothers that will share. And I think of brother Ernie being afraid to come up and and the Lord delivering him of that. This is wonderful to share the testimony this morning. We all benefited greatly, my brother. Thank you. Thank you, sister Katie, for I know you were a true helpmate to to him through that time as every wife is. My goodness, my wife has kept me alive many times in different ways. So, we appreciate godly wives. Absolutely. Lord, you are beautiful. as her pastor comes. Oh, you are beautiful beyond description. Yes, you are, Lord. Or you're too marvelous for words. Oh, you're too wonderful for comprehension like nothing ever seen or who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can the depths of your love? You are beautiful beyond description majesty in the room of the I stay. [Music] I say [Music] I praise you. Oh, we are to [Music] wonderful and nothing ever [Music] Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depths of your heart? You are beautiful beyond description. [Music] to [Music] see. I said I said you [Applause] [Music] I praise you. Amen. God bless you today. Welcome to the house of the Lord one more time. What an honor and a privilege it is to be in his presence. Just certainly thankful that we can gather together this way and certainly like to welcome everyone here. Brother Ernie and Sister Katie. God bless you. Thank you for the testimony. Brother Ernie, we have Sister Angela from Nigeria here. God bless you, sister. Welcome. We have brother Brent and Sister Alicia Flacker here as well from Edmonton Living Word. God bless you. Welcome. We also have a 60th birthday recognition and thanksgiving. I believe it's is it brother Franklin's mom? Mother-in-law. Sorry. And uh sister Kilomo. God bless you, [Applause] sister. certainly wish you a happy birthday, sister. It's this week coming up. And uh just a little correction, we have youth at the Panettas on Friday, June the 13th. Certainly looking forward to that. And uh the Friday night gatherings are wonderful for the youth. And you know, as parents, if we don't make the efforts to make sure our children are in fellowship on Friday evenings, they're going to find it. And that's our choice. So, we're certainly excited to see what the Lord will do on Friday. If you have a need this morning, maybe just make it known unto him by wave an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we know there's many hands raised in this building, Father, and maybe hands raised aar, Lord, people streaming or maybe watching later. We know you're not bound by time or space. And we thank you that you're that kind of a God. Amen. Even though we're trapped in time and space, you can be trapped. And Father, we're so thankful that we can call you our father and our God. Lord, we're so thankful that you're already here according to your word. Lord Jesus, we know that the devil comes to church. And Father, we're so thankful that this morning, as we heard our sisters sing, Lord, we have come desiring something today, Father. And Lord, if the devil has decided to come here today, let us remind him that he has no part in this service. We just rebuke him in Jesus name. And father, Lord Jesus, give us that mountain. Father, we have come here expecting one more time, Lord, that you would give us of our inheritance. That you would grant us that position in you. Father, help us, Lord, to hear what your spirit has to say. Father, help us to tune out the things of this world and to open our ears and our hearts, Lord, further unto you, Lord, that we could be more like you, Lord. Oh, Father, that as we already heard our brother say, that we could manifest a life worthy of this gospel. Oh, Father, not us, but you through us, Lord Jesus. Amen. Help us to die out to ourselves today, Father. Oh Lord, that you might live. Father, we just want to commit the needs that were made known unto you today by the way of an uplift hand, Lord. Father, we want to remember brother Peter Hoffer in front of your throne this morning, Lord. Thank you for his life. Thank you for this situation and this opportunity for your goodness and tender mercies to come through. Lord, we know that you actually gave us a dual covenant, Lord. Not just for salvation, but for healing. Before you gave your life, oh, Father, you gave 39 stripes so that we could be healed in this flesh. Lord, we're not looking for healing in the millennium. We're looking for it now. And Lord, we just take you at your word. Amen. So, thank you for touching Brother Peter in the name of Jesus. Father, each and every need, we just commit them into your hands now for your glory. We love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. This morning, if you uh want to just take your seats for a minute, I'm going to keep the musicians here. We're going to do something a little different today. And boy, I just feel nervous. And certainly thankful for the leadership of the Lord in in our lives. And uh this morning, as we have already heard, this is going to be the last service uh with Sister Rebecca Odolene. Is that right? It's the last service we're going to have with her. And uh for the right reasons, she's actually engaged to be married in Nigeria to a brother named Victor Yumok. And I believe that next time we see her, that will be her name. Sister Rebecca Yumok. And we want to maybe practice that a little bit so we get that right when we see her next. But you know, to hear that the Lord has moved in this kind of a way, it's it's an answer to our prayer. And I I think it's so important to make sure that we give credit where it's due. Amen. We could say that we did something on our own, but to know that God has moved on the scene. I just want to read a quote. I'll tell you what I plan to do here and then you don't have to get nervous so you know kind of what I'm thinking. I would like to invite Sister Rebecca to the front and we'll just pray as a congregation for her. We can't go to Nigeria. Some of us, most of us in fact can't go to celebrate this wedding. So I just wanted to give us a little bit of an opportunity here today. Amen. just to wish God's richest blessings upon her spiritually, naturally, physically, every single type of blessing that is available to her. I just want to read a quote out of the marriage of the lamb in 1962. Brother Brandham says, "Now marriage in one sense is a type. The earthly marriage here is a type of the heavenly marriage." Now let's go over it just for a few moments to rehearse it a moment. The first thing there is there must be a decision made. Amen. The first thing takes in natural marriage is a decision has to be made. The young lady has to make her decision whether she wants this young man and the young man whether he wants the young woman. There has to be a decision made and you have to make it. She has to be the only woman in the world that you love and he must be the only man. If it isn't, then you made a wrong decision. And that's the same way it is by making the decision for Christ. The first thing you have to do is make up your mind whether you're going to serve him and take him as your savior. Amen. Or you're not going to do it. There's no part way. And you know, the worst thing that could ever happen in a marriage is to go part way. And we know that's what happens naturally in this world. People say we can just try it and if it doesn't work, we can just get divorced and we can move on. Aren't you thankful that Christ will never divorce his bride? He will never put his bride away. If that was the case, she would already be put away. The first thing you have to do is make up your mind whether you're going to serve God and take him as your savior or you're not going to do it. Are you going to serve the world? Are you going to serve Christ? You have to make up your mind. There has to be a decision made. When you make up your mind that you're going to serve God or mammon, then you take your choice. But the decision has been made. And then after the decision is made that you are, then comes the engagement that you find that at the altar. You've got to make an engagement before this union can be. And that's the way it is with Christ's church. It has to be an engagement with Christ, a pledge, an engagement, a love affair. And then the next thing is promises made. There has to be promises made to one another like that. You make promise, sweetheart, if you'll marry me, I promise that I'll be loyal and true. I will look upon no other woman or I'll look upon no other man. And I'll do all that as a duty as a wife. We have children. It'll do all as a duty as a mother. I'll be a housekeeper. All these promises has got to be made or should be in a correct wedding. Amen. And that's the same thing when you come to Christ. Lord, if you will receive me into your kingdom, I promise there you are. I'll love you. I'll be true to you. I'll serve you day and night. It's too bad we forget that. I'll serve you day and night. I'll fast. I'll pray. I'll be loyal to you. I'll bring my tithes into the storehouse. I'll pray many times a day. I'll do anything and I'll pledge all my love to you. That's what you should do. That's exactly right where you promised that and it should come from your heart. That's the prophet's words out of the marriage of the lamb. So, if you don't mind, maybe stand with me. I want to invite the Odelene sisters to come. Sister Rebecca, we're just going to pray for you. And you know, I I'm going to say this. Anyone else that feels led, if you want to come and pray with us, you're more than welcome to. Some might be getting nervous. This is a little bit out of order, but sometimes I think it's good to get a little bit out of order. Let's get out of our comfort zones. [Music] Yeah. Come on up, sisters. [Music] All right, we have some more people coming. Amen. Yeah, come on up if you want to. Don't be bashful. This might be the last time you get to pray with Sister Rebecca here on this side. Let's just pray. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, this morning. We are truly honored and privileged, Lord, to stand in your presence, Lord, with your daughter. Father, we're so thankful for her testimony, Lord Jesus, of her life here in this assembly, Lord. I remember back to when she was here with her parents, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, and you've seen fit since then to take both of her parents home, Lord. Father, now you've granted her the desire of her heart, Lord Jesus, to go on and become a wife, Father. Lord Jesus, what an honor, Father, we pray that you would just bless her abundantly, Father, that you would grant her, continue granting her the desires of her heart, Lord Jesus. Father, that she would just be a good wife to her husband and that her husband would be a strong leader, oh, Father, not naturally, but spiritually and naturally, Lord. Father, we're so thankful for the pattern that you've given us in your word, Lord Jesus. We have a direction. We have leadership, Lord. Oh, Father. And we pray that Sister Rebecca and Brother Victor would just keep you first in their life every day of their lives, Lord. That their marriage would be centered around you, Father. And Lord, if it be your will for them to have children, Father, that you would grant it to them in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, Father, and that they would raise them in the fear and the admonition of you, Lord, if you should terry, Father, we're so thankful for Sister Rebecca's life and her testimony and the gifts you've placed in there. We pray that you would just keep your hand upon her as she travels, Lord, every single day of her life. And Father, we'll be careful to give you the praise when we hear the testimony after the wedding. Bless their wedding. Bless their ceremony. Bless the church they will attend, Father. And Lord, we pray for their sisters, Lord. Her sisters here in Calgary. They'll miss her, Lord. Oh, Father, the body here will miss her, Father. But we're so thankful for your goodness to us, Lord. We just pray, Lord, we ask all these things now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. And as a body here, we just like to present you with this as a wedding gift, a token of our appreciation to you, [Applause] [Music] sister of your wisdom. Who can fathom the depths of your love? You are beautiful beyond description. Oh majesty enthrone. [Music] Oh, I stand I stand in all of you. I stand I stand in love you to all praisees. standing on you. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Today, just a wonderful, wonderful day. You have your Bibles. I'd like to take a scripture out of St. Luke chapter 8. Actually, sorry. St. Luke chapter 9. Isn't he wonderful? St. Luke chapter 9, we'll start reading with verse 23. A very familiar scripture once again. And he said unto them all, "If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me." Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful for your word. Thank you for this opportunity, Lord, to gather together in your name. We know that it's your only provided place of worship in this age in which we live. And Father, we don't take it lightly. And as we approach the highest order of the service, Father, we just invite you to have the preeminence, Father, and minister to us words of life once again. Help us, Lord Jesus, to die to oursel and to take up your cross and to follow you. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. I bless you this morning. You may be seated. I just got really inspired by this this thought. Um and so I thought we would go with it and just see what the Lord has to say. Are you happy this morning? Verse 23 says, "And he said to them all, if he any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. For whosoever will save his life shall lose it. But whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it? For what is a man advantaged if he gain the whole world and lose himself or be cast away? Isn't that an interesting scripture there? When you hear something like that in the word, it means that it's possible for a man, I would say, or a woman to lose themselves. What does that mean? I would think that it would mean giving over to something other than the word of God. Giving over to anything other than the word of God. If a man would lose himself but gain the whole world, my we know Jesus was tempted one day to gain the whole world. The word says that he was tempted, but he knew it wasn't the right way. And it's the same thing for us. We could be tempted to gain what we might perceive to be the whole world, but is it going to take us towards the cross? Is it going to take us in the direction that we need to be going? or is it going to become a major distraction and consuming to our very soul at a place where we lose ourselves? Because the way we interact with the world, we don't interact anymore the way that maybe we would have once upon a time before we got into whatever it is. Sometimes we can have so much pressure in our life from business or from relationships or from employment or the worst one of all is money. The love of money is the root of all evil. Money is only a tool. That's all it is. If it's anything else, we've got it wrong. But how easy it could be to gain what we might perceive to be the whole world. That thing that we just pine away for. Oh, if I just had that one thing, if I could just get to this one place, if I could just reach that one number of investment, then I know that all all of my my pastures would be green and I would be set. I'd have it made. I could retire at 55. Freedom 55. How many knows Freedom 55? When I was growing up, that was the the commercials on the television. Freedom 55. I don't know what the company was. So, they failed. I can't remember the name of the company, but you know, everybody had talked about that. For me, that would be two years and I would be retiring. And you know, I can't imagine what would happen if someone retires. What do you do when you retire? Sit around and and do nothing. I could never do that. And if anybody has ever wondered, I've talked to people and they've said, you know, why do you have so many interests? You got so many different things that you're into. And and it clicked for me this week. I was having a conversation last weekend. Actually, Brother Jason and I were talking about it and and I couldn't really I was like, really, why do I? Because it feels like sometimes I have so many different interests. I can't really focus on anything. I I'm good at a lot of things, but not really spectacular at any. But, you know, it just came to me. I believe the Lord said it in another conversation. It's amazing how the Lord talks to you, isn't it? He speaks through people. Idle minds are the devil's workshop. Idle hands are the devil's workshop. We've heard that said. That's not scripture, but that's that's a saying in the world that we've heard many times. And and it clicked for me. That's why I like to keep busy. If we sit around and do nothing, the devil is going to do something. We need to keep ourselves busy. But how quickly we could get swept away with these things that we feel like are so important and that the world portrays that are so important. You have to have your portfolio all together there. And if you don't if you don't achieve a certain level of investment, then you're going to fail. Meanwhile, where's our children? Do our children know that we love them? Amen. Are we taking the time to invest our time in our children? I've seen it in the world. I've known some very wealthy people, very wealthy people whose children lack for nothing right here in the city of Calgary. And you know what? Those children are and and they're not wanting anymore because they're adults. But the thing that they wanted when they really needed it, they couldn't have it because daddy wasn't available. He was never around, but he always had lots of money for them. They had lots of entitlement to go and do things and go places and experience things and big screens and games and bikes and toys and all manner of things when really the only thing they ever wanted was daddy. That's all they wanted. They would have traded all of it for daddy. But, you know, we come to a place in our life where now we're actually past that point. But what happens at that point? Sometimes, not all the time, but sometimes those children now become adults striving to seek daddy's approval, striving to achieve to the level where daddy would want them to be. It's it's amazing. I I just can't help but think that might be one example of how a man whosoever will lose his life for my sake. The same shall save it. We can find ourselves in a in a in a position if we're not willing to lose oursel for his sake. We're we're going after the whole world and we'll lose ourselves or potentially be cast away. Verse 26 says, "For whosoever shall be ashamed of me and of my words, of him shall the Son of Man be ashamed, when he shall come in his own glory and in his fathers, and of the holy angels. But I tell you of a truth. There shall be some standing here which shall not taste of death till they see the kingdom of God." I want to say this this morning, brothers and sisters. If you have an ear to hear, you you actually have seen the kingdom of God this morning. This is the kingdom of God. Because where is the kingdom of God? It's within. It's not this church building. Don't come to Calgary Living Word and think you're going to find the kingdom of God inside this building. He's not in here. He's in you. He's in me. We bring him with us wherever we go. That's the kingdom. Today I want to talk about take up your cross, take up your cross. If any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. You know, this scripture I think could be like a I I say it many times, a a fridge a fridge scripture or a maybe a bathroom mirror scripture, something that we would look at every single day because it it really has it all together there, doesn't it? repent, get baptized, and follow the Lord. Just live our lives according to his word. But if a man wants to take up his cross and follow him, but is not willing to deny himself, is he really following him? We have got to be willing to deny ourselves if we're going to take up our cross. There's no way that we can actually take up the cross without denying ourselves. Sometimes we can be taught that going to church can give us that ability to take up our cross because we're going to church. We're getting out of bed and we're sacrificing and going across the city. And sure enough, it is actually a sacrifice to do that. But just getting to church ain't enough. You got to get to Christ. We have got to get to Jesus Christ. And the only way that we can do that is to take him at his word. I just think this scripture I'm going to say it a few times because I want us to really think about it here. He said unto them all. It wasn't just to some. It wasn't just to the elect. It was to everybody. All of them. If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross daily, and follow me. You know, cross is the G4716. It's pronounced stoos out of the concordance. It's from the base 2476. A stake or a post as set upright, i.e. specifically specially sorry a pole or cross as an instrument of capital punishment and that's what we all know it as the cross I think it's really interesting when you look at the world and the people might who might not believe in Christianity and they might not really believe in in Jesus Christ I mean they might know the name and acknowledge it that way but typically what happens is they wind up going to a cemetery a graveyard and and usually there's some kind of a cross implemented to remember that person. It's kind of interesting how that is even people that don't believe. But really that cross is it's it's designed to be a pole or a cross. This is what the word means in the scripture here. A pole or a cross is an instrument of capital punishment. A and figuratively this is where I believe it comes in for us. It's an exposure to death i.e. self-denial by implication, the atonement of Christ at the cross. And you know, to think about what Christ had to bear in in carrying that cross. I I've unfortunately seen a lot of movies and read a lot of books and I've heard stories about people that are going to die and the bad guy says, "Dig a hole because they're going to bury them there." And and I've often thought, why would a man do that? I wouldn't dig a hole. If you're gonna kill me, kill me. You dig the hole. I'm not doing the work. And you know, it sounds funny and I I mean it to be a little bit light-hearted that way, but uh just for the comparison, why would Christ bear that cross? He didn't deserve it. But yet, he did with all of his might because he recognized if he didn't do it, no one would. But you know, for us to say that he is our Lord, he is our leader. What a fa fantastic leader. You couldn't ask for a better leader. Someone who is whipped just about to death. Picking up the cross and saying, "This is how you live a Christian life. When it hurts the most, when you don't feel like it the most, when it's the most painful, painstaking thing you could ever do, pick it up and walk. and he'll bless you. But if we're not willing to do that, if we're just going to play safe and say, "Oh, I've got a little bit of pain. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to go to church because I don't like the way that brother did that or the way that pastor said that or or didn't say that. Oh my, he didn't do that thing or he did that thing. If we're just going to run away and not come to church because of that, what does that say to Christ?" You know, brothers and sisters, I want to say this. This is brother Barry here and I'm sorry, but I'm I I am sorry because I don't want to say it to our visitors and and so on, but I think it's important to say it. You know what? I I I have so much respect for someone that's going to leave a church that would call brother Barry, call the pastor and and say, "The Lord is leading me this way, and will you pray for me? This is what's going to happen. I I just feel led this way." And and you can pray together. Or you could say, "We just want to seek the mind of the Lord for our brother, for our sister, that his blessings would pour out." If God wants someone to move somewhere and do something, wouldn't we want that for them? Yes. But so many times you see people just vanish. And if you call them and you say, "What's up, man?" Well, I'm just led. Okay. I thought we were a family. Right. Right. to be able to take the time and say, "God bless you, and we we want to pray together as a body for you because we love you. Even if you don't love us anymore, we still love you and we just wish that God would continue to bless you." But how do you get that opportunity if someone runs away? I don't know. Is it carrying the cross? Is it packing the pain? Or is it running from it? I think it's very important and I have tons of respect for that to be able to say that that's the leadership of the Lord in my life, in my family, in my home. Will we pray together? It's just beautiful. And 1964 questions and answers. Brother Brham, he he talks about this and I I just believe this is part of our our discussion today and it might seem like a little bit of a tangent, but Lord willing hopefully we'll bring it back around again. 1964 in questions and answers number two, brother Brandham, he talks about the prophet's reward and and I just think how this scripture is he he said to them all if any man will come after me let him deny himself take up his cross daily and follow me when we look at this scripture here all of the world can look at the scripture here and say the exact same thing yeah sure if if I do that then then I repent and I get baptized and and and for the remission of my sins in the name of the father son and the holy ghost and I carry on. And you know what? I follow him. I pick up my cross every single day and I follow him. But are are are the people really encapsulating the gift that we have to this age? And you know, this is a message church. We'll call it that. We follow the teachings of William, Mary, and Brandham. But he pointed to Jesus Christ. But how are you ever going to get to Jesus Christ without the voice of a vindicated prophet? Without the instruction of the Lord for your age. 1964. Brother Brandham says this in questions and answers numbers two. Brother Brandham, if you have time, please explain Matthew 10:41. I would like to know what is a prophet's reward. Well, now Jesus said, "Whosoever receive a prophet in the name of a prophet receives a prophet's reward." A prophet's reward is to be a friend with the prophet. Isn't that beautiful? Is to be a friend with the prophet. Whosoever receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man receives a righteous man's reward. Is that right? And if they want to know what a prophet's reward is, is to be a friend to that prophet. See, that's a reward. He's your friend. Like the Shudomite woman. Uhoh. Here we go. Take up your cross and follow me. Brothers and sisters, think about that Shounomite woman. That Shounomite woman, we just preached about her, but there was something special about her. She had all of her investments, all that she had left to her name. She was ready to go and die, was her words to the prophet. And what did the prophet said? just go bake me a cake first. Amen. Can you imagine the brazeness of that man? How how the talk of the town must have been? Who is this guy? The Shunomite woman. She's a poor widow woman. And here he comes boastfully saying, "Just take all you got and give it to me." But she had something inside her to hear the voice of a vindicated prophet in her day. And we know, we went over it, that the Lord was directing both of them on both ends. He directed Elijah and he directed her. She said he told her to get ready because the prophet's coming your way and told the prophet to go down there because she's going to minister unto you. We we know that that's what happened. But just think about it, brothers and sisters. She had the opportunity, and it's no accident. There's no coincidence in the in the word of God. It's so beautiful, isn't it? How she had the two sticks, how she had that cross, and she had that burden. And what she was willing to do was take that burden and bear it. She was willing to pack that cross for the word of God. Not the word of a vindicated prophet, but the word of God. And that's all that comes through the voice of a vindicated prophet. That's why we follow a vindicated prophet here. But I can't help but think that Shoamite woman was willing to just bear it all. Just to take it all and say, I know that God's in control and I know he is alive. He is my God and I am going to give him the opportunity here. You know, uh another quote that I'm going to read out of questions and answers law having a shadow in 1954. This is going towards our text now out of um just uh take up your cross take up his cross daily. Brother Ranomy says, "Now, wouldn't you all like to have a real Bible church?" How many here would like to have a real Bible church? Amen. We're not interested in having a message church, are we? Even though we called it a message church two minutes ago, a message church I is not going to get us anywhere, brothers and sisters. Saying that we're Brandomites ain't going to get us anywhere, brothers and sisters. It's important to tell someone about a prophet, but then tell them what that prophet said. That prophet said, "Get into Christ." Because the prophet didn't die for anybody. We need to make sure we know where we stand. You know, unfortunately, this is one of the things that has pushed the young people out into the world. Randomism. People taking and making it something legalistic. This is what we do. But somewhere somehow sometime along the way back home, the children see mom and dad not living the words that this prophet taught. Wouldn't you all like to have a real Bible church? A real Bible church where all the spiritual gifts were set in order. Amen. Everything making manifest just exactly the way it should be. I know if you say speak in tongues, boy, some people want to just get upset and it's nervousness and it can be all this stuff. It's part of the word of God, man. It's one of the spiritual gifts. It's the fruit of the spirit. But isn't it wonderful that we had a vindicated prophet in our day that came and said, "Say what Paul said." I preach what Paul said. Paul set the first church in order. This guy set the last church in order. He brought it right back to the word of God and said, "If you want to speak in tongues, there is a place for it. But it's got to happen like this. If there's going to be a gift, it needs to be examined, not just blatantly out in the open." and and spoken in confusion in the congregation. That's not at all the way it's supposed to be. But wouldn't that be wonderful? Now, you're going to have to sacrifice. This is the part where it gets a little bit tough. I kind of my flesh want to say I'm sorry, but not my spirit because I know it's what it is. Now, you're going to have to sacrifice and not money. God doesn't need money. Amen. We're not pulling for money here. We're pulling for the spirit of Christ here. How many people wants to see more of Christ here? If you want to see more of Christ, it's because there's more of Christ to be had. And if you want more, there's more. But it's going to take some sacrifice. We're going to have to take up maybe just a little bigger cross. And not just Well, I did it 40 years ago, Brother Barry. I remember it very well. I did it 20 years ago. I did it 10 years ago. I did it last week. It ain't enough. We're supposed to do it daily. Daily. And we know that's exactly what Paul said. I die daily. Didn't he? What was he saying? Exactly what the word said. I am taking up my cross and dying out to myself. I'm going to deny myself. Take up my cross and follow him. And what happens every single time we go down on our knees in the morning and pray? We know we've got to get out the door. We've probably got to feed the dog. We've probably got to maybe get our lunch. We've got to make sure, oh no, the car is low on gas. I got to get gas. I got all these things I've got to do. I don't have time to pray. You don't have no time for nothing else. Prayer is the only thing, brothers and sisters. If you want to see it happen, just just just try it sometime. Just try God. Take him at his word. Prove him at his word. Don't think that it's all about money that he's going to open the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing you can't contain. Remember that he'll open the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing. He'll make every single red light on the way to your meeting turn green, green, green, green, green. He'll make your boss be late. He'll make situations unfold that will make you look like a star. That's the God we serve. Two minutes of sincerity packing that cross could change your life forever. You're going to have to sacrifice, not money. God don't need your money. God don't need our money. Now, some might be saying, "Brother Barry, you know full well he does. That's why we give a tithe." You know what? It's God's money. It's all his money. He owns 100% and he only says you can keep 90, but I want 10 plus offerings. That's not including the offerings. He says here, you're going to have to sacrifice what I I would say this. I love how he says it here. Some of your own ideas. I'll say in many cases, all of your own ideas. I'm not trying to correct a prophet. I'm just trying to expound upon it a little bit just to make us think about this. We're going to have to sacrifice sometimes all of our own ideas if we're going to die out to oursel. You know, we can't take one bit of our old denominational teaching and blend it with this message. And I think that's one of the biggest disservices that happens in the life of believers to think that we can take something from the old and mix it with this new. There ain't nothing that can mix with this message of the hour because this message of the hour is Christ. The only thing that's going to mix with it is his word. That's it. You're going to have to sacrifice not money. You have to sacrifice what? Some of your own ideas. You're going to have to sacrifice some time in prayer. It's going to be a sacrifice, brothers and sisters. But why would we want to do it if it wasn't? Why would we want to sacrifice? Why would we want to take time in prayer if it wasn't a bit of a sacrifice? Would it just be a a religious tradition? I'm going to go and light a a stick of incense and just let that smoke rise and play the M in the background and it will just be the atmosphere in my life. You know, there's people that do that sincerely. They will sacrifice very diligently to do that. And if you ever want to see how sincere people are, go and look at the the restaurant next time you go in it. Any Indian restaurant or any Chinese restaurant or any Vietnamese restaurant, take a look at the front there. There's always a little sacrifice. Always. They don't do it without because they are sincere. They're very interested in packing the cross that they understand. But how much more the sons and daughters of the living God to recognize that we serve a living God. We don't serve a a little brass bigbellied Buddha. We don't serve a fish. We don't serve idols of of wood and stone. We serve a living God. He hears our prayers. And even better yet, he answers them. You're going to have to sacrifice not money. You're going to have to sacrifice your own ideas. You're going to have to sacrifice time in prayer. You're going to have to sacrifice Oh, maybe a stubborn will. Huh? How many of us have a stubborn will? Don't raise your hands. Unless you want to, but I'll put my hand up cuz I know I can be real stubborn. I can be real stubborn. And I know that brother Brandham said just do the opposites if you want to know how to overcome those spirits because they're spirits. Some will call them genetics. I heard something now I'm going to get ignited. Brothers and sisters, if I wasn't excited before, now I'm going to be, you know, I heard a brother say it this week in the Bible study. God is not bound by genetics. He's not bound by history. He's not bound by gossip. He's not bound by anything. Amen. How dare we say that I've got this genetic defect from my dad or from my grandpa. This is God we serve. If we don't want it, we don't have to have it. We're talking about confession this week to someone. And you know, we're no no stronger than our confession, right? Isn't that what the prophet said? We'll never live higher than our confession. So, how dare we say to God, to the devil, both of them are listening. Their ears are open, listening, who's getting talked to. Who are we actually speaking to when we say, "I've got this thing. I've just got this this temper and I just can't get rid of it and it comes from my family." Or, "I've been delivered. I used to have this thing in my life. I'm a son of God. I know that it has no power over me." Which way you going to go? What way you speak is the way you'll behave. And I think it's even more than that. The way that we speak is going to actually give power to the spirit that's affecting us. You're going to have to maybe sacrifice your stubborn will to break down in humility. Sometimes we need that. And you know that was the difference between Cain and Abel. Cain and Abel. There was a big difference there. And the only difference was one was able to interesting. Hey, able to submit to the word of God. How'd he do it? It was through Revelation. My goodness, it's already quarter 2. Can we go till 1:00 today? Boy, I'm not even really started. I just feel inspired today. You're going to have to sacrifice, brothers and sisters, if we're going to pick up a cross and follow him. And and if we're going to do it, we got to do it daily. Amen. What we need to do is break down in humility. And some might say, "Brother Barry, you don't have to do that. I've been saved and and sanctified, justified, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost, and I've never had a tear in my life." Maybe so. But Brother Brandham says that a birth is always messy. Not part-time, not sometimes. It's always messy. And you know what? Uh just reading the message, I I couldn't help it. I study so many quotes and you know, Brother Bradomy talks about it. What we need to do is just have a good oldfashioned revival. We need to know that that altar is still open. If people desire more of God, there's more of God to be had. And not be worried about what other people think. Not be worried about how late it is. I've got a pot roast in the oven. I've got plans. I've got this. I've got that. What if you have no other opportunity to fellowship with God after this moment? We would look back and think, I wasted it. I wasted it. We got to be willing to sacrifice our stubborn will to break down in humility. This is what brother Brandham said. You see, you're going to have the whole Christian move is sacrificial. He that will follow me, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and follow me daily. Is that right? How often? How often do you have to sacrifice? Every day, brother Bradom, he's saying it here. Paul said he died daily. Every day he died. Every day he died. And how did he die? He didn't actually go and have his heart stop and have, you know, the paddles and start his heart again. And we know that. But I think it's important to just talk about a little bit, brothers and sisters. He died out to his own will. We know that Paul, he he was of the stock of Israel, wasn't he? The tribe of Benjamin, a Pharisee of Pharisees, circumcised the eighth day. Everything in his life was absolutely in order according to the law. But we know that he took all of his teachings from Galia, all of his teachings that he was taught, the best of the best university in his day, he took them out into the desert and said, "I count them all as dung. All of my thoughts are useless now because I have been knocked off of my high horse to the ground where I could put my face to the ground and recognize that pillar of fire in my day." And what happened when that happened? He became a new creature. He was able to actually pack this gospel. He became worthy of this gospel. Worthy to manifest a life worthy of this gospel. Man, that's powerful. Looking at the unseen, Brother Brandham, he says this. You're dying. The doctors has give you up. Maybe the world has gi you up. Maybe the church has give you up. I say, Lord, help this church to never give up on anybody. Maybe the church has given you up, but Jesus has never given you up. Whosoever will deny himself and take up his cross and follow me. Deny what you're thinking. Deny your mental conception. Just believe what God's word says is truth and march on. Keep moving. Get sicker. Just keep moving. Just keep going. After a while, you'll break through the barriers and then you'll be free. Then you can see him and then he'll reveal himself to you. Then that son of God who made the promise will be real to you. Do you believe it? Sometimes we can have Christianity in our life and we can feel like we're saved. I think that's probably sanctification, brothers and sisters. We go through justification. when we get to sanctification and we can become stuck there and just not really able to go further. It's like for somebody else we come to church and a duty and everything is good and our life and we believe and yeah yeah yeah but it just never really excites us. There's nothing really there. It's just you know there's more. There's more and if you want it takes effort we've got to be willing to sacrifice. If we are willing to sacrifice, I think this whole entire word can become a new book to us. I just think it's so beautiful talking about that Shoemite woman, how she was able to actually take that cross and bear it. She took that cross and she was able to bear it. Out of God's word calls for a total separation from unbelief. 1964. But when a man is born in the word for a believer, he becomes a Nazarite when he separates himself from anything that's contrary to the word. Anything that's contrary to the word. So I want to say this, brothers and sisters. Now maybe it might be a challenge, but I I really want to say it. I think it's important. If it's not for the word of God, is it for the word of God? I don't know. It could be against the word of God, right? That's challenging. I know it. But this is Satan's Eden. Remember this. This world is Satan's Eden. Some things can be lawful, right? Isn't that what Paul said? All things are lawful. Yeah. But they're not expedient. Are they taking our time away from going on our knees and dying out to ourselves daily? How much do we pray, brothers and sisters? I heard this said a while ago, and I thought it was astounding to me. And I'll tell you what, I heard this at a kids Baptist summer camp, the one I went to this year. I was astounded when I heard this. You know, the church only moves forward on its knees. The church only moves forwards on its knees. So now, let's take it and bring it right down home. Imagine if the church only moved forward on your knees. Is there hope? I say, "Lord, help me." Oh my. But you look at a prayer meeting becomes a Nazerite when he separates himself from anything that's contrary to the world to the word, sorry. Total separation. Jesus said, "I come to separate a man from his wife, tear up a family, and he that won't take up his cross and follow me is not worthy to be called mine." Now, I'm not saying we're saying this so that people can say, "Husband believes one way, wife believes another, now he's come to tear it up." It's not what we're saying. It's not what the word's saying. He's saying that a person ought to follow him wholly and completely. If a husband says no, that doesn't mean that person isn't going to follow him. My a separation from everything, anything from church from church. Boy, the tape people are thriving there. Okay. A separation from everything. Anything from church, from a community, from a belief or from a family or anything that would stand between you and believing the entire word of God. That's taking all of our thoughts, all of our thinking, all of our mind, and just putting it aside and saying, "Be it unto me, Lord, according to your word." If we try and take anything of the old and mix it in with this new, what we're going to do is have a hybrid religion. And you know what brother Brandham said the the in a nutshell version because we're running out of time here is simple. The hybrid condition cannot reproduce. That's why you see churches dying. That's why you see it denominationally and that's why you see it in the message. If you try and mix something with this word, the hybrid condition according to all the laws that God put in place from the very beginning cannot reproduce. So you can have church people and they'll come. Maybe the church people will come and they'll drag their children kicking and screaming and the children will come and they'll go to Sunday school and they'll be a part of it. But they'll see there's no life there. And they'll just be like, I'm going to go and live in this world and be friends with the people that I want to be friends with. There's no point trying to be legalist. Why would I do that? But we've got to be willing to separate ourselves from everything that we think we know and allow him, the teacher. Amen. There's only one teacher when you really want to break it down in the word of God. Some would say, "Brother Barry, there's some very good fine teachers." And sure enough, there is. But we want the teacher, the Holy Ghost himself. And he'll take all the words that those other teachers say and actually make them real. Because without his spirit in us, they're just words. If your soul will not punctuate every promise for this hour with an amen, there's something wrong somewhere. You need a separation. He says, you know, this whole discussion, it just made me think about another story that I was sure about and I I had to go and look it up and was able to find it. And we're we're very familiar with it, I'm sure. And uh it's in Mark chapter 10. Quickly as we begin to close here, I won't keep us till one. I want to be respectful for time, but you know, talking about taking up our cross and following him is more than just going to church. It's more than just being a part of a a believing family and saying that I'm a Johnson or I'm a whatever. It's more than just saying that I do good things. It's actually when we don't want to do those things that it becomes a sacrifice. And you know, brothers and sisters, just I'll I'll say it this way. It's when you don't really want to tithe that it becomes a blessing. That's when it becomes the sacrifice. You know, the sacrifice, brothers and sisters, isn't when everything is all easy and and and free and we just have lots of abundance flowing, whether it's time or money or people or whatever it is, and we just give and it's all good and we do it and there's no issue. You know, there's a blessing with that, but you know, it's not as much of a blessing as when it hurts. It's not as much of a blessing as when it pinches. The blessing really is in the pinch. I've had that on my heart for a long time. It really is in the pinch when we are down to our last two sticks. And God's prophet comes around and says, "If you don't tithe, God can't bless you the way that you're looking for it." That's what he told the Shounomite woman, right? Mark 10 21, we know the story. Maybe we'll go to 17. When he was gone forth into the way, there came one running and kneeling to him and asked him,"Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?" Jesus said unto him, "Why callst thou me good? There's none good, but one, that is God. Thou knowest the commandments, do not commit adultery." Isn't it interesting that Jesus was telling him this? Jesus was discerning this guy here. Thou knowest the commandments. Do not commit adultery. Do not kill. Do not steal. Do not bear false witness. Defraud. Not honor thy father and thy mother. And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth. We we can be good message kids raised in the message. And we would have the same answer to Jesus right here. But there comes a point in time where we hear these words from Jesus. Then Jesus beholding him loved him. He didn't hate him. He loved him and said unto him, "One thing thou lackest. Go thy way and sell whatever thou hast and give to the poor that thou shalt have treasure in heaven and come take up the cross and follow me." Why did he tell him that? Because he knew that was his hindrance. He wasn't able to separate himself from that. And you know what? The the word of God says it. The love of money is the root of all evil. And if we're not careful, it will consume us. But I would say this could apply to any area of our life. If we're not willing to actually separate ourselves from it to the place where we give the preeminence to God, we could put whatever we want in here, not just money. But he told them, just go and sell whatever you have and give it to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. And come take up the cross and follow me. And imagine this story. These are the words of Jesus, the word made flesh, God in flesh talking to him, the judge, the attorney, the all and all telling him, "If you just get rid of this earthly hindrance, you'll have treasure in heaven." Why? 22 says, "He went and as and he was sad at the saying, and went away grieved, for he had great possessions." And Jesus looked round about and saith to his disciples, "How hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of God?" And the disciples were astonished at his words. But Jesus answerth again, and saith unto them, children, how hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God? It's easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God. That is a very difficult statement. That is a very difficult thing. That's not to say that God does not have very wealthy people. But the very wealthy people, the secret to their success is they put God first. Amen. They're willing to take the time to make that sacrifice to die out to themselves daily. They understand that the pinch is where the blessing is. It's not when it just feels good or when I can afford it. We need to take up our cross, brothers and sisters. And I think it's amazing because we can say take up the cross and the word says take up his cross. the the scriptures that I really got inspired with. Jesus says to them, "Let him take up his cross and follow me. Die daily." That's, you know, the scripture that we read this morning. Let him take up his cross. And and Jesus says to the the rich young ruler here, "Take up the cross. Take up the word. Take up the Jesus a and and follow me. Be willing to follow my word." Because that's what he was saying to him. Follow my word and you'll have riches in heaven. And it's the same promise for each and every one of us, isn't it? If we're willing to take him at his word, we're going to have riches in heaven. The word of God says to lay up treasure in heaven that can't rust. Moths can't get in. There's no corruption. It's an inheritance reserved in heaven just for us, isn't it? We're mixing up the scriptures there. I know that in a power of transformation 1965, brother Random, he says, "Let the Holy Spirit come upon any person that's truly got something down there." A healing comes from the inside. Let that healing come from the spirit that's in you. If it's a genuine spirit anointing, the genuine seed, it can't do nothing but bear a son or daughter of God. But the genuine spirit can come upon a cockleber seed. The rain can fall upon a cockleber and it will make it live just the same as it falls upon a wheat and makes it leave live. But by their fruits you know them. See, we're a fruit tree of God bearing his word. Remember we said in the past those fruits aren't even for us, are they? For the people that see us and interact with us. Do they come up and see the fruit that's pickked and and and it's bitter? It's bitter and it's angry and it's impatient. It's got all these different attributes. That's not the fruit of the spirit. The fruit of the spirit is sweet, isn't it? And it smells good and it's got patience and it's got kindness and it's got joy. The fruit of the spirit is that what's in our life, brothers and sisters? Jesus said, "Let a man deny himself and follow me. Let him deny his education. Let him deny his knowledge, deny his degrees, take up his cross and follow me." Amen. And I couldn't help but but think about this. I'm going to probably call the musicians. I just want to say this, brothers and sisters. I'm not even going to get into that part. I'm going to save that part. That's that's a new part. What's your cross today? What's your cross today? I've talked about this in the past many times. I've I've lamented at my cross the things that I bear, the problems that I feel, that I perceive, that I have that maybe God I feel like hasn't delivered me from. Brother Brandham, he prayed and cried out until the very end of his ministry, 1965, on the wings of a snow white dove, he was given the testimony it took until then for him to receive the healing of the gastrointestinal problem he had in his life. On the wings of a snow white dove, he explains it graphically. if you want to go listen to it. We know it was a spiritual affliction, but God allowed that thorn in his flesh just like Paul for a reason, didn't he? So that he wouldn't be puffed up beyond measure according to the amount of revelation he was given. Kept him humble. God will allow thorns or crosses in our lives that we need to bear. Are we willing to pick them up and bear them? I want to try and encourage us today, brothers and sisters. If you got a cross today, you've got the strength to bear it. He would not give that cross to you if you didn't have the strength to haul it. He didn't say the cross wouldn't be heavy, did he? But he said you'd be able to bear it. His word says that he'll never give us more than we can bear. And there ain't nothing that happens that he doesn't first know about. There's no devil that can come around and trip us up with a banana peel in our path and he's surprised, God's surprised. Everybody's surprised. Suddenly this person's all messed up. No, no. It only happens because God allows it first. And that is so that he can see his character come out of us. We know that his character, that gold that we should buy of him, that's been tried in the fire, it's the fire of fiery afflictions, the fire in the valleys of of the struggles that we go through. But I I have cried many times about the cross that I've got to bear. Why do I got it? He delivered me from this and this and this and this and this, but this other thing, I still am dragging it around. Why? So that I can follow my face daily and say to him, Lord, thank you. Let me die to myself. Let me deny myself today, Lord, so that you could live. I promise you, brothers and sisters, if you haven't practiced that, then try it. If you have practiced it, keep doing it and watch him succeed in your life. He will change that meeting. He'll change the traffic. He'll change the circumstances to go so incredibly well to your favor, you won't believe it. Amen. And I know what I know full well the ones that said, "Amen." They know that. They've experienced it. That's the way it works. Put him first in every single thing in our lives, brothers and sisters, and he will bless you. Maybe stand with me as we close today. What's your cross today, brothers and sisters? Out of the Amplified Bible in Luke 9 23, and he said to all, if any person wills to come after me, let him deny himself, disown himself, forget, lose sight of himself and his own interests. refused to give up himself and take up his cross daily and follow me. Cleave steadfastly to me. Conform wholly to my example in living and if need be dying also. Take up your cross, brothers and sisters, and follow him. Let's just bow in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your word today. Thank you Lord Jesus that you have given us the example in the Bible to take up our cross Lord. Every one of us has a cross Lord Jesus. Some of us have illness in our bodies Lord. Some of us have illness in our minds Lord. Some of us have marriage troubles Lord. Some of us have children troubles Lord. Some of us have financial troubles Lord. Some of us have spiritual problems Father. But every single one of us, you gave us this opportunity to say amen to your word. Oh father and lord when we ever just submit ourselves or when we humble ourselves to you father and we push aside that pride and say be it unto me according to your word according to your will then father we know that you come around and you help us bear that cross Lord you never leave us or forsake us. You give us the strength that we need. Father this morning my heart's desire is that anybody that needs strength this morning could come unto you, Father. that they could just push aside all of the pride, all of the cares of this life, who cares what anybody thinks, and just surrender unto you, Father, once again, just give you the preeminence that you desire, maybe for the first time in their life. Oh father, maybe just for a renewal of of your relationship with them, Father, whatever it is, Lord, help us to pick up the cross, Lord Jesus, not to get weary and welloing, but realize, Father, there is a work to be done. And you will give us the strength that we need, Father. Oh Lord Jesus, we love you and we thank you. We pray that you would be with those who are away today, Father, wherever they are, whatever they're doing. Father, give them strength and bring them back home safely again at the appointed time. We ask Lord, we love you and we thank you, Father. We just ask now that you'd be glorified in a couple of songs before we dismiss. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song, Take Up Your Cross. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross each and every day. [Music] Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Count up the cross. Take up the cross and follow him. Just deny yourself. Take up the cross and follow Jesus. Take up the cross. each and every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you love [Music] me. Take up your cross and follow him. Take up your cross. Take up the cross and follow Jesus. [Music] Say that. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it. The name of the Lord. The name of the Lord. [Music] A strong power. righteous. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh, name of the [Music] Lord power the [Music] [Applause] [Music] righteous. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] The name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the [Music] Lord. Amen. Can we sing Winds of Faith? Winds of faith. There's two roads that you can take. [Music] There are two roads you may take. There's one by side, one by the word of God. Oh, what you [Music] see what you [Music] is to the wings of you can fly in the Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I send your wings to the wings of your watch your cross your [Music] Just speak it. [Music] [Music] will you just set your [Music] way to the wind [Music] of heat. [Music] It's my [Music] gra to the wings of just Watch me go in the [Music] [Applause] sky. Oh, heat, heat. [Applause] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] by [Music] grace to the wings of Can we sing the Father's hand as we dismiss today bless you each one this Beautiful Lord, my wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all of my days are held in your hands, wounded into your perfect. [Applause] [Music] You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your [Music] eyes. I got [Music] you. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Take [Music] me. Walk inside me. I give my life to the father's hand. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] What's up? [Music] Yeah. Hey. Good. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
