################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - 2025-06-22 - Bro. Barry - Inalienable Right - Inalienable Right.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    2025-06-22 - Bro. Barry - Inalienable Right
Speaker:  Inalienable Right
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiRvo1qMlB8
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson
Sunday, June 22nd 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. [Music] God bless you. Welcome again. visitors and friends, locals, all of you touch just a real blessing to you this morning and you'll be a blessing to us just by your presence. We appreciate you coming out. It's nice to be with you as well each one of you and the Lord just be your worship this morning. Let's start with singing therefore the redeemed. Here we are this morning. A great declaration of who we are. Let's sing it this morning. Therefore the redeemed of the Lord shall return and come with singing unto Zion and everlasting joy shall be upon their head. [Music] Therefore the redeemed of the Lord shall rejoice and come with singing unto Zion and everlasting joy shall be upon their head. Oh they shall obtain [Applause] gladness and joy. Oh, and sorrow and mourning shall be away. Therefore, the redeemed of the Lord shall return and come with singing a tears and everlasting joy to be upon me. I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Oh, you're the great I am. You're that bra. I come for and my king. Oh Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with spirit. My purpose is to worship you alone. Oh Lord, open up my soul to worship and adore to be a fragrance offered to your throne. Stand with one. Oh Lord, I lift your name. You're holy. Oh my god. Hello. Oh, you're the great I am. You're that my and my king of majesty. and to worship his majesty [Music] to Jesus for be all glory, honor and praise. Oh majesty, oh king of glory, [Applause] [Music] glor [Music] to his own is the praise be [Music] Oh, [Music] lift up on high and name of Jesus. Oh magnify the glory Christ Jesus our king. Oh majesty. Oh just worship his majesty. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh Jesus who died now glorify [Music] our king. to come pray for us to come. Bless you. [Music] Lord, we [Music] want to thank you, Lord, for waking another obey and to be able to gather together here, Lord, and to worship you in one accord. Lord, we think of the world this day, Lord, that's rising and often in fear, Lord, of all the things that are happening around the world. But we give you thanks, Lord Jesus, for the rest that you've given your children, Lord. It is so good, Lord. We thank you for your word. Yes, God. And so this morning, Lord, we would like to invite you to as you always come where you're invited, Lord, thank you to be with this service, Lord, and to bring into our remembrance, Lord, the words that you spoke through your prophet that we may believe and act upon it, Lord, to be those Christians, Lord, that you'd wish us to Yes, Jesus. So, we thank you once again, Lord, for your many blessings and just ask that you'd give each one of us what we have need of, Lord. So, we ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, my brother. Thank you, brother Larry. Maybe shake someone's hand as you're seated this morning. Amen. Good to be part of the bride of the Lord Jesus, Christians of likeminded, brothers and sisters. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. As brother Larry prayed this morning, you look around the world and this song came to my mind. How could you not think about the rapture when everything is around us? It's sinking sand. But on Christ, the solid rock we stand this morning. I'm thinking of the rapture. Sing it with me this morning. Well, I am thinking of the rapture out. Blessed home on high with [Music] gathering in the rays of heavenly city in the sky with the redee are gathering. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] and sing. [Music] Oh, there will be a great procession over those streets of gold when we are gathering. All music What I see will be [Music] [Music] Oh sh and see [Music] are singious [Music] with their voices and When the redee [Music] will listen for that song with redeem. [Music] [Applause] My [Music] [Music] sing. [Music] Oh yes. The singers to bring that redee. [Music] Would you like to hear this and my heart? [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] And now see [Music] our gall and one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I so I can see I'm one of them. There are people everywhere whose hearts are all [Applause] things. It is worth my heart to his name. I'm so glad I can say I want [Applause] [Music] Oh. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I want to. Holy people [Music] nor boapt [Music] in Jesus name and our so I can say Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm Oh, come my brother. Sing this blessing that will cleanse your heart once. It will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul flame. It is worth my heart. Glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of I. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm [Music] [Music] so glad that I can say I want [Music] [Applause] and if we're one of them, don't we sing this Well, I'm kind of hores. I'm kind of hor [Music] country to which I've never been before. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken for time [Music] of [Music] I'm longing for and someday [Applause] one day I'll stand where my heart shall eternal you [Music] sweet [Music] I'm looking at across that river to where my P [Music] will live inside. Oh, there's just a few more days to leave. [Music] And I will take [Music] my life. [Music] Oh, [Music] and someday [Music] I'll stand away my shall be eternal [Music] Sweet. [Music] Sing that chorus one more time as the deacons come. Hope you [Music] I'm longing for you. And someday [Music] I'll stand where my heart shall be [Music] [Applause] [Music] God bless your saints. Are you one of them this morning? Glory to God. You know that woman of Memphis when she recognized her position, he went to God and insisted that God fulfills his part. So, if you've recognized your position this morning, it's time. Praise the name of the Lord. Um, I'm not sure how many people received um an email about a brother Pavl in Russia and well, he was arrested and was going to be tried for distributing message books because that is banned in some of those places. And there was a a prayer uh request sent out. People were praying and I think by the end of day yesterday things were okay. The brother had been redeem reveed. [Music] So we praise the Lord for that. Now other announcements. Um there's communion at 5:30 this evening. So um those of you can make it. Um, it's a glorious time in the presence of the Lord. It's another way to fulfill his word for us. Um, next week, June 29th, is the potlock at Johnson's. So, just have it on your calendar. July 6th, Brother Roshan Marsh will be here. And then, uh, Wednesday, July 9th, Brother Dele Adeladon will also be here. So, just have this on your uh, calendar. All right, let's bow down before him. Our precious Lord and Master, our Savior and King. Amen. We always come before you with thanksgiving in our hearts. We come before you with praises on our lips. We come before you with thoughts of your majesty, your power, your love in our hearts. And when we come, we can't help but express ourselves in your presence. Amen. Just to know and recognize that we are one of them. One of you chosen, one of you redeemed, one of those called and and spoken into existence in this end time to manifest your word to fulfill your purpose. Oh Lord, what a privilege. What an honor. Oh Lord, help us, oh Lord, never ever to take this for granted. Oh Lord, we are here, oh Lord, at your pleasure. Father, we are here to do your will. We are here to fulfill your purpose. Oh God, help us, Lord. Strengthen us, oh Lord. Encourage us, oh Lord. direct us, oh Lord. Give us discernment on things that are happening around us, oh God, and enough interest, Lord, that will sustain the the the the attention, oh Lord, of your bride. Lord, we love you, dear Lord, but there are enormous distractions, oh Lord. Help us to keep us focused. Oh Lord, we adore you, precious. And that's why we are gathered this morning just to tell the world and the devil where we stand, Lord. Amen. Our stand is already made. So Lord have your way in our lives. Oh Lord, we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, thanking you for the testimony of our brother Pavl. Oh Lord, may you continue to be with him and all the people who are with him. Oh Lord, may you continue to strengthen and encourage him. Oh Lord, may you continue to bless a merciful Savior that let your world prevail in that part of Russia. Oh Lord, now Father, we've gathered in your presence. We pray that you bless the remainder of the service, the singing of the songs, the preaching of the word, the receiving the word, oh Lord, honoring just the sanctity of the sanctuary, Lord. Every aspect of what needs doing, Father, help us to do it, oh Lord, because we are the people. We've recognized our role. We have recognized our position. We are stepping into it, oh Lord. Father, encourage and strengthen us, Father. Bless the tithe and offerings that are coming your way, oh Lord, and help it to be used for your purpose. We love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Sorry. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh, his royal blood now flows through my face. And I who was treacherous and poor now can see. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of the king. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh, your love. Oh, now through my was and I can sing. Oh, praise God. Praise God. I'm a child. seats this morning, but the Mario didn't see him this morning. Mario special. [Music] Okay, I'm sorry. Bless you, brother. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Well, um, this song talk to me this morning. Amen. Okay. Sometime we ask God something and then it appears that he doesn't come at the time that we want him to come. And then when he showed up, that's when we realized that he was on time. So I hope that a blessing that's that's will be that will be a blessing for you. And I have one question for you may perhaps too. Have you ever say have you ever said something that you said you would never say? Or have you ever done something that you say you would never done? So that's my testimony. Maybe one day I'll dive deeper into it. But uh maybe that's me only. It's a song you know probably have heard of it before. The news came to Jesus. Please come fast. Lazarus is sick and without your help, he will not last. Mary and Martha. Watch the brother die. They waited for Jesus. He did not come. And they wondered why they did watch was over. [Music] Buried for days. Somebody says he'll soon be here. The Lord's on his way. M I run to him. And then she cried, [Music] "Lord, if you had been there, you could have healed him. He'd still be alive. [Music] But you're 4 days late. [Music] And all hope is gone. Hallelujah. Lord, we don't understand why you waited so long. [Music] But his way is God's way, [Music] not yours or mine. [Music] And isn't it great when he's 4 days late? He's still on time. [Music] Jesus said, "Martha, come show me the grave." But she said, "Lord, you don't understand. It's been there for days." The grave, the gravestone were was rolled back and Jesus cried. Lazarus come forth and somebody said he's alive. He's alive. You may be fighting [Music] a battle of fear. And you cry to the Lord, I need you now, but he does not appear. Friends, don't be discouraged [Music] cuz he's still the same. He'll soul come in here and roll back the sto and call out your name. But he's for a slave [Music] and all hope is gone. [Music] Lord, we don't understand why you waited so long. But his way is God's way. [Music] Not yours, oh mine. And isn't it great when his fault is laid, his own time? And isn't it great when his foot is late, he still on time? [Music] [Applause] Great message by my brother very much. God bless you. Stand with me if you would as we call our pastor this morning. He's always on time. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. As we all have figured out in our Christian life, it's not about our time, but his. And he knows who's best. He knows what time is best to answer. We thank the Lord for his faithfulness. We sing this song this morning. Thy loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise. Is there pastors? Thy loving kindness is better than life. I love my is better than I. Oh my sh I will bless thee. Oh I will lift up my hands unto thy name. Everyone now I lift my hands Lord unto you thy name. I lift my hands Lord unto you. Oh my sh [Music] I [Music] will lift up my hands to my name. Just reach out and touch the Lord as he passes. [Music] Christ [Music] to surach [Music] [Music] out and Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] is not too [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. A blessing this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord. If you have a need to that you need to have answered, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, one more time, we're so thankful that we can gather together in your presence. We know that according to your word that you're already here, Lord. And we're so thankful that you're not just passing by, but Lord, we can't help but think about how we need to cry out unto you. You have given us that mode of communication. You have given us instruction, Lord, that we ought to speak the word, that we should cry out unto you, Father. Amen. Hallelujah. And Lord, this morning we do. We're so thankful for the many many manifold blessings you have given us and provided for us, Lord. Lord, and even now, Father, to be able to be here in this moment. Yes. Amen. As our brother prayed, as this world is falling apart all around us, Lord, the shifting sands of change. Father, we're so thankful that your word that you never change. Even as human beings, we change. Even as a church, it changes. Oh, Father, but you never change. Your word remains. And we thank you for that, Lord. This morning, we just want to commit the needs made known unto you today by the way of an uplift hand, Father. Maybe even just an uplift heart. Lord, yes, Lord. You know our needs. You know our hearts, Father. We just want to commit the needs unto you, Father. We're so thankful that we know that you're a living God. We don't wonder Lord Jesus now as we turn to you Father as we turn to your word we just invite you father to have the preeminence Lord one more time take control of the service father one more time minister the words of life to us father amen as we sat down with you I can't help but think about how once upon a time you had people with you on the mount and you just told them to sit down and listen and you began to express unto them what we call the biatitudes. Father, one more time while we sit down, Lord, help us to listen. Help us to have ears to hear what your spirit says unto the church today. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just commit all things into your hands. Now, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Thank you musicians. Certainly uh excited to be here today. You'll turn with me in your Bibles to the book of St. John chapter 8. St. John, chapter 8. We'll start reading with verse 31. and we'll go down to 36. St. John 8:31 Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, "If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed and ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free." They answered him, "We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man. How sayest thou, ye shall be made free?" Jesus answered them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is the servant of sin." Now, remember, sin truly is unbelief. Amen. We have attributes of unbelief. Smoking, drinking, carousing, rock and roll, movies, whatever it is, there's attributes of sin, but truly it's unbelief. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is the servant of sin. And the servant abideth not in the house forever, but the son abideth ever." If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed. Let's just bow in prayer one more time. Heavenly Father, as we read this scripture, I do believe the heart of your children just simply says, "Amen." If you say it, Lord Jesus, we believe it and that settles it. And father, I pray that by the end of this service that somehow someway something would be said, Father, that would just establish this Lord, that it would settle it, Father, in our hearts that Lord, if you have made us free and you have told us that you have made us free, then we truly are free indeed. Lord Jesus, we just bless your name. We ask that you would bless the words that are spoken now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. Certainly thankful to be here gathered together one more time in his name. And uh we just have a couple of notable mentions here today. Uh certainly like to welcome our visitors. Each one I don't know all of the visitors here, but I certainly am thankful that you're here and I trust the Lord adds a a real blessing to your visit today. But uh we have some gold in our midst. Amen. And uh I just would like to welcome warmly welcome sister Gold Kletchi. That's brother Paul Kletchi's wife. She's here from Nigeria. God bless you sister. Amen. We had a little opportunity to fellowship the other night and just to get acquainted. It sure was nice to to meet her and you know it's wonderful to hear that someone has become married and and had a marriage, a wedding in a foreign land and to hear about it and to ask how how's your wife after they come back and and how is your husband after they've come back and you know to finally get acquainted to see the actual person. It's a real blessing. So, God richly bless you. And uh and brother Paul, we also have an honorable mention here today, brother Tristan Mango. We have not seen him for a very long time and his family. God bless you, brother. [Applause] And uh of course our friends, our buddies, the Halversons. God bless you. Amen. Always a pleasure to have you here. And anyone else that is here that's a visitor that I I haven't mentioned, forgive me. I maybe don't know your name, but we certainly welcome you here in our our midst as well. We're certainly thankful to be gathered together one more time in his name. And uh I I just I got inspired this week as I was working. I was working with my hands. And sometimes it's real good just to get out and uh actually get active and get sweaty and just stretch a little bit. It's very important and uh I've been trying to express that to the boys. You know, it's good if you actually work uh in a trade for a living, but if you ever get injured in that trade, then you can be uh inhibited. It can really hold you back. But if you get some education where you have a degree in your life, then you don't actually have to use physical uh strength for your job. And when the time comes for evenings and weekends, you'll have still all of your strength that you can use to do the things that you love to do. So, it's kind of an interesting perspective. And uh I think if I ever did it all over again, I would probably go back to school and get a degree in something. But, you know, uh everything works together for the good to those who love the Lord and who are called according to his purpose. And I don't regret um a whole lot in my life. There's a few things that I do, but I'm certainly thankful to be able to be in the position that I'm in, but this week I I did get I did get an inspiration. And you know, sometimes it's just a simple simple thing. And when that word drops into your heart, I know enough now to just follow it. And I trust all of us are on the same page with that. We we know when the Lord speaks, we know his voice and we're willing to follow it. And you know, I was just working away and uh I just had this these two words drop into my heart and that is inalienable right and and it's such a strange thing are inalienable right? I I I was like man I know that we've talked about that but what is that? So I had to go and study it. You know, at the time it dropped into my heart. I was saw in hand and I had, you know, screw gun and screws. I was busy cutting wood and sawdust and sweat. But this word, these words just came to me. Inaliable rights. I thought, man, so I I I I just thought, you know, we'll just trust the Lord and walk forwards with this. And uh here we are today. And and it seems kind of strange. I know the scripture that we we got into in John chapter 8, but I trust the Lord is uh in in in control and and leading us here. So hopefully by the end of this, even in my mind, it sounds kind of confused, but uh somehow someway, I'm sure that he will tie this all together. So what is inaliable? We know what rights are. Rights. Rights are what we have. They're they're ours. They're our possession. We have the right for many different things in our lives. Um what is our right? It's not the difference between right and wrong. It's actually our possession is our rights. We we are entitled to a certain thing. That is our right. We're entitled to worship in freedom. We have the right to worship. We have the right to drive cars. We have the right for women to vote in our our country here. That that's just the way it is. We have rights. Uh, but what is the inaliable right is really what I wanted to get into. And uh, I don't think you hear much about that in the world. And so I looked it up and it's in the church age book, the exposition of the seven church ages. But what is inalienable? What does that mean? And and this is just so perfect. It's unable to be taken away. Inaliable is unable to be taken away from or given away by the possessor. So if we have an aliable inalienable right, we can't even give it away. And here we have a prophet messenger to this age saying that we have an inaliable right. I hope I'm saying that right every time. Inaliable there. So now every time I slur it, you'll understand the word inaliable. There's a few syllables in there. Wow. But what is our inaliable, right? I think it's so beautiful how how you know I I I guess the scripture is simple. Verse 36 of uh St. John chapter 8. If the son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed. Period. That's our inaliable right. We are not bound by this world. We're not bound by man's ideas or thinking. We're not bound by nickelan spirit. We're not bound by churchianity. We're not bound by any of this. I think it's just amazing how the scripture is written here. You know, in verse 33, they answered Jesus. They answered him in St. John chapter 8, they answered him, we be Abraham's seed and were never in bondage to any man. And I've heard people say that I've been raised in the message, Brother Barry. I've never ever had any error in my life. And I have to say, wow. Because we're all born in sin. We're all shaped in iniquity. And we all come into this world speaking lies. And every single one of us has to have a time where we come to know that the Lord Jesus Christ didn't come for mom and dad's religion. Didn't come for the church's religion. Jesus Christ came and died specifically for me being raised in the message. Amen. And when that happens, something happens. We we can become a new creature in Christ Jesus. But here they have the the answer to him after he told them, "Hey, you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. It's not going to be your religion that will make you free. It's not going to be the fig leaves that will make you free. It will be the truth." And what is the truth? I think it's so beautiful. We know that Pilate, we talked about this a little while ago. He had the truth standing right in front of him, the word made flesh. And he said, "What is truth?" How many of us can have the truth standing right in front of us and think that we know what truth is? But still, in a world of shifting sands, maybe even be confused about what truth is. But they answered him, "We be Abraham's seed and were never in bondage to any man. How sayest thou, ye shall be made free? Taking it and making it a total carnal scenario. We've never been in bondage to any man. These are the people that were delivered. The children of Israel, their great great great great how many greatgrandparents were in bondage in in Egypt, but not these guys. These guys were living in the promised land. They were free. But yet Jesus was telling them, "You're not free." And they knew it. Otherwise, why would they have said that? But Jesus answered and said to them, "Truly, truly, I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is the servant of sin." And and really, he's telling them, "If you don't believe me, believe the works that I do." Because they testify of me. They testify of who I am and where I come from. Because who else has ever done these things? Jesus answered them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is the servant of sin. And the servant abideth not in the house forever, but the Son abideth forever." Amen. If the Son therefore shall make you free, you shall be free indeed. Amen. So really, we need to get into the sun. We need to get into Jesus Christ. Yes. Amen. because that is where we will abide forever. Thank you, Lord. But how sayest thou? How sayest thou? Who do you say you are? Is really what they're saying to him. Who do you think you are? You're making yourself God. And we know that as he had these discussions, you can read just a little further. They picked up stones to stone him because he told them exactly who they were. Just like Cain and Abel. Abel told his brother likely, we don't know for sure. You can only surmise this. Once upon a time, Abel said, "You know what? You know who your dad is? Your dad is not my dad. Your dad is different than my dad." And he didn't like that. So what did he do? He slew him because he was of another dad. But Jesus standing here now, the word made flesh, the one who is here to set them free, tells them the same thing. And what did they do? Immediately picked up stone, said, "Who are you? How how dare you try and tell us anything about who we are. You're not even a legitimately born child. They tried to completely Amen. destroy his character. Right. But I want to talk about our inaliable right today. Inal inalienabable. Inaliable. I keep saying inaliable. Inalienabable. Inalienabable. Right. What the church had at Pentecost is her an alien abolite. This is out of the exposition of the seven church ages out of the Ephesian church age. What the church had at Pentecost is her inalienable right. So the Pentecostal experience, brothers and sisters, is our inalienable right. Originally, she had the pure word of God. She had the power of the spirit manifested in diverse signs and wonders and gifts of the Holy Ghost. So, just as a a snippet, just to get us started today, just to prime the pump, to get things going, what the church had at Pentecost is her in alienable, right? So, what did the church have at Pentecost? This is where I think we're going to get into some fun stuff. Get into some really good stuff. We can see what happened. Let's turn over to the book of Acts. just for the sake of discussion. We still have loads of time. So, let's enjoy. We have another testimony that uh was given to the church, but I'm going to read it tonight and I'll just put it in a nutshell just in celebration for the Nim. I always get the name wrong. Sister Becky and brother Joshua. She has a testimony for the uh the degree that she's been working on and uh I would like to know the degree uh what it is. I'll ask after service, but we have a testimony that we'd like to bring for that and the Lord has really blessed her and she would like to give a testimony for that and she has asked if we would actually read that. So tonight I will in our testimony service. So God bless you, Sister Becky, and we certainly thankful for the Lord's touch in your life. you know, uh, talking about this inalienable right, I would say that's one of them. Whatever it is that we put our hand to, and if we're willing to do it heartily according to the word of God, our inalienable right is that he will bless us. As long as we put him first, his word says that if you seek first the kingdom of God, Amen. If you put him first, Amen. then he will direct our paths. Thank you. Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and all the other things he'll add unto you. But if you seek the kingdom of God second and third, it's going to be pretty difficult for him to actually allow the inalienable right to manifest in our lives the way that we would like to see it. It's not going to change the fact that maybe we have salvation. that when that day comes a and perhaps we have to stand before that white throne of judgment, we still will have the ability to actually go on and and maybe hear, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant, enter into the joys of the Lord." But I don't think that's our desire here today. Our desire here today is to see a people ready for the coming of the Lord. And and I'm going to go so far as to say maybe even a little bit be a little bit brazen and bold to say not the coming of the Lord but the going of the Lord because I believe with all my heart that's already happened. And there's a lot of people that would maybe argue and say, "Brother Barry, that's not the case." But you know, we we've said it many times, he's not going to come and walk on the earth until Revelations 19, till Revelations chapter 19 takes place. He's only going to come and meet us in the clouds. We're going to leave this earth and go and meet him in the clouds. And we who are alive and remain will not hinder those who are asleep. They're going to go first, but we're going to come second. It's going to be a wonderful time. And that is really what we're looking for. That's what we're preaching towards. That is our just like Sister Becky, that's our degree. That's what we're working for. We want to get an A+ on that exam. And we're only going to know it when that time comes. But I think that we can know it while we're here as well. Thank you. But the true result will be when that time comes. I think it's just a amazing thing here. Um bear with me for one second. Out of the exposition of the seven church ages, you know, I like to look at uh the quote when we bring a quote, not just take a a few words one way and say, you know, this kind of fits the thought that I've got and and we'll just run with that. But I like to kind of go backwards and forwards and make sure that this is exactly the way that I'm I'm sort of interpreting this. And and the Lord is just so wonderful how he does this. In the exposition of the seven church ages in the Ephesian church age, did I send Oh my goodness. I do apologize. I I do this all the time and it's it's terrible. It's not right. Bear with me for a second here. In the exposition of the seven church hes, brother Brandham, he says, "Now we know exactly from the word which was recorded by the Holy Spirit how the first or original church was founded and how God manifested himself in her." Now I was uh I was listening to the last messages of 1964 and brother Bradom he talks very clearly. I'm not going to bring any quotes today from that. I'll probably get into it later. Seems to be the way it goes. But brother Bradom talks about the word becoming flesh and the flesh becoming word in 1964 in a very strong direct way at the especially at the end. But you know, brother Bradam here, he says, "Now we know exactly from the word which was recorded by the Holy Spirit, how the first or original church was founded and how God manifested himself in her." Now remember what the church had at Pentecost is her inalienable right. Here we go. The word can't be changed or be changed because the word is God. And that's exactly what brother Brandham says when he says that they will never denominate this. This message will never be denominated. This message that will never be denominated is the word and it's Christ. And there's no way that you can denominate that. In the beginning, John 1:1, in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. To change one word of it, as did Eve, brings sin and death. So if we don't listen to the words of the vindicated prophet and do some anything different than what the prophet said, do then it brings sin and death. Because a prophet isn't going to say anything other than the word of God. If he does say anything other than the word of God, he's not a prophet of God. He's a false prophet. But if he does say exactly the word of God, and he is truly a prophet sent from God, then we ought to take earnest heed and actually give ourselves over to every single word that he said. If we don't, it brings sin and death. Even as it says in Revelations 22:18 and 19, if any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book. No, nobody would want to actually have their part taken out of there. So, I just want to encourage us to not think that we can actually manipulate the word of God in any way and expect to see the blessing of God. We've got to take it the way that he's given it to us, accept it the way that he's given it to us, and trust that that is best for us. Amen. Thus, what the church was at Pentecost is the standard. Yes. What the church was at Pentecost is the standard. That is the pattern. There's no other pattern. I love it. Let's turn to Acts chapter 2 and find out what is that pattern. Amen. I think we've already turned there. I trust we have. Acts chapter 2 verse one. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. Amen. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance. And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men of every nation under heaven. Now when this was noised abroad, the multitude came together and were confounded because that every man heard them speak in his own language. And they were all amazed and marveled, saying one to another, "Behold, are not all these which speak Galileans? How do they know our language?" Because we know for the most part these disciples were ignorant and unlearned individuals. God chose them that way on purpose. But when you talk about the ina inalienable right, it's not Pentecost as a Pentecostal um denomination. We're not talking about that because brother Bradom said it very clearly that they actually got it wrong. Right? And how did they get it wrong? They put a period behind them saying when you speak in tonesues then you know you've got the Holy Ghost. That is the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost because you speak in tonesues. And many times what happens is that gets magnified or amplified in terms of the behavior in the church and the people in the church. And what you experience is glossalia. And we talked about that in the exposition of the seven church age study where people will just be talking. Maybe they'll be preaching. Maybe they'll be excited or sad and suddenly they'll just bust into a different tongue, an unknown tongue. And you know what happens is with glosselia, there's no interpretation of it. It's confusion. It is not according to the word of God. And you can see in the book of Acts right here what they're talking about. The word says very clearly that the men who were all around from abroad, they were from different parts. they were able to understand what was being said. So to think that you can speak in an unknown language and not have an interpretation is completely contrary to the word of God. Amen. If there's an interpretation and it's in order, we know the church has already been set in order. We're not going back to do that. What we want to do is actually get over on the launch pad because we know that this is the astronaut age. We're not looking to get comfortable down here, brothers and sisters. We know that the the world is falling apart all around us. Now the United States of America is waiting for a response from Tran. Iran from Tehran the capital of Iran. And you know what that means? Anything could happen. I would say the countdown is on. But brother Brandham said it very clearly or God said through brother Brandham that before any one of those bombs can go off, look up because your redemption is here. Brothers and sisters, it's never been closer for a real full-blown World War III to take place. I'm not trying to scare us. I'm trying to encourage us to say this is it, man. We're here. It's never been this far down the road. But the only way we're going to go in that rapture, we always come back to this, and I know maybe some people cringe at it. Maybe it's cringeworthy for some people. But if it's cringeworthy for some people for me to talk about the Holy Ghost, I want to ask you, do you really have the Holy Ghost? How could it be cringeworthy? It's the only thing for the church. The Holy Ghost is our inalienable. All right. Jesus Christ himself. outside of him. We're going to stay here and experience the temperature change, the climate change of nuclear bombs going off. That's right. People talk about climate change and will go and and beat drums about climate change. They have no idea what kind of climate change is just on the horizon. When this bride goes up, all hell is coming down. But I want to encourage us brothers and sisters to remember we have inalienable rights as believers of this word. We are not in a situation where we're just hoping so where we're just going to try this and see if it'll work. If there's something that will happen in our life. This is the truth. This is what will make us free. Many times it said that the truth will actually set us free and it will indeed set us free. But the word says that it will make us free. We will not be bound by the traditions of man. We will not be bound by the traditions of family. We will not be bound by the traditions of church. We will only be bound by the inalienable right of this gospel of Jesus Christ. He says, "Thus what the church was at Pentecost is the standard." That is the pattern. So if we have any church teaching that we should be doing anything else, it's false. We know the prophet said Mark 16, not just Mark 16, but Mark 16, what in action is the true church and all else is false. Amen. Hallelujah. So, I want to encourage us, brothers and sisters, don't get nervous when we start talking about the supernatural and we start talking about the gifts of the spirit. When we talk about the Holy Spirit, if it makes you uncomfortable, I want to say it's time to get into Christ. It's time to get the Holy Spirit. Because once you've got the Holy Spirit, it doesn't make you uncomfortable. It makes you say, "Amen. Glory to God. I'm so glad that I got it. I'm so glad that I know that I'm going to go when that rapture happens." remember brother Brandham talking to that old woman. He said, "Sister, how long has it been since you've got the Holy Ghost?" And she says, "Glory to God, brother Brandham." And I can't remember exactly how many years. It's been 45, 50 years since I got the Holy Ghost. I remember the night I remember where I was. And you know, brothers and sisters, for those people that would say, "I don't know when I got the Holy Ghost." I want to say, "Get to know when you had the Holy Ghost." Ask the Lord to show you when you got the Holy Ghost. Because if you don't know, you need to know. Brother Bradom said, "It's just like having a baby. Can a mama have a baby and just forget that I had a baby?" No, it's getting awfully quiet. I'm sorry. I don't mean to make it sound like uh just because maybe I've had an experience someone might be saying. This is what Brother Brandham said. It's like a woman having a baby. If she has a baby, can she forget what it was like to have the baby? Can she forget when she had the baby? Let's talk about that for a second. When you talk to a mom who's had a baby, maybe the baby is 45, 50 years old. You can talk to that mama. And that mama will say, "It was on this day. It was at this hospital. The weather was like this outside. I remember my husband had bad breath." The details are there, brothers and sisters. It's not like we just forget. Those things don't happen. Amen. So, I think it's amazing when the prophet of God would say, "It's just like a mama having a baby. You remember when you got the Holy Ghost." Now, I'll say it, brother, brothers and sisters, you might say, "Well, brother Barry, you came out of the world and you had such an experience or you had an experience." I'm not trying to boast anything because there was years after I came to church that I heard a conversation one time and and the conversation just sitting around fellowshipping was where a brother said, "How do you know you had the Holy Ghost?" This was to a minister and the minister said, "Brother Brandham said, when did your desires change?" Because it's not when you speak in tongues. It's not when you get gentleness, kindness, longsuffering. It's not when you actually see the individual fruit of the spirit. When did your desire change? Because that's when the experience takes place. Many times we want to say, "Wow, I had a a time where maybe something supernatural took place in my life." But it's not the case at all. Even though it is the case, and that's why brother Brandham preached the message. It's a paradox. It's something that's amazing but true. When we get the Holy Ghost, it's without sensation. But it's not without emotion. Don't do that. Don't say it's not without emotion because it is with emotion. When our desires change, something happens. Do you ever s You ever think about that song at night? I lay in bed and I cry. I I I I don't know why I lay in bed and I cry. Something happens. It's the spirit of God that's moving in in our lives. I've heard it said that uh you know tears they actually wash toxins from our body. And I don't know if that's true or not. Somebody who's in the medical profession might know that. But I just can't help but think you know for myself when that happened in my life I didn't know that that was the Holy Ghost baptism in my life. I had no idea about it. But years later of me coming to church and I firmly believe that right when I came to church I got the Holy Ghost. I picked up right where I left off with God. I said, "If you're God, be God to me." And and somebody else might have something else to say about that, and that's okay. But, you know, I know my experience. I know my redeemer lives because he made himself known personally to me in my life. But it took me probably about eight years after that to come to the conclusion that it was back there at that time. I can say that he blessed me with his Holy Ghost. Why? Because my desires changed. Not because I spoke in tongues. Not because I danced in the spirit, not because I started shouting. I never started shouting until probably about 10 or 12 years after I started coming to church. And you know, brothers and sisters, it became a revelation to me. And I know some people might say, "Brother Barry, you're just a little bit loud, a little bit maybe fanatical." And I've talked about this in the past, and I I don't care. I could just be myself. I have to be myself, brothers and sisters. I'm not going to try to be anyone else. I remember standing at the back of the church and having a revelation strike my heart. The more you say amen, the more I say amen to the word of God, the more God is going to take brother Ken Ber and use him as an instrument to bless my spiritual well-being. So when I caught that revelation, brothers and sisters, I was like that John Ryan going up and down the aisles waving the hat on the cane. Although I didn't do that. I felt like it many times. But what I would do is stand right where brother Emanuel is and say, "Amen." Glory to God. Amen. And I don't care who's listening, who's watching, whatever else is going on. Because I know Brother Ken was speaking to me. It was all about me. And you know, I can't help but think because of our inalienable rights, it becomes a little bit narcissistic to this world because it's not about anybody else. It's only about me and him. Amen. Or shall we say him and I the bottom line is the twain become one. But talking about this this inalienable rights of the believer going back to the book of acts and talking about the day of Pentecost. Remember the book of acts is not the acts of the apostles. It's the acts of the holy spirit in the apostles. And we had a prophet in our day bring that to uh to our remembrance. Brother Brandham goes on to say, "Thus what the church was at Pentecost in the Ephesian church age is the standard. That is the pattern. There's no other pattern. No matter what the scholars say, God has not changed." Isn't that wonderful? No matter what the scholars say, God has not changed that pattern. what God did at Pentecost, he has to keep on doing until the church age is close. Now, some people might say, "Well, Brother Barry, we know that we've gone into the bride age. So, the seventh church age is over. That part's closed. So, maybe now things are just a little bit different than they were on the day of Pentecost." And I would say, "Hey, you know what? There's a discussion there to be had." I would say there's a discussion there to be had. But it ain't going to be going backwards. The church ain't going backwards to say now the church ages are closed. So now we don't have to have any any spiritual occurrence in our services and any supernatural experiences and all of that can be set aside. The the the fruit of the spirit and everything. No, no, no. The church isn't going to go back. The church is only going to go forward. Remember the armor of God is only for the front of the believer. It's not for the behind. So we're not going to turn back. There's no turning back. We know that in Hebrews it says those who were once enlightened and have ever tasted of the heavenly gift. For them to be renewed, if they should turn away, for them to be renewed again, it's impossible. We're not going backwards. The church is not going backwards. The church is only going forwards. That's the only thing that's going to happen. That's the only thing we have to look forward to. I I think it's so beautiful because we are truly in the astronaut age. And you know, we can say that the seventh church age is over. The Leodysian church age is over. Leodysia is the age of people's rights. And there's a lot of people that have a lot of rights in the day in which we live. And I think it's amazing when we look around and we see how many people are trying to stand up for their rights. I think it's time that we as believers ought to stand up for our rights. We ought to stand up for our rights. When we see these people trying to say that, you know, gay pride is okay and you have to accept it. That's just something that you have to accept. That's our inalienable inalienable right. Hey, if that's a law in the land, then that's great. Go for it. But that don't mean that I have to accept it. And if that's the case, the other side of the coin is you have got to accept my right to worship God in freedom of religion. Amen. And until they change that entirely, we're going to continue to do it. We have the right to believe this word. And I don't think it's something that we could ever take lightly. Sometimes that sounds crazy even to say we've got the right to believe. It's such a simple statement, isn't it? To say that we've got the right to believe. There's people that would say you don't have the right to believe. There's devils that would say you don't have the right to believe because of what you've done, because of what you haven't done, because of what you've said, because of what you've looked at. It is irrelevant, brothers and sisters. We have an inalienable right. You can't take it away from the individual. And the individual who has that right cannot actually give it away. Amen. I think it's so beautiful. You can't sin away your day of grace if you're truly elected. Now, maybe someone could pull up a quote and and challenge me on that. And if you want to, that's okay. But I want to say this. Brother Brandham said it very clearly. There was once a pastor that gave up. He threw in the towel. Something terrible must have happened for whatever the reason. He threw in the towel and he wanted his assistant, he had a garage or something and he wanted his assistant to go and get him a box of beer cuz he was just fed up with it. Forget it. Might as well just give up. And what happened was he got really angry and that young man went to get the beer. Something happened. But what happened was that man got run over that God took him home. That man did not get a chance to go and sin away his day of grace. God said it's time to come home. I believe that the truly elect will never sin away their day of grace. We can never do it even if we want to because you can't give away your inalienable right. You can't just lose it. Someone can't just take it away. And you know, it's not a human being. Satan can't take it away. Let's say it the way it is. No devil can come around and just take it away. If we've got the Holy Ghost in our life, we've got the Holy Ghost in our life till the day of our redemption, till the day we come out of the grave or till, excuse me, we meet him in the sky. Amen. I think it's so beautiful this thought about the Pentecostal the Pentecostal experience and the book of Acts here. And we know that it goes on to talk about Peter's sermon. We can jump down to verse 14 of Acts 2. We know that there are so many people from so many different locations in the world from abroad. Acts 2:14. But Peter standing up with the 11. Remember there was 120 in the room but here they had the the chosen call them the chosen the 12. Peter standing up with the 11 lifted up his voice and said unto them ye men of Judea and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem be this known unto you and hearken to my words. Wow. Why would they hearken to his words? I think it's beautiful because you know what? The word that was made flesh came and dwelt among us and was split and now he sent back his holy spirit which was the earnest of our inheritance, the earnest of our salvation. Brother Bradam says it both ways in the message. The earnest of our inheritance and the earnest of our salvation. But why would the people listen to him? Why would the people listen to him? because he was filled with the Holy Ghost. It wasn't him that was speaking. But yet, people would look at him and say, "Oh, no. It's just Peter. We can see it. He's that fisherman. He's that hot-headed, temper-minded guy. We know all about him. We know his parents. We know his family. We know who this guy is. Why would we listen to him?" It's beautiful how the Lord had such a manifestation. They could speak in unknown tongues and people could understand their speech. God chose it that way on purpose so that he could attract their attention. But Peter standing up with the 11 lifted up his voice and said unto them, "Ye men of Judea and all ye that dwell in Jerusalem, be this known unto you and hearken to my words. For these are not drunken as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day." But this is that what which was spoken of by the prophet, not just spoken of in the church, not just spoken of by some theologian. It was spoken of by the prophet, wasn't it? The prophet Joel. And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams, and on my servants, and upon and on my handmaidadens I will pour out in those days of my spirit, and they shall prophesy or preach. And I will show wonders in the heaven above and signs in the earth beneath, blood and fire and vapor of smoke. Now remember that vapor of smoke bit. We're going to get into that a little bit later. I think it's just beautiful. And I'll tell you the Lord just connected that right now. I had a quote in the back and I was like scratching my head. Thank you Lord. Verse 20. The sun shall be turned to darkness and the moon into blood before the great and notable day of the Lord come. And it shall come to pass that whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. It's not just going to be an association. It's not going to be joining a church. It's not going to be be even being born into a family. Even though even though parents would like to say that you know what our children will be saved because they are born into our family. Excuse me. In questions and answers, brother Brandham gets asked that question. Will our children be saved because they're born into our family? Maybe not worded exactly like that. And brother Brandham, he says no. Every single one of us has to have an experience with Christ. Amen. Just because we're born into a family does not mean we're saved, unfortunately. But it's wonderful because we have the opportunity to hold the word before our children. And we know that brother Brandham said it very clearly that if the Catholic Church gets their way, they'll hold the their word before a child. Give them up a child up to age five and they'll have them for life. They know that. Why is that? Because it's the word of God. train them up in the way they should go. By the time they hit age five, if they've had the proper training, they're going to continue on with it. So, here we have the opportunity in our lives to hold the word before our children and hope and trust and pray a lot that they will absolutely desire a relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ themselves. But just because we're born into a a message home, it doesn't mean that we're actually elected. It sounds scary to say, but it's very true. We need to make sure that we know we have our own experience with the Lord. Going on, brother Bradam talks about this in uh in the exposition of the seven church ages. I think this is going backwards. He talks about uh though scholars may tell you the apostolic age is over, don't you believe it. Such a statement is wrong on two counts. First of all, it's wrong to suppose there aren't any more apostles just because the original 12 are dead. And I love how he talks about this. There are definitely offices. There's a five-fold ministry and and the apostles still a part of the church. It's it's wrong, he says, to assume that there aren't more apostles just because the original 12 are dead. He says an apostle means a sentent one. And there are many sent ones today, but they are are called missionaries. And as long as men are being called and sent forth with the word of life, there is an apostolic age going on. And brother Brham talks about the apostle very specifically in the message if you look up apostle. Uh you can see it in in the five-fold ministry and the position of it. And uh it's just wonderful because the age of the apostles has not ceased. It will cease at a certain time but it's not right now. It's not this time. It's actually when the church goes up. Then you can say that it's going to change. Secondly, they refer to an age of manifested Holy Ghost power as being over. Can you believe that? It just takes the power of God and grounds it right out. We all might might as well just have fig leaves when we come to church. Everyone just puts on the exact same garment and comes in with their uniform on and we say our amens and we sing our songs and then we maybe take a wafer and and and the priest will take a shot for you and everyone can go home and call him an Uber at the end of the service because of all the wine that he's drank. And we know that that's actually it sounds funny but that's actually the way it's done in some churches. He says, "Secondly, they refer to an age of manifested Holy Ghost power as being over since the Bible has been completed." That is untrue. There is not even one scripture that suggests that, but many conclusively state the otherwise. Here is our proof that both of these charges are false. Acts 2 38-39. And if you have the book of Acts open, chapter 2, you can just read that. 38 says, "Then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ." And and it's interesting because what is the name of Jesus Christ? Father, the name of Jesus Christ, son, or the name of Jesus Christ, Holy Ghost. It doesn't add up. Everyone should be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children, and to all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. The trouble with this is many people get baptized not in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of their sins. They get baptized in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost and truly believe that they go on to the baptism of the holy ghost because of an experience that happens in their life. And when that happens, they are deceived. They're able to be partakers of that same heavenly rain that falls down. It's the former rain and the latter rain coming together. It's the harvest rain that takes place at the final maturing of the crop. And the people all cry out at the same time, "Glory to God. Glory to God." We could see the blessing of God. We could see the supernatural experience. We could see people speak in tongues. We could even see interpretations. We could even see many signs and wonders in the church. But have they followed the original instruction to get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? If they haven't, then they've missed it. Now, I know I'm preaching to the choir here, but perhaps there will be someone listening right now. Or maybe there will be someone listening afterwards that doesn't actually have a true baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ according to Acts 2:38. Maybe they have a baptism according to some other teaching. Why not give it a try? Why not see if God is real? I know why people are afraid. They're afraid. I mean, seriously, what do we have to lose? If we do argue this, what is there to lose? What is there to lose? I'll tell you what there is to lose. There's a devil who has a position in a person's life. A devil's comfortable right where he's at. And he knows full well that if that person takes a true baptism according to the apostles instruction on the day of Pentecost, that devil has to go. He no longer has a right to that ground. Amen. And that's why so many people are so adamantly against getting baptized again in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. For goodness sake, what do we have to lose? Right? I'll tell you what, you have your inalienable right. Because until you get that baptism of the Holy Ghost, brothers and sisters, you don't have an inalienable right. That's right. The devil has all the rights. But I want to encourage anyone who would hear my voice today. Take those rights back. Take them back. Once you've got them, he can never take them away. Amen. He says, "Here is our proof that both of these charges are false." Acts 2:38-39. Then Peter said unto them, "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. for the promise is unto you and to your children and all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And I can't help but think it's just beautiful, you know, when we have children that maybe grow up and then they grow astray, they they go weward, have they been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? If they have been, they have an al inalienable rights. Amen. And I can't help but think that we as parents have the ability to pour our prayers on those inalienable rights to see the promise of power come back into their life. It's got to be at the time appointed of the father. It's got to be at the time that becomes real to the individual. We can try and make it real to them all we want all of their life, but it will never ever happen until God reveals himself personally to the individual. And when that time comes, when that happens, there ain't nobody that can ever talk it out of them. Amen. The promise of power which the apostles were endued at Pentecost is to you Jews and to your children Jews and to all that are a far off Gentiles and to as many as the Lord our God shall call both Jew and Gentile. Until he stops calling the Pentecostal message and power will not cease. Amen. Isn't that beautiful, brothers and sisters? When is he going to stop calling? When he closes the door, not for the marriage. When he closes the door for the wedding supper, because the wedding is taking place now. The wedding is happening now. This is the time to take that wedding band of unmmerited grace and say, "Be it unto me, Lord, according to thy word." And where is his word going to come from? It's going to come from a vindicated prophet. And then where is that word going to come from when God takes that vindicated prophet home? It's going to come from the five-fold ministry that's saying what's already said. Just like he said in the book of Acts, Peter spoke the words that were already spoken by the prophet Joel. It's not going to be a new word, but it's going to happen in such a way that it's going to sound like a new word because all of the religion that's going to be spread all over the world is going to sound different than the original word. But that's what the prophets did throughout every single church age. Isn't it? They cried, "Get back to the word." They cried, "Get back in line." They said, "Forget about the church teachings and get back to the original." That oldtime religion. We sang that song, brothers and sisters. I hope we can sing it today. That oldtime religion, because that's the only thing that's going to start the devil flying is to have a good old backwood sinkilling preaching service. talking about the Holy Ghost and the baptism of fire in the lives of God's children. Who wants to just have a church service where we talk about the mysteries where it's mysterious and we have to be intellectual and we have all of the theory just nailed down and I've got all the quotes to support my ideas and all of the ideas to support the quotes. All of that is good for nothing if we don't have the Holy Ghost. There's a place for that. But let's get Jesus Christ front and center. This is all about him. Amen. And I say, forgive us, Lord, if we make it anything else. Sometimes we can, sometimes we can make it about our church. Sometimes we can make it about our traditions. Sometimes we can make it even about our own ideas. But I just like to make it about what the prophet said. Get right back to what brother Brandham said. Because what Brad, brother Brandham was saying wasn't what he was saying. It was what God was saying through him. He told him to go and store up food for a season. It wasn't so that he could store up food for Brandham Tabernacle in in Jeffersonville, Indiana, even though it was. It wasn't so that he could store up food for Tucson Tabernacle in Arizona, even though it was. It was so that their sons and daughters of God later on that needed to hear the word of God in season could actually hear that stored up food. That's what it was for. And here we are, brothers and sisters. Isn't it beautiful talking about the the day of Pentecost when the day of Pentecost was fully come and and how we have such a wonderful thing that we can look at here in in in Acts chapter 2 verse one. And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. I think it's beautiful. You know, brother Brandham preaches and he teaches over and over again about the one place that's God's provided place of worship, doesn't he? And many people, they got hung up on all kinds of other things that people were saying, even in and around the message. Isn't it astounding when you really think about it? If you haven't heard it for a while, just go and listen to Questions and Answers in 1964 and hear Brother Brandham answer the question over and over and over. And you can tell he's getting exasperated himself and over again. We hear that the rapture is going to happen in Arizona. Should we all pack up and move out to Arizona? He says, "No, no, the rapture is going to be universal. It's going to happen all around the world. Don't move out to Arizona. But if you want to move out to Arizona because you like the desert, you like the arid environment, if you like the heat, by all means come. He says, "We could be neighbors. You could come and live here. It would be wonderful. By all means, but to think that the rapture is going to take place there, don't do it." And and he says it over and over and over. Question after question is given to him. Questions and answers. The page with someone's handwriting. Will the rapture take place in Arizona? Will the rapture take place out in Arizona? And then they go on to, "Why are you going back to Arizona after the seals have already been opened?" And he says, "You have to just trust me. I can't tell you everything. You have to trust me." And and it's interesting because if he didn't go out to Arizona, he wouldn't have been in a car crash, would he? And we know that it wasn't that car crash that took his life, was it? It was God that took his life in the hospital under full supervision and care of the medical profession. But God took his prophet off the scene. It wasn't just an accident. There's no accidents that happen. But should we move to Arizona because the rapture is going to take place? No. Don't do it. But what I'm getting at, brothers and sisters, is how people can talk outside of church and have conversations and hear something and it becomes fanatical. It can become something really interesting to talk about. And that can actually spin off into something that causes people to say, "Well, it makes perfect sense. We should do that. That's God's prophet. He's out there. There's going to be a rapture that's going to take place and we should go there, but listen to what he says." And you know what's funny in a in a super sad way is they didn't listen to what he said. They did it anyway. And at one point he said, "Don't do it because the the people out there are going to gather together and they're not going to be able to have work. There's going to be so many people there. They're not going to be able to provide for their families, which means they're going to be worse than an infidel. And that they've denied the faith. Amen. That's what it means if we don't provide for our families naturally and spiritually worse than an infidel and have denied the faith. But they got there and they did that and they had so many people there. Brother Bradom said, "What's going to happen is you're going to come out there and then you're going to have to actually go to the welfare because people are going to need to eat. People are going to need housing. They're going to need they're going to be needy people because you have so many people go there." And he said, "You know what? The news cameras are just going to be waiting for you to do that so they can say this man, William Brandom, is a false prophet. He's a charlatan." He said, "Don't do it." My point is, we need to listen to what the prophet said. Not some of it, not the part that feels good, especially the part that doesn't feel good, because that's the part that's going to change us and help us. talking about Pentecost. That is our inalienable right, brothers and sisters. I'm going to summarize it there right now as we shift to third gear and we're going to stomp on the gas and we're going to drop the clutch. Third gear. Pentecost is our inalienable right. Brother Brandham says that Pentecost is not a denomination. It is an experience just like they had in the acts of the Holy Ghost in the apostles. We ought to see the exact same thing in our lives. Hallelujah. And I want to encourage us today more than ever, brothers and sisters. And remember, when brother Barry's preaching, he's preaching to himself. God is speaking to me also. Let's dedicate ourselves even further to the Lord. Who wants to dedicate yourself even further to the Lord? Even more so as you see that day approaching. We know the rapture hasn't taken place yet, has it? Is anybody missing here? Brother Brandham says scarcely even a dozen people from this generation. Would we even know it? He also says in a city of a million people, let it be you. You be that one person in the message, one in a million. Let it be you. be that one in a million that's crying out, "Lord, save me. Save my family." Now, I know there's some that would say, "Well, Brother Barry, if I'm elect, then I can't be lost. It's my inalienable right. I can't be lost." Nope. You can't be. But we're not going to deny the faith either. We're not going to take the grace of God and turn it into disgrace and say, "I don't have to go to church. I don't have to pay my tithe. I don't have to act and live as a believer. Ah, you know what? Communion service, it's just once in a while. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter whether I go to communion service. It doesn't matter whether I wash feet. That's pretty gross anyways. Why would I ever do that? You know why? Because if God himself made flesh, came down and dwelt amongst us. And he did it. And he said, "Do you know what's happened here?" I don't think you know what's happened here. Let me tell you what's happened here. The reason I did this is to show you absolute humility. If I can do this, then how much more ought you do it one to another? And he said, you know what? If you do these things, then you're happy. I can't help but think that's why we got so many miserable people around here. We're not washing one another's feet. We're not following the full instruction of what the Lord gave us. That's not even the prophet. It's the Lord. Jesus Christ said it. Amen. Oh, but a theologian said, you know, who does that? That's weird, man. Only William Brham did that. Or maybe some fanatical brethren somewhere along the way. Some sort of fanatical thing. They they're the only ones that do that. You know, you can just take communion once in a while. It doesn't matter. It does. He's very much into the details. He's very much into his word. That's what God is into. Children that obey his word. How many parents like that in their children? I would say every single parent that is in the building. When our children are told something by us and they just obey it, it makes us happy as parents. How much more the Lord when we obey his word. Pentecost is our inalienable right and it's a type of the jubilee. And the jubilee we know full well it marked 49 days after the resurrection. Jubilee is actually the year of freedom, isn't it? We could be bound as a slave. Maybe our parents made really bad financial decisions. Remember, this is true. This is the way it was once upon a time. Our parents could make really bad financial decisions. They could actually do things that were wrong in society and we would actually not be able to pay the bill. Just don't have the money because I I wasn't smart enough to do anything to lay up for my future. even for my children. So what happens is when you have to go to court and actually make an appearance and stand and and give a reason for your behavior and you don't have the money to pay the bill, when the judgment comes down, if they say you owe this much money, what would happen is your children, your family would be given over to slavery, they would be given to cover the debt because of your mistake. Maybe it was a mistake, but the mistake wouldn't be that you didn't store up food. You didn't store up money. But here we have the the type of Pentecost is a type of Jubilee, marking 49 days after the resurrection. The year of Jubilee was 50 years. And all of the slaves, anyone who had land deals that went bad. Anyone who was a slave, when that Jubilee trumpet blew, they could just go free. They could throw down their rakes. They could throw down their hoes. They could undo the chains, their bondage. They could just go free. They could go back to where they came from. But remember, brother Bradam, he talks about it, how there is slaves. They were happy being slaves. They were just happy in their position. Their task masters were really kind to them. And you know, I'll say this, brothers and sisters, it's very important to remember. We can go one way or the other. We can say a vow of poverty. Oh my, that's God's blessing in my life. Or we can say, "Hey, you know what? God's opened the windows of heaven and poured out a financial blessing that I can't hardly contain. I don't know where to invest it all. I don't know what to do with all this money." One way or the other can be wrong, but the life of a believer is going to be right down the middle. Amen. We can make God's grace a disgrace if we're not careful. And you know, I I just can't help but think we have been given the Jubilee trumpet in the day in which we live. Back then when the Jubilee trumpet blew, they could choose to walk away from their taskmaster, their owner, and go back home to their parents and go home and be free. They could do that and never have to go back to be a slave again. But sometimes maybe they would say, "You know what? That that taskmaster, that that slave owner, my owner was actually better than my parents. They had more money than my parents did. I I actually eat better food when I live there than when I do with my parents. Everything is better." Maybe they let me listen to music. Maybe they let me do all these different things. Maybe life is just better on the other side. You know what happened was? They had to be taken down. They could make that choice, but they were taken down to the temple and they had to take a an all and bore them in the ear and and mark them forever now to be a slave and they were never able to leave the slavery that they were under, the bondage that they were under. They were bound to that forever. Brother Brandham, he says it just to fast forward and make it quick. He says it that in the day in which we live right now when we hear this Jubilee trumpet to say that we have an inalienable right and that is the Holy Ghost that is Pentecost our Pentecostal experience when we scoff at it and say I've heard it before I I don't need to hear that. What happens is we can have a spiritual all pierce our spiritual ear our eardrum. Brother Bradom says this and we will never be able to hear this gospel again. Every single time it comes across our path we'll just be mute to it. will be like, "Yep, whatever. I've heard it before. Get the duty done. We'll be able to just go home and we'll just come back next week and it'll just be our duty, our civic, religious duty. It'll just be the same thing over and over again." It's the definition of insanity, brothers and sisters. Who wants to live that way as a believer? I'm trying to encourage us to go all the way and see this Pentecostal blessing in our life. It is a type of the jubilee and it marks our freedom. It marks absolute freedom. It marks our inalienable right to every single word of God in the Bible. And you know, brother Brandham, he says that it's the earnest of our salvation, which is the down payment, the spirit that he gave back to the church after he destroyed his body, allowed his body to be destroyed by all the devils in the men when he went to Calvary, just about killed him before he even made it to the cross. That was for a purpose. It was so that his spirit could come back from the throne unto his men. He never left us comfortless, did he? He said he wouldn't. He said that I won't leave you comfortless. I will send you the comforter. I will send you the teacher. I will send you myself. He is the earnest of our salvation. The Holy Spirit, the word, the message. It's the earnest of our salvation. And it's the earnest of our inheritance. And I can't help but think that, you know, Jesus, he said it in one place in the word that his inheritance, he has an inheritance. And that we actually are his inheritance. We talk about our inheritance many times, but isn't it wonderful to think about his inheritance? His inheritance are all of the believers, the body of Christ. 50 years is a jubilee. And that sound of the Jubilee trumpet, brothers and sisters, is a sign of freedom. And I can't help but think, you know, the earnest, if you look it up in the message, this is where the Lord was really dealing with me today. I think it's just so beautiful. I hadn't seen this before. If you look up earnest, remember it's the down payment, right? It's the down payment. In the message, type in the word earnest. See for yourself. It's interesting because it's not mentioned past 1963. The word earnest. Now, is that a coincidence? Why is there no more a down payment? I can't help but think that there's something really significant about that. I mean, really significant. I've said it many times, but I've never seen it so completely clearly as I do today. And some people might be saying, "Brother Barry, yeah, you're really going fanatical, and maybe there's something wrong with me, but I'm pretty happy this way." me. So, just leave me alone if that's the case. But I I was looking it up and and and earnest, the word earnest is not mentioned past 1963 in the message. And I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, as we try and draw this up here, maybe hit the hit the gas pedal a little bit. I can't help but think that this is exactly 1 Corinthians chapter 13 verse 9. For we know in part and we prophesy in part. This is the church knowing in part and prophesying in part. What happened in 1963, brothers and sisters? Some people would say, "Well, there was a mysterious cloud." Some people would say, "Well, there was a tremendous opportunity in the church where brother Brandham, he he had some tremendous meetings in in Jeffersonville, Indiana." And some people would say that six of the seals were open. And some people would say, "Well, all seven seals were open." open. And some people would say, "Well, Brother Brandham said that all six were open, but not the seventh one." It was never completely explained. But if you follow the message all the way through, you'll hear him say, "Those seven seals, not those six seals." So, I can't help but think that it's all seven seals were open in 1963. And why is it that he doesn't talk about the earnest anymore after 1963? For we know in part and prophesy in part in part, sorry, excuse me. 1 Corinthians chapter 13 10 says, "But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away." So what's going on after 1963, brothers and sisters? What took place in 1963? When I was a child, I spake as a child and I understood as a child. And we know we can talk about this in the natural realm. We play with cars and balls and dolls and and dresses and and babies and and little bottles and prams and and we carry on as children when we're children. But then when we mature, all of that stuff gets put away and maybe it gets saved for other children that come to visit us. But what happens is we begin to become an adult and adult things tend to actually capture our attention a little more. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. Spiritually speaking, it's the same way. Brothers and sisters, spiritually speaking, it's the same way. And I know some people will be saying, "Well, you're not talking mysteries. You're not talking seals. You're not talking all of the things in the message." You know, that's not what the message is about. It's not come to create a mystery. It's come to reveal the mystery. The mystery of Jesus Christ, the revelation of Jesus Christ. That is what all of the seals are all about. That's what 1963 was about, brothers and sisters. I can't help but think 1963 was the true Jubilee trumpet being sounded through the preaching of the seven seals. Now, maybe we could say it this way. Amen. The revealing, the revealing, the actual speaking to the revealing of those seven unknown thunders were contained where in the seals. They were preached for a reason. So that there's no more mysteries. So why would we preach mysteries, brothers and sisters? It doesn't make sense. It's going backwards. Let's preach Pentecost. Let's preach liberty. Let's preach freedom in the word, inalienable rights of the believers. When that which is perfect is come, I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, 1963, there's no more talk about the earnest. We're not no longer dealing with the down payment. We're dealing with the full measure of the Lord Jesus Christ in the age in which we live. If we've got the open word, we have the full revealing of Jesus Christ. Back in the message when brother Brandham was preaching here, he said, "This is the appearing of Jesus Christ. This is the appearing." But there's also a coming. And I gotta tell you, brothers and sisters, there's a word coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. And what happened on Sunset Mountain? Now, what happened in 1963? We know, we read it many times. It's the buzz scripture in Revelations 10 1-7 in the days of the voice. Yes. Right. Amen. of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound. Not when he's done sounding, when he's gone off the scene. When he shall begin to sound, what the mystery of God should be starting, no, finished. Because it's not just something that's given to us as a mystery. It is the revealing of Jesus Christ. Our true Pentecost has come. That's right. But if we choose to reject it and say, "I don't see it that way. I'm not willing to look at it that way." That's okay. But what's going to happen is spiritually speaking, that all is coming, brothers and sisters. I'm telling you that all is coming and it's going to pierce our spiritual eardrum. And we're never going to mature past where we're at. But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away. Now, we're not going to do away with a prophet. And I'm not saying we're going to do away with Jesus Christ. No. Because he didn't come to actually diminish anything. He came to magnify and to amplify. If anything, brothers and sisters, now more than ever, we want to say amen to the word of God. Amen. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I even thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. I stopped playing with trucks. I stopped playing with balls. Even though I still do kind of play with both of them. um just in a man way. And I'm sure you understand what I mean. But we're not trying to play with toys anymore. Not child's toys anyways. It's adult toys. But we're not talking about natural things here. We're talking about spiritual things. Brother Bradom says, I can't help but think this, brothers and sisters, when we want to talk mysteries over and over again, we're talking about shiny things. We're talking about shiny things. And brother Brandham says that the gospel doesn't shine, it glows. He says that monkeys jump for shiny things. We're sons and daughters of God. We don't need something spectacular. We don't need something else to come along. We've got that which is perfect. It's already come. Verse 12 says, "For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part and then shall I be known even as also I am known. So what took place on February 28th, 1963, brothers and sisters? What took place? Let's turn over to Revelations. We're going to end here because we got a service tonight. I don't want to keep us too long. We know this chapter so well. We should be able to just quote it. But John the Revelator, the one that was with Jesus and the other disciples said, "How is it that someone's going to see the kingdom of heaven coming?" And Jesus said, "You know what? What's it to you? just follow me. He wrote these words here in Revelations chapter 10. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a what? Cloud and a what? A rainbow was about his head and his face was as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open. And I can't help but think it was the little book open. I'm not trying to correct scripture, but it was a little book open because he didn't know what book it was at this point. And he set his right foot upon the sea and his left foot upon the earth. And he cried with a loud voice as when a lion roarth. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. Now, many people want to just stop right there and say they're unknown thunders. We just don't know what they are yet. But we know brother Bradom said that those seven unknown thunders were contained in the seals. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write and heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not. So for some it just becomes a mystery. But I think you need to keep reading. I just want to say keep reading. If it's still a mystery, just keep reading. And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth. Remember the sea, brother Bradom says it very clearly, denotes people. The sea is people. The earth is the land. The land is the earth. So he came down and declared authority over all of the people and over all of the earth. This is someone that is a notable angel. Brother Brandham talks about this is someone very significant. And you already know who I'm talking about. This is Jesus Christ. The angel which I saw stand upon the people or the sea and upon the earth or the world, lifted up his hand to heaven, and swear by him that liveth forever and ever, created heaven, and all the things that therein are, and the earth, and the things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that there should be time no longer. Amen. So, brothers and sisters, I can't help but think really what we're looking at here is the coming of the Lord. Because what happened here, this is the hallmark scripture of the message of the hour, is it not? But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, remember the seventh angel is not the same angel that we're talking about coming down with the open book in his hand. That is not the same angel. We're talking about a different angel now in verse 7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets, two separate angels, brother Brandham, saying that the two of us will not be here at the same time when he preaches the seals. Verse 8 says, "And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again, and said, go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." We know 8 to 111 is a type of the commission for the bride. I'll call the musicians as we begin to close here for today. I feel like I could preach a lot about this and maybe Lord willing we will as we go forwards. In 1965, what is the attraction on the mountain? Remember John the Revelator, brother Bradam said, was a type of the bride, right? He was told to take this book and eat it up and go and prophesy. Verse seven talks about the days of the voice of the seventh angel. The seventh angel came and he did his job. He actually sounded. He did exactly what he was supposed to do. The seventh church age messenger. And that was for a reason. That was so that Revelations 10 8-11 could take place. And I think it really behooves us to make sure that we do exactly what this word says. Yes. Revelation or sorry in uh 1965 what is the attraction on the mountain for the Brandham telling the story here he says return home not just because he feels inspired for thus saith the Lord the seven mysteries that's been hid in the Bible all these years these denominations and everything God is going to open those seven mysteries to us in the seven seals. They're not mysteries. The mysteries are histories. I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, we're not looking at a uh an Earnest any longer, are we? Why wouldn't he preach about the Earnest any further after 1963? Because that which is perfect has come. a completely open word. And what is the word? The word is Christ. He goes on to say, "There was that circle coming up from the earth like a mist, like a mist forming. When it did, it went plum up into the mountain, began to circle on westward from the way it come. Science found it after a while. 30 miles high, 25 miles across, just exactly in the circle of a pyramid. Now, we could stop there and say that's exactly what it is. It was just a mysterious cloud just like was printed in Life magazine and and Look magazine. And we know that many times we see the picture on the wall and sometimes we'll see the picture on the wall and we'll have other people put their face inside that picture. And I think there's some merit to that, brothers and sisters. There's some merit to that. We got to be able to see ourselves also in that cloud. But just talking specifically about that cloud, brother Brandham says exactly what that cloud is. And I think it's important to make sure that we say what he said. After and the other day, sorry, standing there, I turned the picture to the right because Jesus told him, "Turn it right." The Lord told him, "Turn it right." And and did he turn it to the right angle? I think that God told him to look at it the right way. Turn it so you have the right perspective because when you get the right perspective, you're going to see Jesus Christ. And the other day standing there turned the picture to the right and there is Jesus as he was in the seven church ages. And that's at the beginning of Revelations. You go back to Revelations chapter 1, the white wigged one standing in the midst of the candlesticks. We're not going to read it for the sake of time today. He was the one with the white wig on showing supreme deity. Where was he showing supreme deity? Brothers and sisters in 1963 in a cloud. This is what the prophet's saying here. He's the one with the white wig on showing supreme deity. He's alpha omega, the beginning, the ending. He's the first and the last. He's the supreme judge of all eternity standing there to confirm the message of this hour. Yes, sir. [Music] He's not saying that he's coming. He's saying that he's here. That it's actually the white wig one standing there declaring this message of the hour to be true. He's the supreme judge of all eternity standing there to confirm the message of this hour. And there shall be light about the evening time. What is it all about? What is it? go and listen to what is the attraction on the mount, brothers and sisters. What is it all about? It's all about the going away of the Lord Jesus Christ. But I think we still have the opportunity to recognize the coming of the Lord is here. Amen. The coming of the Lord is here. I don't think we've missed it yet. So, let's get in the boat while we can, brothers and sisters. It's about to flood this world, not with water. There's going to be a climate change and we're not going to be here to see it. God bless you this morning. Let's stand as we close. Remember, we have an inalienable right and that is every single promise in the book. It's Jesus Christ, our Pentecost. Let's just bow in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your word. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus, that we can see through a glass clearly now. And Father, if there's anybody here today that can't see through a a the glass, the glass clearly, Father, my prayer is that you would allow that glass to become clear. Lord Jesus, that as we peel back the pages of your word, that we would begin to see Jesus Christ from Genesis to Revelation. And Lord, as we continue to peel back the pages that Father, the continuation would be that we not only see you in that word, but we see ourselves with you in that word, Lord. Amen. Oh, Father, we know that you said there will be a time where you will be in us and we will be in you and we'll all be in the Father and the Father will be in us. Father, help us to recognize that day is now. Yes. Amen. Father, we're so thankful for your word. Thank you, Lord, for sending a prophet that would take us and show us the way back to your word, to the true word. Father, we have been given the inalienable right. The devil can't take it away from us and we can't even give it away. Father, I pray that you would just allow the words that were spoken today to just become real to Amen. everyone here, Father. even myself, Father, trying to quantify what I think you showed me today. It's beautiful. I thank you for it, Lord. I pray that you would just be glorified now as we go our separate ways. And if we should gather again tonight for a communion service, Lord, to discern your body, oh Father, to follow your instructions, Lord, we'll be careful to give you praise. Amen. We thank you for your leadership and your guidance in your church. We pray that you would be the head of all. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Consume me Lord. [Music] Consume me Lord. Consume me Lord with the fire of your spit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Rain me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my heart. Let me be used [Music] by you. Consume me Lord. Consume me Lord in the fire of your spirit. me Lord and make me more like you. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. [Music] Let me be used [Music] by you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory [Music] and we are [Music] Lord. We lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no else. Hallelujah. Amen. There is no one else like you. Oh my go There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Isn't it wonderful to just make it personal to him? Amen. Can we sing number 180? Just change the tempo a little bit. I've got something that the world can't give. You got something that the world can't give. I've got something that the world can't give. that the world can't take it away. I got something that the world can do and it is me. I got something worth talking about. It makes me sing and it makes me shout. I got something that the world can do and the world can't take it away. One more time. I got something that the world can do and the world. [Music] I got something. [Music] I got something worth talking about. It makes me sing and it makes me sh the world and the world. One more time. I got something that the world can give and the world. I got something. [Applause] [Music] I got something worth talking about. Makes me see it. I got something and the world can't take it away. Hallelujah. I guess we should sing old time religion because that's really what it is, isn't it? It's that old time religion, Jesus Christ himself. [Music] Amen. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It's that old time Holy Spirit. Amen. You won't go near it. [Music] God glory time. We got a time relation. We got a time relation. Not glory will make you stop your life. It's the only day. Amen. Starting [Music] high. [Music] God [Applause] for me. So I wonder [Music] time [Music] that time. God bless you. We'll see you tonight. That's the reason. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] forever. I am [Music] Glory. [Music] I saw it. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Good [Music] wasn't. [Music] [Music] Here [Music] we go. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
