################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-12 - Bro. Andrew Glover - We Have A Vindicated Forecast - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-12
Title:    Bro. Andrew Glover - We Have A Vindicated Forecast
Speaker:  Andrew Glover
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN0gdXehEmQ
========================================

Description:
Bro. Andrew Glover 
Friday, September 12th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Amen. [Music] God bless each one of you. greet you in the precious name of the Lord Jesus tonight. Good to have each one out on a Friday night. May the Lord bless you for your efforts. You stand with me as we start our service tonight. Wonderful weekend shaping up and in store for us. Of course, we get what we expect. So, I believe you've all come expecting. I have. And I know the Lord never disappoints. Let's give him the glory he's worthy of. You're deserving Lord of all of my praises. For you are deservey of all of my praises, Lord. And I am yearning to be in your presence once more. Deep inside my heart is pure name. I want to know you more for you're the holy one that I adore. [Applause] How great you are. How great you are. For you are the mighty king and you come to reign in me. Oh, how great you are. How great you are. And I give you all the praisees of my heart. You are deserve. Yes, you are. of all of my praises, Lord. And I am year to be in your presence once more. Deep inside my heart is your name. I want to know you for you are the only one that I adore. How great you are. How great you are. You are the mighty king and you come to re. Oh, how great you are. Oh, how great you are. [Music] And I give you all the praisees of my heart. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Oh yes, his tender mercies come. every rising sun to greet the sin of his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts and bless my is in the Lord. From this time and ever more. All my is in the Lord forever more. Would you come over and pray for us as we sing the last verse? His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness. Oh to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts and rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and never more. All my hope is in the light. [Music] Let's bow our hearts this evening. Oh Lord Jesus, my our hope Lord is in you Lord Jesus because you're the great I am. You are our all in all, oh Lord Jesus. Oh God, as we open the the special service this weekend, oh Lord Jesus, we just want the full course meal, oh Lord Jesus, from start to finish, Lord, that we can be justified, sanctified, and baptized with the Holy Ghost. And we will know who we are, Lord, by being placed according to your word, oh Lord Jesus. Full adoption, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh God, what a new birth we had, Lord. It's not because we belong to this church, but because we are baptized into one body and we believe you, Lord, completely Lord. Oh God, we just want to thank you, Lord Jesus, for your word. Oh God, without your word Lord, where we where are we going to be? Oh Lord Jesus, we will be nowhere. Oh Lord, as we can see the world out there, Lord, the loudysia is very dark there. Oh, but we can see it Lord because you put us higher and higher Lord come up hither when you said oh Lord Jesus so that we can see the end from the beginning. What a privileged people we are oh Lord Jesus. Oh God, as we hear the words of Zion or songs of Zion, oh Lord Jesus, as brother Paul, Lord, uh uh leads the songs. Oh Lord Jesus, and and the musicians, oh Lord Jesus, may may our hearts be open for your word. Lord, you send your your servant, Lord, Brother Andrew, &gt;&gt; this way, Lord, so that we can be blessed. Yes. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord, we it we know Lord it will be a benefit for us Lord because we know we believe in the five-fold ministry and the gift that you have placed in in our brother oh Lord Jesus we will pull on it Lord so that we can be blessed and we oh Lord what a privileged people we are Lord we just want to take on that privilege oh Lord when we know who we are oh Lord Jesus it just settles it we are sitting in heavenly places Lord when we are with together Lord worshiping you in one mind and one accord. Oh God. Oh Lord help us Lord. It will be a seven course meal full complete Lord. Oh thank you Lord for for your word oh Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord for for all your blessings Lord. Oh that's only our hope Lord. It's in you oh Lord Jesus because you are living in us. &gt;&gt; Oh God help us now Lord. We want to worship you completely now. Lord, remove all cares of this world from us. Oh Lord Jesus, that we can focus on your word. We can focus on the worship completely and it will change us Lord. Little by little. Oh Lord Jesus, it's not immediate but we know Lord we will not underestimate that seed that will be planted in us because it will grow. Oh Lord, we are worthy but you made us worthy Lord. We are not worthy. Yes, &gt;&gt; but your word will make us worthy because you have elected us before the foundation of the world. Thank you, Lord Jesus. The mighty name of Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Maybe before we're seated tonight, just it's Friday night. A lot of us have had a lot of week long week. Why don't we just give the Lord a clap offering of praise? Just thank you, Lord, for this opportunity tonight. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. as her brother prayed a seven course meal. Why don't we just why don't we just dig in here tonight? Just encourage you. I'm a little worn out for the week, but let's not let that stop us from worshiping the Lord. You may have your seats tonight. I'm rejoicing night and day. Aren't you? Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the hand of God. In all my life, I see. Oh, for the reason of my bliss. Yes, the secret. All is this, that the comforter abides in me, the Holy Ghost himself. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelu. He abides in me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides in me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died on the tree. Then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comfort abides in me. Oh he abides. He abides. Oh halleluah. He abides in me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comforter abides in me. Oh, he is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since that comforter abides in me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides in me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way for the comfort of me. There's no thirsting for the things of this world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and instantly. All my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away now. The comforter abides in me. Oh yes, he abides. He abides. Oh hallelu, he abides in me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way. For the comfort abides in me. Oh yes, he abides. He abides. Oh hallelu, he abides in me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way. For the comforter abides in me. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. He abides in us. Blessed be his name. Based on that, how can we not start with a chorus? Oh, so here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. Oh light of the world, you step down into darkness. You open my eyes. Let me see this glorious word. Oh yes. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Oh my life spend with you. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh king of all days. Oh so highly exalt and above. Humbly you came to the earth. You created all for life's sake became poor. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonder. Oh, to me I compel a worshiply soul. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to be wonderful all together now. Oh, so here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And this is my desire to honor you. How do you think our husband feels about that tonight? Oh Lord, with all my heart, Lord, I worship you. Oh, and all I have within me, Lord, I give you praise. All that I adore, it's in you, [Music] oh Lord. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Applause] Lord, have your way. Give me, Lord, I give. Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, oh Lord, have your way in me. Stand with me if you would as we call our pastor. Let's start with a chorus. And I stand I stand in all of you. I stand I stand in all of you. Holy God to whom all praise is due. Lord, I stand in awe of you. Why do we tell our husband how we feel about him? Lord, you're beautiful beyond description. Lord, you're too marvelous for words. You're too wonderful for comprehension [Applause] like nothing ever seen or heard? Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depths of your love? For you are beautiful beyond description. Oh majesty and ru above. Oh Lord and I stand. I stand in the room. My holy God to all praise is due. I stand in awe of you. Amen. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord. It's wonderful to be together in his presence. We know he's already here according to his word. And we know that he said that if you abide in me and my words abide in you, then ask what you will. If we have a need tonight, I believe he is more than able and and willing. He wants to give us our desires. And you know, brothers and sisters, we have planned these meetings for this weekend for a year. We've had a year of anticipation. And we've had a year of prayer, a year of setting aside this time to see what the Lord will do. I believe we're under great expectation this weekend. And we know that he is more than able. If you have a need tonight, if you have a desire in your heart, maybe not even just tonight, but from this weekend, commit it to the Lord tonight and just see if he won't come on the scene and meet your need. We know that he said in the book of Mal in Malachi to just prove him in these things. Just try him and see if he won't come on the scene. Let's just go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, we're so honored, Lord, that we can still gather together this way that you've provided for us on this side of eternity. Lord, Father, I know the story that we talk about so many times where Gahiza was beside himself because of the enemy that was coming in, Lord, and he didn't know what to do. But because he was with your prophet and he had your word with him, the prophet was able to say, "Lord Jesus, just open his eyes." And Father, tonight I pray that you would just open our eyes, Lord. As this world grows so dim and evil around us, Father, we know that Lord, your word grows stronger and brighter in our lives, Father, your very life manifesting through your bride. Father, tonight we just want to ask, Lord, that you would come on the scene sovereignly, Lord, this weekend and that you would meet the needs in the hearts of your children because you said so, Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Oh, Father, we're so thankful that we could be here called according to your word to be here at the end of the Gentile dispensation to be the ones, Lord, that you have chosen, Lord, to manifest your life through. &gt;&gt; Father, we don't take that lightly. Lord, we thank you that we can be those ones. It doesn't make us anything, Father. If anything, it humbles us because we recognize it's all your grace. &gt;&gt; We're just able to recognize it. And father that causes a reaction. Oh Lord Jesus, we can't sit still. We have to give you praise. &gt;&gt; And we thank you for that desire. Lord, we just ask, Father, according to your word, that Lord Jesus, we know your word abides in us. And Father, we in you. And Lord, we just ask that you would sovereignly meet the needs in your hearts of your children tonight, Lord. Father, maybe in this service, maybe tomorrow, maybe over the course of the weekend, maybe through the the the conglomeration of the services, Lord, that something would be spoken, Lord. Something would happen that would trigger another level of your life in each and every one of our lives, Lord, that we would recognize who we are as our brothers already prayed. Because we know when that happens that truly the devil will be defeated. We know he's already defeated, but we need to recognize that for ourselves in our lives, Lord, for the battles that we fight. Father, one more time, we just want to ask that you would be with the Kirk family, Lord, in the United States. Lord, &gt;&gt; we know it's not right, but it's the age in which we live. And Father, we just are so thankful that you are more than able to to comfort the brokenhearted, Lord Jesus, in their time of need. Father, as we turn to you now, we just invite you, Father, to have the preeminence that you desire. Oh, Father, that we have been desiring, Lord, for a year now. That tonight, you would just speak to our hearts, Lord, that which we have need of. Father, we just want to ask that you would be glorified now and all that's said and done as we turn to your word, the highest part of the service. Father, we commit it now into your hands for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. So thankful to have brother Andrew Glover here tonight. I think it was probably about three years ago I met him in in North Carolina and uh I heard he was an evangelist and I thought you know we just something said to me invite him here and uh it has not been a disappointment. He now resides in Black Rockck Arkansas just outside of Black Rockck. His home church is brother Matt Morose, I believe his last name is. And uh that's his pastor there in Arkansas. And Lord willing, one day maybe we'll go visit him there. But our brother's here, we're certainly happy to have him here. &gt;&gt; He is a vessel that the Lord can use to speak through. So if you go to pulling on the word, there's no telling what could happen here tonight. &gt;&gt; And uh I just want to sing that song. It just was on my heart. Come and dine as we invite brother Andrew to come tonight. We've had a full seven age chorus meal. It's wellaged. It's perfectly aged for us. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and die. With his mana he does feed and supplies our every need. Oh sweetness up with Jesus all the time. Come and die the master call. Come and die at Jesus table all the time. He fed the multitude. He turned the water into wine. To the hungry calling out his disciples came to land. Thus made Christ command for the master called to them. Oh come he's still calling. They found their heart's desire. bread and fish upon the fire. Thus he satisfies the hungry every time. Come and find the master call and come and die. You make feast at Jesus table all the time. Let the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calling out come and die. Soon the lamb will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. They're there right now tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. all the saints his father's life and with Jesus we will feast eternally [Music] turn to the hungry. Call it now. Come and all this. Just sing it one more time. Oh, come and die. Call it come and die. Oh, you may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now. come and die. Amen. How many's come tonight to dine? Amen. There's one thing we know. The prophet of God told us what the gospel is. He said, you know, some make it a funeral procession. He said, then there's others that make it a frolic. He said, but the gospel is not a funeral procession. He said, it's not a frolic. He said, the gospel is a feast. And amen, I believe that's what we're doing here tonight is we're feeding on the unfailing realities of God. And Amen. I believe as we're feeding, we're getting stronger and stronger. And amen, the hold of the world is getting weaker and weaker. Amen. I I believe I believe it. Uh like this, we're just going to eat our way right out of this body into a new body. Amen. And we're going to be changed in the moment in the twinkling of an eye. Aren't you looking forward to that? Amen. There's nothing else in this world to look forward to. Amen. Outside of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. And amen. We want to say God bless you all tonight. It is a real honor to be here with you once again and good to see everyone out. We Amen. appreciate you making these efforts for these meetings and coming out on a Friday evening. I know there's a lot of things going on in the world, but amen, there's nothing more special to a believer than setting themselves aside and amen coming into the presence of the Lord. And amen, we want to just say it's a real honor to be here once again. We thank you, brother Barry, for this opportunity, invitation to come. And amen, to be here with brother Barry and his family and the assembly once again. Amen. I tell you, times like these are special. Amen. because they're they're more than just services, but they're uh they're festivals or their feast together in his presence. Amen. And we thank the Lord for that tonight. We want to bring you greetings from our church there at home by the Matt Morris and the saints at Grace Tabernacle there in Black Rockck, Arkansas send their greetings to you all tonight. So, we definitely want to do that. And maybe before we open the word, we could just bow our hearts. Amen. For a word of prayer. Amen. We've come tonight to start these meetings. Amen. We feel the the charge of expectation &gt;&gt; and intens anticipation. Amen. In the sanctuary tonight, I wonder how many would just say, "Lord, come by my way tonight and move me aside. Move my thoughts aside. And Lord, I don't want to hear from a man. I want to hear from you." I wonder how many would just join with me tonight in that realm of faith and believing God as we approach him tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here on this Friday evening, Father, Lord, to the world it would be foolish, Lord, it would be silly, Father. Lord, together in the house of God on a Friday evening, but Lord, your word said where the carcass is there, the eagles will be gathered together. And Lord, your same anointing moved upon Apostle Paul one day, and he said to forsake not the assembling of yourselves together. And Lord, he would even say that much more as we see the day approaching. Now Lord, we've not come here for just another service, Lord. We've not gathered here this weekend for just another set of meetings, Father. But Lord, we've gathered here for another Emmas road walk, Lord. We've gathered here to hear from our theophanes, Lord. Father, we've not come to be seen or to be heard, but oh God, we've come to worship you, Lord, to break out of the sensebound realm into that realm where all things are possible. And Lord, you see every believer that's here, every hand that has been raised, oh God. And Lord, behind that hand, there is a need. And I, Lord, as a man, have no way to minister to each and every need of your children. But Lord, I have confidence in your great anointing that if you will fill this room, Lord, with your shakina glory. And Lord, I'll get myself out of the way and become an instrument into your hand, Lord, that Father, you'll move throughout the congregation of believers. And Lord, you'll heal the sick bodies. &gt;&gt; And Lord, you'll fill the empty vessels, oh God. You'll break the chains of the enemy that would hold the children of God. Lord, I pray if there be one believer's faith that is paralyzed here tonight, Father, Lord, I pray there would come a resurrection to that faith tonight. And Lord, I pray that you would forgive us of our failures, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings. And Lord, as we endeavor to look into your word, may you send the spirit of wisdom and revelation into the building. And Lord, we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we want to invite you uh in the scripture to the book of Job, the 19th chapter. We're going to look here in Job chapter 19. And then we're also going to look in the book of Proverbs 29 and also 1 Peter chapter 1. Amen. We have just a few places we want to read here tonight. Amen. Beginning in Job chapter 19 and verse number uh 23. This is not a unfamiliar scripture to the believers. In Job chapter 29 or chapter 19 rather in verse 23 uh Job here is writing and he says oh that my words were now written. Oh that they were printed in a book that they were graven with an iron pen and led in the rock forever. For I know that my redeemer liveth. I I love Job's authority there. For I know that my redeemer liveth. One translation says my redeemer and my vindicator. I know that my redeemer liveth and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. And now watch this. And though after my then after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God, &gt;&gt; whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold and not another. Look here, though my reigns be consumed within me. Also in the book of Proverbs, the 29th chapter, Proverbs 29. It's a it's a very very familiar scripture. It's probably uh it's probably one of my favorite scriptures in the Bible. Proverbs 29:18. Uh the Bible here speaking Solomon writing in Proverbs 29:18. And he says, "Now where there is no vision, the people perish." Yes. &gt;&gt; Now that word vision where there is no revelation of God and his word. So where there is no revelation where there is no revelation of God no revelation of his word the people perish. But he that keepeth the law happy is he. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And one other place in first Peter chapter 1. 1 Peter chapter 1 and verse number eight. Amen. 1 Peter chapter 1 and verse number eight. uh Peter here writing in the New Testament. He says, "Whoming whom having not seen yet love in whom though now ye see him not yet believing ye rejoice with the joy unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. &gt;&gt; Receive in the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls, of which salvation the prophets have inquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you. Now, how many knows the prophet of God said you're a prophetic class of people. &gt;&gt; So, if you're a prophetic class of people following a prophetic word, that means that you have to have a prophetic grace. &gt;&gt; So, this is not any kind of grace. This is a prophesied grace. Look at verse 11. Searching what or what manner of time the spirit of Christ which was in them did signify when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow. And whom unto whom it was revealed that not unto themselves but unto us they did minister these things. You imagine ministering something and you couldn't even understand it. They ministered these things, but it was not revealed unto them, which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost, sent down from heaven, which things the angels desire to look into. Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind, be sober, and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. We ask the Lord this evening to bless the reading of his word as you can have your seats here this evening. If the Lord would help me tonight and I would uh take a title to speak to you here on something for a few moments. I want to title it this tonight. We have a vindicated forecast. Amen. We have a vindicated forecast. I want to maybe share with you here first Peter chapter 1 and verse number 13 from the amplified Bible. It says, "So prepare your minds for action. Be completely sober in spirit. steadfast, self-disciplined, spiritually and morally alert. Amen. I like that. Spiritually and morally alert. Fix your hope completely on the grace of God that is coming to you when Jesus Christ is revealed. Amen. I I believe tonight that we can say with a 100% assurance in our hearts that Jesus Christ has been revealed in this generation. Now uh I just want to read a quote and it's a bit lengthy but if you'll just give me a few moments here in 1955 and my redeemer liveth brother said I think of Job. He's the one that we're reading of a few moments ago. He said Job looked forward to this morning when he was old. He was stricken in age and his flesh was simply falling from his body from sores. His heart amen was broken in grief and every mortal part of his being amen was withering away. I want you to notice this. Every part of his being was withering away. He was at his wit's end. Everything was gone seemingly. Amen. His body was gone. His property was gone. Amen. His children was gone. All that he had was gone. He said, "But then God in his mercy come down to Job." Amen. And he give him another sense. Isn't that something? Amen. That here's Job at his end of mortality. Amen. But then God, the immortal God, the infinite God, Amen, would come down to Job and would give him another sense that he could open his eyes and he could see. Amen. The day that there would be a body he would receive. Now look here. Job had more than just I hope so. Amen. I have a feeling there will be. He said, but Job had a positive. He he said, I know that my redeemer liveth. The positive side of it. Amen. No more in the negative. It's all positive. And if today we only have a cross on top of the church, amen. Amen. To show that if that that we believe in Christ's death and burial and resurrection, if we only have a few dead bodies laying underneath the church that some of the saintly people were buried in. Amen. We only have that as a hope. Amen. Then we are among all men most miserable. He said, "But today, amen. We don't have the dead bodies." Amen. that we have the resurrected spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ that he has rose from the dead triumphant. It's not no more I guess so. Amen. You could look at a cross and guess. You could you could look at a body laying in the ground and say I guess. But when the vision that struck Job has ever become a reality, amen, the resurrection of the Lord Jesus by the Holy Spirit in the heart, then you can say, "I know my redeemer liveth." I I find it amazing that Job here actually 4,000 years, Amen. before the coming of the son of God. Amen. Job by vision saw the resurrection. And I love it. He did not just see the resurrection by vision. Amen. But he received an assurance. Amen. By the vision he was going to be there. Amen. He did not just see the Lord raised, but he received Amen. an assurance by the vision that he was going to be there. I I'll say it like this. I believe that Job, amen, received a vindicated forecast, amen, of the future. Now, when you look there at that word forecast, it means a prophecy or an estimate. It is a prediction of a future happening, amen, or condition. It means to predict. Amen. Or to estimate a future event or trend. It is to indicate as likely to occur. Amen. I love what the prophet of God will say. Amen. He'll say, "A vision is the forecast of future events." Amen. It foretells the thing. Amen. Before it happens, he said, "Now man cannot just be hands laid on him or shook up and give a gift." Amen. He is born with that gift. It is born in him when he's born. Amen. Before he's born. Another place you'll say a vision is the word of God. Amen. It's something foretold. Amen. a forecast of an event. He said, "And a vision the prophets had and Jesus had and Paul had." Amen. All of them tell of this day. Amen. Was a forecast of what would happen. And here we see the forecast. Amen. Being made manifest and that people don't even recognize it. Now, I find it amazing when brother Brandon preaches the seven church ages. Remember, he lays out all seven church ages. He said, "Now the forecast, Amen, of what God is going to do for the churches, Amen, and through the churches." So when a prophet was preaching, Amen. the revelation of the seven church ages, he was preaching a forecast, amen, of what God was going to do for the churches, amen, and through the churches. When you when you read in the Old Testament, you will hear these words, "Thus sayaith the Lord." How many loves those words? Amen. Thus sayaith the Lord. He said it's recorded more than 2,000 times. He said, "So then the Bible is thus saith the Lord." Amen. By the prophets, he said, "They took Christ spirit upon themselves and they forecast the events, amen, that would come to pass." So here they are thousands of years ago, amen, but by vision they're able to forecast, amen, things that are going to happen, amen, in the day that you're living in. He said, "Now they actually, the readers would read it and they would think that the prophets, Amen, was actually speaking of themselves." He said, "But many times they were actually speaking of you." Amen. Now, how did this Bible, Amen, how did this prophecy get to us? The Bible said that the prophecy came not at old time, amen, by the will of man, but holy men of God spake. Amen. As they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Amen. I love that word moved. Amen. Because it don't mean moved outwardly. Amen. It means they were moved inwardly. Amen. They were not moved by what was happening around them. Amen. To write unto you of the things that would happen in the age you're living in. But rather there was something on the inside of them that was moving them that was causing them to prophesy. Amen. Of the day you're living in. I I say it's beautiful prophecy. Amen. Brother said if it's the true word of God, amen, it cannot fail. Amen. Glory. That ought to make you put your shouting shoes on. Amen. Amen. If it's true prophecy, Amen. It cannot fail. Now, amen. When you start thinking about forecast, your mind automatically goes, Amen. Amen. To the weather forecast, right? Amen. How many knows that there is actually a natural forecast, amen, as well as a spiritual forecast. Amen. I find it amazing that that in the Bible, in Matthew 16 as well as Luke 12, Amen. The Bible actually speaks of the weather forecast. And when it speaks of it, it says this. Amen. That you are able to discern, Amen. the face of the skies. Amen. But you cannot discern the signs of the times. Amen. I love it because, Amen. When the Bible speaks of that weather forecast, Amen. It's speaking of people who have the ability to discern the forecast of the weather. Amen. But they lack spiritual discernment. So they can tell you when it's going to rain. They can tell you when the sun is going to shine. They can tell you when all these things are going to happen. Amen. But they have forsaken the greatest discernment they need. Amen. And that is spiritual discernment. And let me tell you tonight as the elected overcomers. How many overcomers have I got here? Amen. Do you realize you did not choose to be an overcomer? But if you are an overcomer, God chose you. Amen. by election from before the foundation of the world to be an overcomer in the age. Amen. That he would positionally place you in. Listen church. God did not just send a prophet, amen, to say that this age was going to be wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. He did not just forecast the conditions of this age, but he also forecasted that there would be some overcomers who would overcome this age and they would sit with him in his throne. Amen. I say as the elected overcomers in this age, Amen. We must have spiritual discernment. Amen. It's not an option. I love what Paul would say. He would say, "The natural man receiveth not the things, Amen, of the spirit of God." Amen. For they are foolish unto him, and neither can he know them because they are spiritually discerned. I love that word spiritually. It means by the aid of the Holy Ghost. Amen. That word discern, it means to examine. Amen. It means to estimate. It means to scrutinize. It means to determine. Amen. The excellence or the defects of any person or thing. Brother said, "We have an order from God." Amen. Is for the discerning of spirit. Amen. Trying the spirit. Now, I'll say this. We are to discern the spirit. Amen. By the spirit. Amen. I don't know, brothers in the sound booth, if you can put it back in my ear monitor the way it was when I come out. It was good. And just leave it there. Amen. We are to discern by the spirit. Now, we're not to discern by the flesh. We're not discern by what group somebody comes out of. We are to discern by the spirit because behind everything there is an excellency or there is a defect. Now, I love it because John would say, "Beloved, Amen. believe not every spirit. Amen. But try the spirits whether they are of God because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Paul would write to Timothy and he would say having a form of godliness. Amen. But denying the power thereof he said from such turn away. Brother Bram comes along and said Paul promised in the last days by the Holy Spirit that the church would fall away. Millions of them listen there will come a fallen away. Amen. So Paul was prophesying, amen, by the vindicated word that there was going to be a fallen away. He said there'll be despisers of those that are good. He said not the right discernment. Oh, you say that's communist. No, that's so-called Christians. He says, now watch the next verse. They will have a form of godliness. Amen. But will deny the power thereof. Amen. See, there is no spiritual discernment. Because when you got spiritual discernment and the Holy Ghost is upon you, you have spiritual discernment. And it says amen to every promise of God. I say I say tonight, folks, it is time to forget man-made theology. It is time to forget religion. It is time to forget the ideas of theology. Amen. And cry out to God. Amen. For the spiritual power. Amen. And for the spiritual discernment. Amen. We're not just living in another age, church. We are living in the fulfillment of the vindicated forecast that has been given of this age. Amen. You all know in Luke 17:30 that Jesus stood there and he said as it was in the days of Sodom. Amen. So shall it be in the coming of the son of man. Brother Ram come along and said the police amen and the homicides and all that. Amen. Is just on the go all the time. Amen. Breaking up boys living together. Husband and wife women living the same way. He said perverted. Amen. Their minds are filthy minds. Amen. Because they don't have spiritual discernment. Amen. All is a lust. How many knows that's right? &gt;&gt; How are you awake? How many knows that's what the world you're living in? All is a lust. All is a field. Amen. And they cannot satisfy themselves even with one another. He said they don't even marry. They just take up and go out until they're perverted. Amen. But Jesus said that it would be in the last days. Now watch this. Jesus spoke that. Amen. all the way back in Luke 17. He said, "The signs and the conditions of Sodom and Gomorrah will return." He said that back in Luke 17 and many theologians looked at it and they probed at it and they tried to figure it out. But God would send a prophet on the scene and he would say, "Now Jesus said this there." He said, "But here it is." In other words, it's not coming. Amen. You're living in the condition of it. Amen. I'll say, "Thank God for spiritual discernment." Amen. Spiritual discernment is not guessing something is right and guessing something is wrong but it is knowing what is right and it is knowing what is wrong. And it takes spiritual discernment to know amen what truth is. I love what Jesus said. He said you shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. Brother said if you could see God's word and still don't think it's the truth then there's something wrong with your spiritual discernment. Any man could read a newspaper if he's got any spiritual discernment about him at all and can see that we're at the end. Amen. The hour is here. There is nothing left for us. Amen. But the coming of the Lord Jesus, he said some people go out and say, "Oh, that might be a thousand years from today." He said, "I don't believe that." He said, "I believe this generation will see the coming of the Lord Jesus. If this generation doesn't do it, now watch this. I want to preach to the young people that they'll be looking for it in their generation. Listen, he said, I want to preach to the young people that they'll be looking for it in their generation. In other words, I want to preach the forecast because this is not the ideas of a man. This is the hour when God is fulfilling his word. He said, I want to build Amen. I'll say it like this. I want to build a spiritual expectation. Amen. I want to give a spiritual forecast. Amen. To the young people. How many knows that Paul prophesied and said, "We shall not all sleep, &gt;&gt; but we shall all be changed." He said, "In the moment, in the twinkling of an eye, remember that?" Do you realize tonight there's not one Corinthian alive. Amen. There's not one Thessalonian alive. Amen. But somebody has got to fulfill that scripture. Amen. So God through a prophet forecasted he prophesied there would be a rapture. But he did not prophesy that there would be a rapture and everybody would be dead at the time of the rapture. He said some are going to go by the way of the grave but there's going to be some alive and remain. And I want to say to you tonight, God made a promise all the way back there to the Corinthians and the Thessalonians. But here you are tonight. And I believe I'm looking at the people who will fulfill, Amen, the promise of God that was prophesied years ago. Listen, I don't think it's time to let the prophecy become stale. I don't think it's time to let the message become stale. Amen. I think it's time to keep the expectation, amen, of the fulfillment of the prophecy of God, amen, fresh in our hearts. Amen. Brother tell us in the last days, he said, I love this term. He said, "God promised prophets." Amen. Now, you all know in Exodus 23:20, the Bible said, "Behold, I send an angel before thee." Amen. To keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. In Malachi 4:5 and 6, he said, "Behold, I will send you, Amen, a lie to the prophets before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." Amen. Now, watch this. Watch the forecast, okay? And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers. Amen. Lest I would come and smite the earth with a curse. Amen. Now watch this. In Ephesians 4, he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and some teachers. Now listen, that's not the forecast, church. That's a part of it. But the forecast said, "For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ, that we henceforth be no more children, amen, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine." Amen. But look in verse 15. but speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things which is the head even Christ. Amen. So there is going to be winds of doctrine. There was going to be winds of confusion. But the same forecast that said there was going to be winds of doctrine. There was going to be deception of man. It also forecasted that there was going to be a people who was going to be positionally placed by the ministry of the hour that they were living in. And they were not going to be carried about with every wind of doctrine, but they were going to have a solid place, amen, to stand upon on the word of God. Amen. If a man comes and he has a great gift. He said, no matter if he belongs to our denomination, don't judge him by what denomination he come from. Don't judge him how he dresses, but you want to see what is he trying to do with that gift, &gt;&gt; what purpose he has. If he's trying to take his influence and build himself a great name out of it, he said I would have discernment enough, amen, to know it was wrong. He said, "Now, no matter how great a teacher he is, how powerful he is, how intellectual he is, or how his gift operates, if he isn't trying to achieve something for the benefit of the body of Christ, then your own spiritual discernment would tell you that it's wrong. No matter how accurate, no matter how perfect, how it's been, if it's wrong, if it isn't used for the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, how many knows that there was a Moses, amen, that brought Israel out of Egypt? But then there was a Joshua who took him into the promised land. And I love it because the prophet of God will call Joshua, he'll say Joshua the new leader. He'll say he positionally placed, Amen. I love this. the tribes of Israel. And he divided the land of inheritance. Amen. Now, how did he do it? He did not do it by his personality, saints. He did not do it by how well that he could rehearse the quotes of Moses under the children of Israel. But he positionistly placed them by spiritual discernment. Then they said, then watch. He said, then they remained in their place and they became the cream of the crop. Amen. I love it because spiritual discernment, amen, is more than a goosebump. It's more than an eerie feeling. It's more than an emotion or a sensation. But spiritual discernment is spiritual revelation of God. And Jesus said, "Flesh and blood has not revealed this unto you." Hey, but my father which is in heaven said, "Now watch." Amen. And see where the gates of hell is against. It ain't against the denomination. It ain't against a religion. Amen. It's against the spiritual revelation of Christ being here now, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh, but I love it. He said, that's where the church is missing it today. It's that spiritual discernment to see what God's a doing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we're not just looking at what God has done. We're not just looking at what God will do. Amen. They look way over the top for something here that's going on right before them. and it'll be passed before you know it. Now, I love it because brother Ram will establish in the message. He'll establish many beautiful what I call spiritual principles. Amen. Amen. He'll call them like this. How many knows this one? Amen. We get what we expect. Amen. We get what we expect. Amen. Here's one I like. Amen. I don't. He said, "Now, don't you miss it." He said, "Man now is like he's always been. He's praising God for what he's done. He's looking forward to what he will do. and he is ignoring what he done and is doing. He praises God for what he has done. He looks forward to what he's going to do, but he ignores what God is doing. Now listen, and there he misses the whole thing. So if you cannot discern by the spirit of God the hour that you're living in and the promises that God has made for that hour, then you're going to miss the manifestation of God in the hour you're living in. He said, "Now may he in his power come through this audience of people wherever you are and with his spiritual discernment, Amen, show you that he is the word." Amen. I want to make an announcement to you tonight, church. We're not looking for a forecast. We're not looking for a vision. As a matter of fact, we're looking at a vision. Amen. We have a vision. Where there is no vision, the people perish. I love that word vision because it means oracle. It means prophecy. Amen. It's a divine communication. So where there is no divine communication, the people will perish. Brother Ram comes along and he says, "Now what is the seer? What is a vision?" It's another dimension. See, it's outside. Amen. The five, it's a six sense. Again, he'll say, "What is a vision?" Someone has asked me many times, "Brother Brandon, are you impressed to say certain things or do you just think it in your mind?" He said, "No, sir. I see it. It's just there. It's like I'm looking at you just the same as you are. Only you know you're standing here. Yet you may be 40 years back in somebody's life. Amen. Seeing what taking place. You even see the way they're dressed and positionally and everything. He said, "Then I have to talk." Now watch this. What is a vision? He said, "A vision is God." Are you with me? A vision is God by a word of knowledge dropping to the person to foresee or foresee something with something. Amen. Tells something that has been or something that will be. So when someone has a vision, they are actually seeing what has been and they're seeing what has been or they're seeing what will be. Listen church, a vision is not seeing what is. You can see what is right now. But if you're going to see beyond, oh God, if you're going to see beyond what is, you're going to have to have a vision to see what's coming in the future or to see what's behind you. Listen, the church of the living God is not going backwards. Amen. She does not go back. Amen. She has one direction and that direction is onward and upward. &gt;&gt; Amen. When you're in the middle of something, when you're in a trial, when you're in a situation, Amen. That's when you need a vision. Amen. When you're sick, amen, that's when you need a vision. When you're discouraged, amen, that's when you need a vision. When you don't know the future, and when everything looks like it's falling apart, amen, that's the time you need a vision. Oh, but as I read earlier, I love it. Amen. God in his mercy. Are y'all with me tonight? Amen. Job is sitting on the ash heap, saints. He's on the ash heap. His children are gone. His house is gone. His livestock is gone. Everything is gone. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said, "Every mortal part of him is withering away." He said, "Now watch. But God in his mercy gave Job another sense." &gt;&gt; Now, now I love this because another sense is the sixth sense. &gt;&gt; Another sense is the super sense. Hebrews 11:1, now faith is the substance of things hoped for. Amen. It's the evidence of things not seen. In Galatians 2:19, I love what Paul says. He said, "For I through the law am dead to the law that I might live unto God." Now, now watch this. Paul is alive, but he's dead. He said, "I am crucified with Christ. Now, nevertheless, I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." He said, "And the life which I now live," now listen. I live in the flesh. Now, come on, church. When Paul got saved, he did not get a new flesh. He did not become an angel. He remained Paul in the same flesh that killed Christians. In the same flesh that crucified people for believing in the name of God. But I love what he says. He said, "But I now live in the flesh. I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me." Can I say it to you like this? I believe what Paul is saying. Amen. is in one sense I am dead but in another sense I'm alive. In one sense I'm dead but in another sense I am alive. Somebody say in one sense &gt;&gt; I am dead. &gt;&gt; I am dead. &gt;&gt; But in another sense &gt;&gt; I'm alive. Amen. I love that phrase. In one sense but in another sense. You know what that refers to? It refers to the different ways that we perceive amen. The world through our five senses. Now, the best example I know of, brother Ram gives it to us in the message, he said, "Now, like today, if some of you ladies were at home and the express agent would come by, he would say, "How do you do, Miss John Doe?" You would say, "Yes." Well, I have something here for you. And you would look at it. Now, you would look at it. Are you with me? You would look at it and it's a great big box of rattlesnakes. Well, what a present. Amen. There's your name tacked on them. Now, look here. These are yours. Brother Bradam says, "Are they?" Amen. Are they? He said, 'Well, in one sense, they're yours, but in another sense, they're not. Amen. In one sense, by sight, you can see your name on them, but in another sense, they're not yours. Now, you say, "I don't want them." Well, they're yours because your name's on them. He said, "Well, that's one way it's yours, but it still isn't yours until you sign for it. And if you don't sign for it, then he will have to take it back. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. They're yours as long as you can see your name on them. Amen. But if you can receive another sense, Amen. If the spiritual discernment will take over and you know what's in that box, then by that discernment, you're able to discern. Amen. The defect that's behind what the devil's trying to get you to sign for. Hey, I'll say it like this. Amen, brother Brandham. Now, now discernment, right? Amen. Is to discern, Amen. the excellency or the defect. I love it. In 1963, he says, "Now, Brother Brandham, could Jesus look like you or you be Jesus or something like that?" Well, one sense of the word, that's exactly the truth, but another sense of the word is an antichrist. Amen. So, in one sense of the word, it was the truth, but in another sense of the word, it's an antichrist. He said, "Now that's the difference between right and wrong to make me the person of the Lord Jesus Christ would be an antichrist." See, for that the person of the Lord Jesus is sitting at the right hand of the majesty on high and will come again in great power and glory. But for his life, listen, but for his life that was in him. Amen. Being upon me and upon you who have him, it's exactly the truth because you become Christ. Amen. So Jesus was more than just a man. Amen. He was a God man. The prophet of God said he was man in one sense. He was God in another sense. He was man in flesh but in spirit he was God. Now I love this because we've taken it from our Lord Jesus and we brought it down to our prophet. Amen. But let's bring it on down to the believer. He said if man he is in one sense a miniature creator if he is a child of God because the spirit of God is in him who controls him and who operates him. He said we are carnal and that part must perish but then inside we are a spirit man. There's a soul on the inside. He said and that's faith in God's word. Church of the living God. You got a soul on the inside of you. And that soul is not an emotion. That soul is not a feeling. That soul is not a good day or a bad day. That soul is faith in God's forecast. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That soul on the inside of you is faith in God's word. He said, "Then we bring our outside body under subjection to the word by faith." How do we bring this outside body under the subjection to the word by faith? He says by accepting, glory to God, &gt;&gt; by accepting what God said. Now, I love this because that word sense, it's an ability to understand or to recognize, to value, or react to something. I find it amazing because as we as we look here, you all know we have five outer senses, right? We have see, taste, feel, smell, and hear. And then we have five inner senses, which is imagination. Amen. Conscience, memory, reason, and affection. Now, I love this because the prophet of God said those five inner and outer senses, they were not given you to guide you. He said, but they were given for earthly contact. Now, listen. The body, the flesh is controlled by five outer senses. Right? Yeah. &gt;&gt; The spirit, the inside man is controlled by five inner senses. But underneath that flesh and underneath that spirit, there's a soul. And brother said, it's controlled by one or two, either faith or unbelief. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now watch this. Faith then is the six sense. It's the only direct and positive sense. And if you're possessed with faith, he said, "Faith is just as much reality to you as sad is. Whatever your senses yield to will dominate you." I love this because he said, "See, Amen. the six sense only belongs to the Christian." He said, "And you cannot have this six sense until you become a Christian is the only way you can ever have any more than the five natural senses for the natural person." He said, "The sixth sense is better known to the Christian as faith. It's the one that governs and guides you, and it is superior to all the other senses." Listen, the six sense, I love this. Amen. The sixth sense cannot lie. Don't that make you feel good? Amen. The sixth sense cannot lie. He said, "And the super sense, I love this. Is the Holy Spirit, the faith of God, Amen, that dwells in you. And if you'll let the five senses be yielded to the six sense, it'll guide you and bring all the other five senses under the control of the super sense. For it's so far above the natural sense. Listen, it makes you believe things that you cannot see. It makes you act where you do not think the five senses would ever think about. He said, now listen, the devil can get into these five senses and he can lie to you, but he cannot touch that super sense. Amen. &gt;&gt; The devil can get into your five outer and inner senses and lie to you through those senses, but he cannot get into that super sense. It's far beyond his reach. He said that comes from God. Amen. I love this because he said, "See, Amen. It's that sixth sense." He said, "It will deliver that word to you and will make you walk contrary to any other thing there is but God's word." He said, "Oh, I'm talking about the six sense." He said, "Casting down reasonings, you walk by that six sense." Amen. You talk by that six sense. You live by that six sense. He said, "You die by that six sense. And you rise by that six sense." Are y'all hearing me? Amen. You don't just walk and live and talk and go to church and die by that six sense. Amen. But there is a connection, amen, between lifting power and that six sense. He said, "See, in a natural man's senses are all right if they can be brought into submission to the six sense." He said, "But if it reads and says it's not all the word of God, or it was, it's something. It was one time, but it isn't now." He said, "Then that six sense comes in and says he's the same yesterday, today, and forever." Amen. I love this. The six sense, I hope this is okay. Amen. The six sense has come upon the human being to make them deny anything that's contrary to the word of God. Amen. What is the word of God, saints? The word of God, Amen, is the forecast. Amen. He said, see, than that super sense, it's a greater sense. It's a power that stirs and drives. It's something that makes you do things that you never thought you would do. Amen. It's a six sense. Amen. And it's the super sense. I love this. And it only feeds on the word of God. Hallelujah. The only thing the six sense feeds on, Amen, is not emotion, it's not feelings or sensation, but the six sense feeds on the word of God. Now, I love it because brother Brown will automatically turn and he'll begin to rehearse to you the testimony of how there were two women who come through a prayer line one time and he said one come through, she had a gorder on her neck. He said the other come through and she had a stomach trouble. He said they now they walked through the same prayer line. Remember that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They both walked through the same prayer line. He said, "And both of them were confessed." Amen. By the spirit of the Lord that they were healed. He said one walked out with the gorder and the other walked out with the stomach trouble. Do you all realize it was two weeks? Are you with me? &gt;&gt; It was two weeks went by and she still had the gorder and one still had the stomach trouble. But I want you to catch something. Amen. But their faith had already taken a hold. They could still see the gorder. She could still feel the stomach trouble. She could still feel all the symptoms. But there was a greater sense that had moved into her soul. And it was a superior sense. It was a s Oh, glory. It was a sense of faith that had come in her. Listen, church. He said, and they come through there. And he said one morning, he said she got up and her kid went to school. And he said unconsciously. Amen. She finished the breakfast. Amen. And then she said, "Well, I kept that down." She said, "I'm going to give it the acid test and she went over and she drank a cup of coffee." He said, "And it stayed down." Brother Paul, he said she be to shout and she began to rejoice and she was healed. And she took off running up the street. Amen. To her friend's house and she went in there and that woman was shaking the sheets. She said, "What are you doing?" She said, "Oh my." She said, "I woke up this morning and I looked in the mirror and the gorder was completely calm." She said, "I'm trying to find it. I'm trying to find the gorder." Oh, I love a prophet. He said, "Now, what was it?" He said, "They were standing in the meeting. They were hearing the same word preached. They come to the same prayer line." He said, "The sixth sense was catching it. And then the six sense, are y'all hearing me? the six sense and the Holy Spirit was standing side by side. Hallelujah. He said the Holy Spirit was speaking and the six sense was saying amen. Oh, I say thank God that when I don't feel like back in the word, when I don't feel like amening, when I don't feel like worshiping, when I don't feel like praising God, I say thank God that God in his mercy would come down and would give me another sense. It's beyond the way I think. It's beyond the things I can see. It's beyond the things I can hear. I have broke out into a realm of faith. It's not a natural realm. It's not an educational realm. It's a supernatural realm where the only thing controlling is the faith of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm talking about another sense, church. I'm talking about you can be in the darkest trial of your life and let that sick sense begin to speak over you. [Applause] My goodness. &gt;&gt; See, look what happened. The Holy Spirit was speaking. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And the sixth sense &gt;&gt; was amening. &gt;&gt; Church of the living God. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you why some of y'all are still here tonight? It's cuz sometimes your five senses, they don't amen, &gt;&gt; but the six sense does. Sometimes you don't feel like going to church. &gt;&gt; You don't feel like reading your Bible. &gt;&gt; You don't feel like praying. You don't feel like worshiping. Amen. But there's another sense on the inside of you that is predicting your future. &gt;&gt; Now, I love it because because in 2 Corinthians 4:7, I love what Paul says. You all know it. He said, "Now we have this treasure in earth and vessels, &gt;&gt; that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us." Now, we have this excellency. We have this treasure in earth and vessels. How many earthn vessels have I got here tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Six of you. &gt;&gt; We don't have no angels. &gt;&gt; Contrary to popular belief, that's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; We got earth and vessels. But I can take the word of God &gt;&gt; and by the word of God, I can spiritually discern what's on the inside of those earth and vessels. &gt;&gt; See, I can see what's on the inside of those earthn vessels is the power of God. &gt;&gt; Now, now I say this, I love verse eight because it says this. It says, you know, we are troubled on every side. Anybody? &gt;&gt; Anybody testify that? &gt;&gt; We are troubled on every side &gt;&gt; yet not distressed. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I love this. We are perplexed, &gt;&gt; but not in despair. &gt;&gt; I love verse 9. We are persecuted, &gt;&gt; but we are not forsaken. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? We are cast down, but we're not destroyed. Somebody say, "Oh, bless God. I'm not troubled." Well, the Bible said you are. The Bible Come on, church. The Bible said you're troubled on every side. You say, "Bless God. Amen. I'm too spiritual." No. Let's say what the Bible says. The Bible said from the preacher, amen, to the deacon to the lay member, we're troubled on every side, but yet we're not distressed. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you what it is? It's the excellency of the power of God. Hallelujah. It's the excellency of the power of God. It's another sense. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Can I read it to you like I'm really seeing it? Amen. In one sense, we are troubled on every side, but in another sense, we're not distressed. Hey, glory to God. In one sense, we are perplexed, but in another sense, we are not in despair. In one sense, we are persecuted. &gt;&gt; But in another sense, we are not forsaken. &gt;&gt; In one sense, church, we are cast down, but in another sense, we are not destroyed. &gt;&gt; My then what are you talking about? I'm talking about a vision has come to the church. I'm talking about a vindicated word has come into your heart to confess the f to confess the father. Amen. Of your life is the word of God. &gt;&gt; Now, now I just got to say what Paul said. Paul said, "A vision is an oracle of God." &gt;&gt; I love what Peter says. He says, "If any man speaks, then let him speak as the oracles of God. And if any man minister, he said, 'Now let him do it as of the ability which God giveth. Now I love this because the prophet of God is going to say something beautiful. He's going to say, "Oh God, take the clay, the voice of mortal beings, and speak, Lord, the oracles of God." I love what he says here. He said, "Blessed Father, we are indeed grateful to thee for this time of fellowship together around the word and these holy oracles of God. And may as we partake of them by the reading and the hearing, may the Holy Spirit inspire them to our hearts. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That when we leave today, we would say like those from Emmas, it was good for us to be here. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Our hearts burned within us because he talked to us in that way. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I love this because in the message the church choosing law for grace, he said, "But Joshua, he took the oracles of God." Now watch this. And he marched over into the promised land. Listen. He said, "And I want you to get built up now in this holy oracles of God in the faith. The faith of this hour, the faith, it's going to take more faith than ever was in any age for this has to be rapturing faith." So then our vision, church, amen, is not a Pentecostal preacher, amen, coming among the church with a gift trying to tell you about your future. Our vision is the oracles of God. It's the spiritual forecast. Can I just get it out there? It's the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Now, I say this to you. How can you have a weather forecast without a weatherman? &gt;&gt; And how can you have a message without a messenger? That's right. &gt;&gt; And how can you have a prophecy without a prophet? I love what Amos says. He says, "Surely the Lord God will do nothing but he revealth his secrets unto his servants, the prophets." Now, I love this because the prophet said, "See, they had understanding through the word of the Lord." Amen. By the prophet, he said, "Do you see the prophet is a special man? He foresees way off. He sees the thing that is coming. He sees the cup of God's wrath full before it is filled. And he can say, "Thus sayaith the Lord." Listen, he ain't looking at what's going on here. He's looking yonder and he's saying it's coming. He can go so high. He said the world will be dark. He's up high enough the sun's shining out, but he sees the shade that is coming. And he's saying what he's looking at. Now listen. He's saying it ain't here yet. It ain't here yet, but it'll sure be here. &gt;&gt; Amen. See, the prophet's looking off and he's seeing something. He's talking about what he's looking at. He is thinking about here and what you look like now. No, he's looking at what's going to be. Come on, church. Amen. How would you feel if your pastor preached to you the way you come to church looking? &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. Somebody might as well preach. &gt;&gt; Amen. You come to church looking like I just got to preach. You come to church looking like the world's sitting on your shoulders. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it takes brother Paul 30 minutes to get one peep out of you. Amen. Because because you're going through something and we get that. Amen. But do you know why now? Now you imagine what kind of services you'd have if your pastor preached at you looking at the things you're going through. Wow. &gt;&gt; He got up and said, "Man, it's just bad and it ain't getting no easier and everything's getting harder and trials are getting harder and pressures are getting harder and I know. Let's just have an open mic service and pass the mic around and you tell me what you're going through and I'll tell you what I'm and and before long it'd be so heavy in here. You could hardly breathe. &gt;&gt; But see, if you're going to if you're going to make it, you got to look at something beyond what's happening now." He said, "See, and when he speaks that, if it's in the word of the Lord, it's already been spoke." Listen. And there's nothing in the world can stop it. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? The vision is coming from the word of God. And if it's coming from the word of God, there's nothing can stop it. He said, see, when God sends himself to an age, Amen. I love this. When God sends his message to an age, do you all realize that message becomes the leadership of that age? He said, now watch. Only the elect, Amen, will follow that message. Now, Amen. I just got to hurry here. But I find it amazing. Amen. That when you start looking at forecast, Amen. A forecast is usually it's usually Amen. coming to you in a paper form or a radio form. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Now, how many of you already know that there's there is there is pillars in this message? &gt;&gt; Mighty men of God that have carried this message and preached it &gt;&gt; and the way they heard it was on the radio. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. How many of you all know that there are men of God in this message, Amen, that the way they command this message was they found it in a book form? &gt;&gt; There's a there's a man over in West Virginia, brother, he's gone on to Glory now, Brother McKim, he told me one time, he said, "Brother Andrew," he said, "I got the message." He said, "How I got it was I was working at the post office and he said, there was a trash bucket there and he said, one day I saw a man walk by and he took something and threw it in the trash can and he kept on walking." He said, "I followed him." And he said, "I reached in the trash can and pulled out what he threw in there." And he said, "It was the seven church ages book." He said, "One man's trash was another man's treasure." &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Now watch. But but our spiritual forecast has come to us in book and tape form. How many can agree? Amen. When you look there then, Amen. I find it amazing. Amen. Because the spiritual forecast is broadcast. You know, brother Re said the message will be broadcast. Amen. Look at this word broadcast. It means to transmit. Amen. A program or some information by radio or television. I love this. To broadcast, brother Barry. It means to scatter seeds. It means to tell something to many people to make it widely known. Now, I got to keep breaking it down because another word for broadcast is sow. So, a forecast is broadcast, which means you're scattering seeds. And while you're scattering those seeds, Amen. you're sewing those seeds. Amen. That's why Jesus said, "Behold, a swer went forth to sow." Jesus would also say, "And the seed is the word of God." I love this inspoken word is the original seed. He said, "Now, of course, the messenger of Malachi 4, he will plant the seed of the entire Bible." Amen. Plum from the serpent to the messenger in the former reign. Now, I love this. He said, "Now, the book is different. It's a the Bible is a different book from any other sacred book. There is no book like the Bible because the Bible is God in word form. He said, "Now see this book of prophecy, it is foretelling the future events." Do you all realize church? He said, "I'm doing the best I can. I'm going to this corner sewing seed and over here sew a few seed and over here throw sew a few seed." I know. He says, I know the fouls of the air are going to gather many of them up and some of them choke and so forth, but there might be a few in there come up too. Hallelujah. There's going to be some that's going to be gathered by the fouls. There's some that's going to be choked by the cares of the world. He said, "Oh, but then there's some good ground." Amen. So, let's just sew the seed. Amen. That's the main thing. Amen. Now, you all know the prophet said three seeds have been sown, right? He said, "There's a denominational seed that's been swn by Billy Graham." He said, "There's a Pentecostal seed and it's been sown by or Roberts." He said, "But then the messenger of Malachi 4 is going to sew the unadulterated, the undiluted." Amen. The perfect word. He's going to sew the word seed. Now listen, that's going to be the difference then in a leadyan age and a bride age. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Brother Ram taught that. And let me tell you what he said. He said, "The Leodysian age, church age, is the Pentecostal organization, which all goes right straight into the mark of the beast." But thank God, between the coming of the son of God and the coming of the son of David, there was a Luke 17:30 forecast that there would be a return of the son of man. And the return of the son of man would be a shout, which would be 1 Thessalonians 4. And with that shout, a prophet would identify, amen, that the shout is the message. Hallelujah. And what's the message doing? It's calling you out. Hallelujah. It's calling you out. He said, now see, Amen. Watch this. A prophet stands on the scene and he says, I believe there's something coming. He said, there's a double portion of the church. He said, I feel that down in my heart. 1958, a prophet stand there. He says, now my ministry is changing. He said, there's something coming. Amen. That's great and wonderful. But now watch in 1962 he changes brother Mvin from saying that there's something coming to he says now see my ministry is to declare him he is here. &gt;&gt; It's coming. &gt;&gt; It's coming. &gt;&gt; It's coming. It's coming. But it takes a forecast. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? Yeah, &gt;&gt; anybody can look at the weather map &gt;&gt; and say a storm is coming. &gt;&gt; But it takes a weatherman &gt;&gt; to say there's the storm and it's moving that way and it's coming that way &gt;&gt; and it's going out that way and it's going to hit right here. Church of the living God. &gt;&gt; He said if the great Holy Spirit the unseen now if the senses of faith will declare him to me. He's brought the senses of faith and his word has brought it so close in this last days till he's got the picture of it there. He said, "Now listen now. He's here. I know he's here. My faith says he's here." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then then I can say to you tonight, we're not looking for signs. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We're not seeking signs. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; We are recognizing &gt;&gt; the signs. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That God has sent among the church. I I I pray this is okay. Amen. &gt;&gt; He said in Jeremiah 10:2, "Thus sayith the Lord, learn not the way of the heathen, and be not dismayed at the signs of the heaven, for the heathen are dismayed at them." Now listen here. Dismayed comes from the word discouraged. What is it? The unbeliever is discouraged with what? The signs of heaven. He said, "It just makes an unbeliever pout and angry. He don't know what to think about it." He said, "But to the believer, &gt;&gt; it's a vindication of the truth of God's word that speaks of the coming sign. &gt;&gt; It vindicates God's word to be the truth." He said, "Now the unbeliever, he's worried. He's dismayed. He's discouraged." Oh, such an outfit. He will say, "You don't mean you belong to a thing like that." See, he's discouraged with it. But to the believer, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. To the believer, he said, "Oh, it's honey in the rock. It's a vindication. What does Revelation 10:9 say? It shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. Amen. Can I say to you tonight, church, we are not looking for a move of God. We have a move of God. The move of God is on for the bride. He said, then never let the message become common. Now, I want to say this to you, and I I want to say it very plainly and very and in and closing that. I don't want to hold you too long. I know it's Friday night, but I want you to catch this. He said, "Oh, the spiritual union of Christ and his church." Now, when the flesh is becoming word and the word is becoming flesh, it's manifested, vindicated, just what the Bible said would happen in this day. It's happening. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. He prophesied of it all the way back in the Old Testament that there would be a time that God would be manifested in the flesh. And he was in the flesh of Jesus. But he's not in a grave tonight in Jerusalem. He's not in a tomb in Jeffersonville. But there was a forecast that the same God that was in Jesus. The same God that was in the upper room has come down in this last day and has become veiled in the flesh of his bride. Oh, he said we're near the coming of Jesus to be united with the church where the word becomes the word. Call the heart, the spirit searching the hearts. Now I'll say it very beautiful because what Pentecostal said was going to happen. A prophet stood on the platform and he said it's happening. In other words, it's happening right before you. And he says in the name of the Lord that's by the original word. Now I love this because because I want you to see tonight how how powerful you are all the way back in the book of Isaiah. Isaiah prophesies in Isaiah 64 and verse4 and he says now for since the beginning of the world men have not heard nor perceived by the ear neither hath the eyes seen oh God beside thee what he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him. Now do you realize that was a prophecy in Isaiah 64. But if you come here to to second to 1 Corinthians 2 and verse 9, Paul's going to say, "As it is written, &gt;&gt; I hath not seen &gt;&gt; nor ear heard, neither have it entered in the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him." Now watch back there. They were saying, "It's coming." Paul rehearses that prophecy. But then in verse 10, he says, "But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searches all things, yay, the deep things of God. I love this in the Amplified Bible. But is just as it is written in scripture, things which the eye has not seen, the ear has not heard, which have not entered the heart of man. All that God has prepared for those who love him. Listen, who hold him in affectionate reverence, who obey him, are you ready for this? And who gratefully recognize the benefits that he has bestowed. So in other words, the prophet of God is saying, "Give us freedom, Lord, in the spirit that your worship and children might get the privilege tonight to enjoy the deep rich blessings of the Holy Ghost." He said, "May they have uncction and strength and power to bring to their congregation, the waiting sheep, the food that God has in store for his people." He says, "We are grateful for these takes exaltations from the spirit. They tell us and warn us." He said, "We don't know just what he has in store for us, but we do know that there must be something that he's going to bring forth." Look, in 1961, there is a people who knows and feels and is waiting. They feel the charge. They have the hunger. They have the pull that God is going to bring something forth. He said, "Now listen, maybe his question on your mind. He'll speak it through here. He might speak to the message this morning. He might speak it tonight at the service." He's somewhere along today. He's trying to look like warn someone to catch the word. Come on, church. He's trying to get you, Amen, to catch the word. I love what Paul says. He says, "Who hath believed our report?" Do you know another word for report? Do you know what Paul said? He said, "We now have the mind of Christ." He said, "What was once in God's mind is now in the body of Christ." Who is the body of Christ? You are the body of Christ. Amen. He said, "Now watch. I got a question for you. How did what was in God's mind get into God's body." Can I say it like this? By the preaching or the transmitting of the vision or the forecast. He said, "Now, we are only transmitters that transmits the voice of God." Amen. Through our agency of men to the hearer. He said, "A vision is the same way. I know nothing to say to the church at this time concerning a vision. But if the Holy Spirit would show first me a vision, then I will transmit that vision to the one that it's directed to. Folks, this is not a universal vision. This is not a universal forecast. This is not a group broadcast. This is a predestinated sovereignty of almighty God. This is the fulfillment of the prophecy of grace when the revelation would be revealed. Glory to God. When the revelation would be revealed, there would be a grace on standby to deliver that revelation into the heart of the ones who is going to manifest it. &gt;&gt; Oh church, don't you see who you are tonight? You're not just church members. You are the manifestation of the forecast of almighty God. &gt;&gt; It was not me. The vision was not me. I it was God gave the vision. &gt;&gt; I acted as a transmitter. Look to bring forth. Are you ready for this? The message of the vision to the people. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, then I can say to you tonight, it's the message &gt;&gt; of the hour &gt;&gt; that transforms you. Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "How could you a drunkard a few weeks ago or a few months ago and a gentleman this afternoon? How could you a street harlot a few weeks ago and a lady this afternoon by the transforming power of God being transmitted by the Holy Ghost into your heart changed your nature and changed your making. Are you ready for this? It made you another person." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know what the prophet of God said? He said God in his mercy gave you another sense. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said and then the new birth activates that super sense. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That six sense &gt;&gt; church of the living God. &gt;&gt; That six sense coming from the mercy of God &gt;&gt; into the soul of a believer quickened by the power of God has made you another person. &gt;&gt; That's right. You might not have felt it. I don't know about that. But it's here anyhow. Whether you feel it or not, let's give God thanks for it. It's here anyhow. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, I say to you tonight, and I say this in closing, Amen. Amen. The forecast says your present conditions cannot hinder your future. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The forecast says your present conditions &gt;&gt; cannot hinder your future. &gt;&gt; Can I say this to you? &gt;&gt; You have the forecast in you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You have the forecast in you. Brother said, look, he said, there's an old blind woman speaking of Anna in the corner by the name of Anna who served the Lord day and night. She was, now listen, she also was predicting and saying the Messiah is coming. Now, are you with me? &gt;&gt; Blind Anna, &gt;&gt; saying I see &gt;&gt; blind Anna. saying, "I see the Messiah coming." &gt;&gt; Reb said, "Yet she was blind." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Blind Anna &gt;&gt; said, "I see the Messiah coming, yet she's blind." He said, "Now listen, but that little life that was in her, &gt;&gt; that little life that was in her that was predicting, glory to God." Hallelujah. It was predicting he's coming, he's coming, it'll be here. Then that same life, that like come in the building. He said, "See, it was for ordained to lie." Can I say it to you? She had a seed in her church. &gt;&gt; Yes, she did. And the seed that she had in her was predicting &gt;&gt; the future. &gt;&gt; Her present conditions could not stop the future &gt;&gt; fulfillment. &gt;&gt; Can I say to you tonight as the musicians come, maybe you're like Job. Maybe you're sitting on the ash heap tonight. Everything's gone wrong. You're at your wits end. Everything possibly that could go wrong has gone wrong. and you're sitting there and you're looking around and you're saying, "Lord, I don't know. Can I tell you tonight, God has come down in this meeting?" &gt;&gt; Whether you feel it or not. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Whether you feel it or not, he has come down. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And he is here to impart into you another sense. &gt;&gt; It's his mercy &gt;&gt; to give you another sense. Beyond what you see, &gt;&gt; beyond what you can reason, &gt;&gt; beyond what you can remember, &gt;&gt; beyond what you feel, &gt;&gt; beyond what you hear. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, it's beyond feelings, folks. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a reality. &gt;&gt; See, it's another dimension. &gt;&gt; It's a six sense. &gt;&gt; It's a vision. &gt;&gt; And it's been spoken over your life tonight. Won't you won't you stand to your feet with us this &gt;&gt; evenus? &gt;&gt; Brother said it beautiful. He said now the forecast paraphrasing he will show you things to come. &gt;&gt; He said oh there's been many fanatics went out but it's only the devil trying to put a blinder. He said oh yeah there's a there's a real genuine Holy Spirit. He said oh it's the devil's business to put out those things. He did it before the coming of Jesus. He said, ' But there was coming a real Jesus, and the real Jesus arrived on the scene. &gt;&gt; No matter how many fanatics come in the first place and tried to do this and do that to impersonate, it only was a signpost that the real genuine Jesus was coming. &gt;&gt; Then when he come, they recognized him. He said many of them who were waiting, they recognized him. And today, we've had a lot of fanaticism out under the name of this, that, and the other. But it's only been a signpost to point that real the Lord Jesus and the real Holy Ghost revival would be here soon. We've lived in it. We're in it now. &gt;&gt; You're sinning in it this afternoon. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's all around you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See, isn't that something? We were looking for revival, &gt;&gt; but a prophet come on the scene. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so the revival you're looking for, &gt;&gt; you're sitting in it &gt;&gt; right now. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's all around you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But I don't feel it. Well, this is not a feeling revival. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't sense it. This is not a sense revival. &gt;&gt; This is another sense revival. &gt;&gt; This is a faith revival. Yes. &gt;&gt; This is a revival that's built on the foundation of a vindicated vision. &gt;&gt; He said, "Listen, the Holy Spirit, when he has come, he will lead and guide you into all truth. He will show you things that is to come." He said, "Now listen, when that real genuine faith has caught the vision, it can keep silent and rest calmly because it knows it's going to happen. Don't forget that &gt;&gt; faith will rest with perfect &gt;&gt; assurance." &gt;&gt; Amen. Listen, I don't know what you're going through tonight, but I got a word for you from the word of the Lord. &gt;&gt; God in his mercies come down and give you another sense. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And if you'll allow the Holy Ghost to activate that faith in your heart, &gt;&gt; it'll cause you to look beyond the way you feel right now. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It'll cause you to look beyond the problems and the cons and the concerns and the situ. It'll cause you to look beyond all of that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it'll cause you to look upward and onward. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it'll cause you to confess like Job did. I know my redeemer lives. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; My condition right now says there's no way I'll see him. &gt;&gt; But in my flesh, &gt;&gt; I shall see God. &gt;&gt; Come on. Well, no way I can make it in your flesh right now, but in my soul, &gt;&gt; I have another sense &gt;&gt; and a vision has been spoke over it. &gt;&gt; And you know what it says? &gt;&gt; I've already seen you there. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, what are you going to believe tonight? &gt;&gt; You going to believe a man's idea? &gt;&gt; You going to believe what your five outer senses are telling you or your five inner senses? &gt;&gt; I say there's a bride on the earth tonight &gt;&gt; who's living &gt;&gt; by another sense. &gt;&gt; How many say, "Lord, impart that sense into my heart." &gt;&gt; Lord, realign my heart. &gt;&gt; Maybe I can't feel it. Maybe I can't memorize it. Maybe I can't think about it. Maybe I can't remember it. That don't matter Lord in your mercy &gt;&gt; the same as you did Job &gt;&gt; right here on this ash heap &gt;&gt; give me that other sense &gt;&gt; see that other sense will cause you to see your kids coming back to church before they actually come &gt;&gt; you know that &gt;&gt; that other sense will make you testify I'm healed before one symptom changes &gt;&gt; hallelujah &gt;&gt; that other sense will make you testify he's in control &gt;&gt; when everything around you is falling apart. &gt;&gt; See, because it's a vindicated vision. &gt;&gt; It's a vindicated forecast. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Won't you bow your hearts with us tonight? &gt;&gt; How many say, Lord, I thank you for that other sense. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord, I pray you give me the grace tonight to live by that other sense. &gt;&gt; Lord, I don't want to live by the outer senses. &gt;&gt; Lord, I don't want to live by the inner senses. Lord, they can lie to me. &gt;&gt; But there is a super sense &gt;&gt; and it's the faith of God sense &gt;&gt; and that sense cannot lie. &gt;&gt; It catches the word of God. &gt;&gt; It delivers the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, Father, I bring this congregation of believers into your presence. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, your word has gone forth in the sanctuary tonight. And Lord, I know that as human beings, as believers of like precious faith, Lord, as Christians, Lord, we're facing so many things, Lord. Father, situations and things that seem hopeless and helpless, Father. &gt;&gt; But Lord, there is a revelation anchored in the depths of our soul tonight. &gt;&gt; Yes. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; That Lord, though all hell sail, &gt;&gt; it will not prevail. Amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, though we be at our wits end, Lord, &gt;&gt; Father, though we would set on the ash heap as Job did, Lord, though we would sit there, dear God, burdened in our hearts, sometimes empty in our spirits, Lord, though we would look at our mortal bodies, we would look at the mortal conditions, Lord, and Father, everything would seem to be fading and be gone. But Lord, I'm so thankful that underneath that flesh. &gt;&gt; And Lord, underneath that spirit, there's a soul. &gt;&gt; And Lord, that soul cries out. I know my redeemer liveth. &gt;&gt; I know I'm a part of this word. &gt;&gt; I know I have a theophony. &gt;&gt; I know I'm going in the rapture. &gt;&gt; I know my children are going to be saved. &gt;&gt; I know my body is going to be healed. &gt;&gt; I know that God is going to give me the Holy Ghost. I know I'm going to be a partaker of that great resurrection. Father, it's gone beyond the control of flesh realm, beyond the control of spirit realm, Lord, over into the soul realm. Now, Father, I pray tonight, dear God, that your anointing would sweep across this building. &gt;&gt; Lord, we've not come here this weekend for just another meeting, as we've already said. But Lord God, we've come here to be transformed by the renewing of our minds. Father, I pray tonight, dear God, on the first night of this meeting, Lord, Father, if the believers can catch the word, dear God, if they can catch the reality that you've come down in your mercy, and Lord God, you've given them another sense, then Lord, they can have a meeting right here this weekend. No matter what's going wrong, no matter the doctor's report, no matter the lies, the indifferences, the voices of confusion, no matter what the devil throw against this people, if in their soul resides the revelation that I have been given another sense, and it's a perfect sense, and it's a super sense, and it's a superior sense, it's a guiding sense, it's a governing sense, then Lord, I'm going to break out of this earthbound sense. I'm going to break out of this earthbound realm. I'm going to climb up into that realm where all things are possible. Father, I'm tired of this earthbound realm. I'm tired of this chatter, chatter, chatter. I'm tired of the confusions, Lord. I'm tired of the mind battles, dear God. I'm tired of the devil waring against me. I'm ready to draw my sword and break out in that realm to believe you, Lord, to believe your word, to believe what you've spoken. Father, may you come in this meeting this weekend. Lord, may the believers set themselves aside, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, lift the pressure off of their hearts. Lift the pressure off of their lives, dear God. &gt;&gt; Lord, give them the liberty to enjoy these meetings, Lord. &gt;&gt; Give them the liberty to enjoy your presence. &gt;&gt; Lord, give them the liberty to know that this is not a burden, Father. It's a blessing. Lord, &gt;&gt; your presence, Lord, &gt;&gt; means heaven to us. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. strengthen every job in this building tonight, Lord. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; we pray. Amen. You love him tonight. &gt;&gt; You ready for a meeting? &gt;&gt; You're ready for the power of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, I don't think you got to wait till tomorrow night. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't think you got to wait till Sunday morning. &gt;&gt; I believe if there's another sense in your heart right now, You can begin to declare the word of God. &gt;&gt; You can begin to confess the promises of God. &gt;&gt; Listen, this is not just the speaking of clothes, friends. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is not just the rehearsing of scriptures. &gt;&gt; This is the word &gt;&gt; in action &gt;&gt; in your flesh. &gt;&gt; Can I say it to you tonight? &gt;&gt; You are part of the forecast. &gt;&gt; God is your vindicator &gt;&gt; and God is your redeemer. Brother Barry, would you come tonight? Amen. I believe and I believe he's in the building tonight. Don't you? &gt;&gt; Amen. God rich bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Did you enjoy that tonight? [Applause] Way maker, you are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. Healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Your miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, might that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise king, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are king [Music] every heart. I worship you. I worship you. We are worker light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every life. I worship you. I worship you. You are he leading every need. I worship you. I worship you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Dear God, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Amen. Amen. I have so much to say, I'm not going to say very much. It's 9:30. It's Friday night, though. And where else would we be? What else could we be doing in this world that we live in? Just two thoughts that I'm going to say tonight is that our present conditions not just won't but cannot &gt;&gt; cannot dictate our future &gt;&gt; if we truly are sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; We need to let that sixth sense guide us. Amen. &gt;&gt; I just think it's a wonderful thing. You know, one thing really struck me tonight is that we literally being able to say amen to this word because it's what we live. It's who we it's the essence of our lives. &gt;&gt; We're not trying to catch the vision, brothers and sisters. There's people in this world in this message that are saying, "Catch the vision." But I want to say this. What we were hearing tonight is catch this. You are the vision. You are the literal manifestation of the word for the day in which we live. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What a glorious word. &gt;&gt; My &gt;&gt; can we sing the move is on. &gt;&gt; Sing a couple songs, three songs &gt;&gt; and then we'll dismiss. I know we have to go. If you have to go, the move is on. You're welcome to leave. God richly bless you. We've got service tomorrow night at 6:00 and uh regular service time. Regular service time, Sunday morning, 10:00. The move is on, my Lord, the move is on. The move is on, my Lord, the move on. Oh, I can hear the rustle in the mberry tree. And I know, I know, I know the moon is on. Move on, brother. Move on sister. This is the day. Hallelujah. Oh move closer. Where the streams are going on, brother. Move on. The move is on. Lord, the move is on. The move is on. My Lord is on. You hear the rustle in the mberry trees and I know I know I know the move is on. So move on brother. Move on sister. This is the day. Hallelujah. [Applause] closer where the streams are blowing on brother. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we sing faithful one? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Faithful one. Oh faithful one, so unchanging, [Music] aless one. You're my rock of peace. Lord of all, I depend on you. I call out to you. Again and again I call out to you again and again. You are my rock. [Music] [Applause] You lift me up when I fall down. Oh, all through the storm. Your love is the anchor. My hope is in you. You are my rock. You are my rock. [Music] You lift me up when I fall down. All through the snow, your love is the end. My heart is in the I feel the pull. Do you feel the pull? Did you feel the pull tonight? &gt;&gt; A pull from your theophony. Not a pull from a man. Not a pull from a ministry, but a pull from that vision that was forecast. That vision that was prophesied. My at night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. [Music] And my mind just fails to know exactly why. You can't explain it. With tongue or pain, the spirit is growing deep within. It must be God right here in my soul. Cuz I feel the P. I feel the [Applause] I hear the call. And God's spirit is moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Please come and take control. I heal the Lord. I went to hear the word and with each line and phrase. Was he calling you tonight? calling me to give a higher praise. [Music] Call to the deep. It's like holy. Oh, I know for sure. [Applause] [Music] Hear the [Music] I hear the Lord. Your spirit moving me to give my all to me. Amen. Hallelujah. And I [Music] Lord, please come and take control. I feel Let's just bow. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you. &gt;&gt; We thank you, Lord Jesus, one more time for coming by our way. Oh father for sending your servant Lord with a a burden on his heart Lord Jesus. Father for this very night we know that this very night was no accident. This was a night that was ordained before the foundation of the world to Lord Jesus have some seed sown and some seed germinate and some seed grow and other seed to mature. Oh, Father, it's no accident that we're here tonight listening to the words that were spoken. Help us, Lord, to take those words into our soul and Lord Jesus, process them not by our emotions and not by our senses, even on the inner senses, Lord, but let us, Lord Jesus, surrender all of our senses to that sixth sense. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And take the words that were spoken tonight and run them through that sixth sense and see if they're not real. Father, we thank you, Lord, that you prophesied through your your prophet that there would be a time that there would be a day where the word would become flesh and the flesh would become word. Oh, Father, we're so thankful that there's some people in this world that can recognize the position of that word tonight. Lord, we just ask that you would go with us now as we go our separate ways. Father, we pray that you would restore the strength to Brother Andrew. Lord, and Father, if it be your will for us to gather again tomorrow night, Lord Jesus, help us, Father, to to bring that vision to the house of the Lord. Oh, Father, let us bring your presence with us, Lord. Father, there might be someone seeking your presence and let them feel it, Father, like they never have before. Lord, we love you and we thank you. We just want to commit each life into your hand now as we go our separate ways. Father, we know many people are missing tonight. And Father, we pray that you would just be with them wherever they are, whatever they're doing. Father, and Lord, we just, Father, we thank you for your goodness and your mercy to us. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that song? I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. As we dismiss tonight, I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I have made, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I've surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. Amen. God bless you tonight. All my life. All my life. All my life. You have so every breath that I [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh my god. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I feel [Music] like I feel [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm stuck in something. [Music] [Music]
