################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - 2025-06-18 - Bro. Barry - The Just Shall Live By Faith - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-18
Title:    2025-06-18 - Bro. Barry - The Just Shall Live By Faith
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5vbY8hVmXs
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson - The Just Shall Live By Faith
Wednesday, June 18th 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless each one of Welcome to the House of the Lord this evening. Good to have each one out. Good to be back in the house of the Lord for a Wednesday night. Always a refreshing time with the Lord and always a blessing. Amen. Let's stand with me for good as we start our service tonight. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord. Oh singing, blessed be thy name. Oh blessed be that name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. For he is worthy to be praised and adored. So we lift up holy hands in one accord. singing blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be that name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And by his grace I am redeemed. By his blood I am made and I now know him face to face. Thank you for that. Oh my is how I am. [Music] Oh Christ. I praise I will praise the glory [Applause] of his grace and by how I have [Music] now Christ [Music] I will praise the glory. [Music] Lord, I want to love you more, more than I ever have before. Oh, you're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. Ask me more. Lord, I want to know you more, more than I ever have before. Oh, you're so easy to adore. [Music] Oh Lord, I want to know you more. I want to love Oh, I want to love you more. Oh, more than I ever have before. [Music] Lord, you're so easy to adore. Oh yes, Lord, I want to love you more. One more time. Oh, I want to love you more than I ever have before. Lord, you're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to win with me if you want. Lord Jesus, I believe that is our motive tonight. Lord, we want to leave this building more in love with you than when we came. Oh God, Lord, we know that faith comes by hearing and hearing your word. Lord, it's the only way that the faith of God that resides in us can respond to your word, Lord, and we can leave this building more in love with you, Lord. Father, it's it's the closing days of time. We know that, Lord. Father, we long to be caught up in your arms, our glorious husband, our redeemer, our savior. Lord, as we join you in the clouds and then we crown you king of kings, Lord, it's such a wonderful thing to to anticipate, Lord. We look forward to that with great anticipation. Lord, we we just want to become the bride that you want to us to be. Lord, we you're easy to adore. Lord, help us to serve you in a way that that that you shower your love on us even more. Lord, we desire these things, Lord. We just want to be in love with you. We want to love your word. We want to love each other, oh God. It's so wonderful when brothers and sisters dwell in unity. And here we are tonight, Lord, gathered in a little building, little indescript building, Lord, in a city of a almost two million people. But Lord, nonetheless, through your elective love, here we are tonight to receive the vindicated word, Lord, that you call important in this day. May it change us from glory to glory. May we be so recipient, such so uh open to you, Lord, and receive from you, Lord, that we'd receive what you have in mind for us. Bless our pastor, Lord, as he brings a word. He's labored. Lord, each of us, I believe, have prepared our hearts to come and we come hungering and thirsting tonight. Lord, may you just deliver the word through our brother's lips. And Lord, may it anchor in our souls. Father, may it have an effect that that is exactly what you want from each of us tonight. We just ask you, Lord, to take these these songs of worship, Lord. May you receive them from our hearts. We love you so much, Lord. And we can only say that, Father, because you loved us first. You gave yourself for us. How could we not love you? You gave us the ultimate sacrifice, Lord. You gave yourself. We We are sinless, virtuous, righteous before you tonight because of that sacrifice. Thank you for these things, Lord. Receive our worship now. We pray in Jesus precious name we ask. Amen. Have your seats tonight. down from his glory. Everliving story. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strangeanger of sorrow tears and me. Oh, how I love you. My friend, my soul, my it creator. [Music] He became my savior and God. What condemn bringing us red [Music] in the dead of God is Godious. Oh, think about this tonight. lay his way. Oh to me to see my [Music] Oh yes. [Music] My friend, my son, he's my [Music] great creator. [Music] For he became my savior. [Music] and all God's glory. [Music] Fellowship is [Music] to the for and we [Music] all [Music] that sacrifice of [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Music] my friend. You're my [Music] My great creator for he became my goel [Music] Isn't that what we wanted to do tonight? [Applause] Lord, I'm the I and I. Oh, won't you? [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I [Music] need answers. Oh, how long have I Oh, search me and try [Music] for you. Oh my god. [Music] Glory [Music] and thy [Music] might [Music] [Applause] [Music] be. Oh sh Oh Christ. [Music] Thank the Lord for his presence here this evening. I just want to use this opportunity to appreciate God for helping me. I'm officially done with college and Even though when I felt like I was about to be a failure, God saw me too. [Music] [Music] Glory, glory, glory to the Lord. [Music] Glory, glory, glory to thee. For you are glorious and worthy to be praised. You are the lamb upon the throne [Music] and on to you. I lift my voice in praise. You I live upon the throne. Glory, glory, glory to the lamb. Glory, glory, glory to the lamb. For you are glorious and worthy to be praised. You are the lamb upon the throne. And to I lift my voice in praise. You are there upon the throne. Glorious and worthy to be praised. You are glam upon the throne and unto you I lift my voice to praise. You are the lamb upon the throne. You are the lamb upon the throne. You are the lamb of the throne. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, sister. Wonderful tribute tonight. Giving the Lord praise seems to be the theme tonight. He's worthy to be adored. He's our peace. Once you stand with me, our pastor comes. He's broken down every wall. My goodness, we live in such a wonderful state. of the Lord Jesus. Nothing can touch us except he allows us. Allows it. Here we are tonight. The Lord Jesus, the peace of all peace. Well, he is our peace who has broken down every wall. Oh, he is [Music] He is our king. Oh, he is our peace who has broken down everyone. He is our aren't you glad you can do this tonight? Just cast out your gift. Oh car for you. He is our peace. Oh yes, he is our peace. Just cast all your cares on him for he cares for you. [Music] Oh, how cast your car your car on him for you. Jesus [Music] cares on me for he cares for you. He is our peace. He is our Amen. Aren't you thankful for that tonight? Amen. To know that in this world of shifting sands. He is our peace. If you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by the way an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Just have two requests tonight. Just want to remember Sister Beth Vanderlass and also a woman named Ellen Ebing. They both need a touch from the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, tonight we're so thankful that we can gather together in your name. Lord, we know that you're here and not just here, Father, for fellowship, but you're here to minister to our needs, Lord. We know that you've provided all of our needs, Lord, for this side of eternity. Because that's what your word says, that you will supply all of our needs according to your riches in Christ Jesus. Not the way that we would think about riches. And we're so thankful, Lord, that you know all things and that you have everything in your control. Tonight, Father, we just want to lift the needs that were made known unto you tonight by the wave and uplift hand. Father, oh Lord, I have my hand lifted as well, Lord Jesus. We all have needs. Father, tonight we just pray that you would meet those needs sovereignly. We're so thankful for your tender hand, Lord, leading us and guiding us all along the way, Father. And Lord Jesus, tonight we just want to remember the two names that were mentioned. Ellen Ebing, Lord, lady that needs a touch from you, Father, that has never come to know you and the power of your resurrection the way that we have, but Father, we just ask that somehow someway she could. And Father, we want to remember Sister Beth Vanderlass before your throne tonight as well, Lord, that you would just continue touching her. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians once again. Thank you for the special sister Epha. Certainly wonderful to be in his presence. If you have your Bibles tonight, I'd like to read two scriptures. One from the book of Titus and another one, the book of Romans, chapter 1. Titus chapter 1 and Romans chapter 1. Pretty easy numbers to remember. Titus chapter 1, Paul, a servant of God and an apostle of Jesus Christ according to the faith of God's elect. Isn't that wonderful? the faith of God's elect and the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness in hope of eternal life which God that cannot lie promised before the world began over in the book of Romans chapter 1 verse 17 Romans chapter 1 verse 17. For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith, as it is written, the just shall live by faith. Amen. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful that we can, Lord Jesus, read your scripture, your word, your will by revelation tonight. Lord, not by knowledge revelation, but by your spirit revelation, Father. And tonight, we just ask humbly, Lord, that you would quicken this word to our souls one more time, Father, that you would break this bread of life to us. That you would teach us and lead us as we walk with you along the way. We love you and we thank you, Father. We just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. Just want to remember the communion service coming up this Sunday at 5:30 p.m. I think we had it listed for six o'clock, but we've agreed to do them a little bit earlier so that we can get everyone in and get it finished and have some time for testimonies and then uh get on our ways. With the children still in school, it's uh certainly a little more convenient and Sunday's a pretty good day to just gather around the the word. So, Sunday, we want to remember the communion service. Did you enjoy the service last Wednesday with brother Joel? Um, they got home today, this afternoon, basically just before service. And uh I texted brother Joel early this morning. I thought maybe they had gone sooner, but uh they were just getting up and uh it was about 6:30 when I texted him. They were going to the airport. They stayed at the Best Western in Calgary here. So they drove from Calgary after they left us. They went out to B Lake Louise and then they went north through Jasper and then back around through Edmonton again and then drove back down the QE2 to Calgary and stayed the night last night. And uh they came out to their minivan in the parking lot to find that all of their luggage was stolen. They smashed the window and everything they had everything packed and ready to go. They just took the stuff they needed for last night into the hotel with them. And uh so yeah, it's a bit of a difficult thing. I said to him, "You must have uh you must have really annoyed the enemy being here talking the way you were." We had a wonderful time of fellowship and uh yeah certainly difficult with these things in life but uh the enemy is going about as a roaring lion and we know that the Lord has it all under control but certainly frustrating nonetheless when you feel violated that way and you lose all of your stuff. I hope there was nothing really um sentimental there but God knows what we need. We're certainly thankful for the the message last week. I really enjoyed it. And uh you know, we had some further conversation about it. And uh if anybody is interested, brother Joel, he uh w was very very connected with Voice of God Recordings and Brother Ferguson in Montreal and uh I think it's in Montreal. Is that right? And uh he's the voice of Voice of God in Canada for brother Joseph. uh brother Ferguson is and uh anyways that's kind of where brother Joel uh came from and he uh he's got a lot of stories and a lot to talk about when it comes to uh you know the things of the Lord in and around the message of the hour and uh we just had a wonderful time of fellowship. So if anybody's interested I could certainly connect you with him and uh I know he would love to have visitors come and see him. He has a fairly new church and the Lord has been very good to him as I think he mentioned. I wanted to mention something tonight that I have been working on and uh I'm sure that many here tonight are familiar with this book. Um if you're not, I would hope that we could get familiar with this book. Um going into the fall, I would like to begin a study of this book and uh the stuff that's inside it. And I know some people get shaky when you a book and uh it's just a collection of message quotes. It's not uh man's thoughts. It's not an interpretation of the message. It is just a collection of quotes about marriage, courtship, and dating. Brother Paul um Dirkson put this book together. It was on his heart. He had another brother help him, I think, in Arizona um put it together and it's a collection of quotes based on on that topic. marriage, courtship and dating. And uh I had always thought that it should be courtship, um marriage, courtship, dating and then marriage or courtship and uh uh I don't know what you'd call it, but I guess dating is a part of it. And uh anyways, he he indicated to me I had a real good conversation with him about this and where the inspiration for it came, etc., etc. I'll get into all of that later. Um but I have ordered two cases of these books. So we have a digital copy as well, but I think it's kind of good to have a book that you can actually touch. You don't have to have screen time to get into it. And uh I think it's a very important thing for us to understand um what the biblical principles are and what the message talks about. You know, brother Brandham taught in in the message about this. And you know, for those that don't know, I'm sure we all do know it, but um I'm just going to say it. Brother Brandham, he actually says in the message that he took the girls, the sisters on a Sunday and taught them about sex and he took the boys on another Sunday separately and did the very same thing. So this is not foreign to the message of the hour. All of the questions, all of the answers are in here if we're willing to take a look at it. And I think this will help us as we raise our children, as we live our lives. Even for adults, sometimes we can get into marriage and not have been taught certain things, certain principles, and we continually find ourselves coming up against a wall in our marriage and wonder why. And typically what happens is we start to think it's the other person, it's the other person, it's the other person. And what happens is we have this thing that we just don't seem to get past. And the Lord will continue to allow us to go through this trial, this little struggle in our marriage. And we could find the answer for it potentially in something like this in a study. And so I'm not going to say we're going to follow the teachings of brother Paul Dirkson. I would say never follow the teachings of any man. Right? And I would say even this never follow the teachings even now I'm going to say it of of brother Brham because he's going to say follow the teachings of Christ right he's going to say get into Christ. It's all about Jesus Christ. It is not about following a man. And for anyone to say that we need to follow specifically a man we're actually going to get out on a limb. Now we do follow a vindicated prophet. Don't get me wrong. Absolutely we do. But it's not about the vindicated prophet. And he would say so himself. He would say it's all about Jesus Christ. There's a way to do things. You know, we've talked about in the past, we've preached on it that there's a a way. There's a highway, but then there is a way in the middle of that highway. And it's a way of holiness. And that's what we want to teach on. That's what we want to actually bring the people towards. We want to encourage it. We want to hold it before our children's eyes continually when they go to bed at night, when they get up in the morning. That's what the word of God says, not just send Sundays and and Wednesdays. I say, "Lord, help me. We get busy, too. Maybe we don't have devotions enough, but maybe we could do it a little bit more." And as you begin to get into a study like this, as we know, like we did with the Church Hbook, it can actually really help us um have a direction and to continue down that road. So, there's a couple things that are going to happen in the fall and uh I'll just throw this out there as one of them. We want to really dig into this court uh marriage courtship and dating and get into that. And I also want to begin having youth services at the church. Now, this is brand new for everyone. I have talked to maybe one or two people who are going to be key individuals that help with this. And uh we're not going to diminish the youth um events that Brother Joel and Sister Crystal have. that's going to carry on exactly the way that they feel led to do it and have been doing it. Um, just excellent. We're certainly thankful for that. But we do want to actually create an opportunity for the youth to be able to get into a service atmosphere and actually engage the word in the church. And so, in every single aspect, I want to see this happen. So, we're going to create an environment for that to happen. And it's not just going to be um the children. The youth come in here and we get into a teaching and and brother Barry's going to come and address them. Really what I want to do is see a youth service. So someone playing the piano, someone maybe playing the coahhone, maybe someone on the bass guitar, maybe someone on the the other guitar, maybe someone on the organ, a song leader, youth, and then if someone feels I know someone already does, this is why I'm saying this. I know someone already does feel inspired to take a microphone and exhort the youth. So there's all these little gifts, call them little gifts because they're young now in our midst. They have to be here if the Lord should terry. We need to make an opportunity for them. Give them a space to actually express those gifts and not wait until someday maybe brother Barry moves on and now we're looking for someone else. we we we might only have might actually have the opportunity to have someone in our midst with that gift. So, um it can be musicians. If you feel led to play an instrument, please, I would like it if we could just reach out to me, let me know directly, speak to me, and uh I'll make sure that we make provision for this. So, we're going to do it on a Friday night. And I know it's a bit of an effort on a Friday night for uh parents with children, but uh we'll try and make a way. We'll try and carpool. We'll do everything we can to help make this work. And uh we'll just see what the Lord will do. Maybe it will start really small. Maybe we'll just come and sing a few songs and uh say a couple words and it'll be over. But the thing about this is I just want to overemphasize is this is for the youth. This is by the youth for the youth. It's not going to be um someone coming in here, one of the other ministers in the congregation. and God gave them a a something on their heart that they just need to give to the youth. It's not going to be like that. It's going to be for the youth, what the Lord puts on the youth's heart to bring to the other youth. So, um it's all brand new. So, if you think that I feel like I have it all figured out, I don't have it all figured out. I just know that I want to make an opportunity, create an opportunity for the the youth to actually express it. Now, I know there's probably one question on everyone's heart, uh especially the youth. uh what are the age limits? What are the age requirements or restrictions? Now, here's where it gets fun because I'm not going to say to anyone that you're too young. I'm going to say it this way. If you're old enough to sit mature and not need to be parented, then you're welcome to come. But if you're going to come and make a ruckus, then unfortunately, you're not ready yet. So if you feel mature enough to come, if you're young and you want to sit and you want to actually participate and take it seriously, then by all means, you are absolutely welcome to come. And that can be 3 years old, whatever it is. I'm not going to say what age. So I think it'll be a a tremendous opportunity for the youth to begin to express. And I I'm I'm really thrilled because I know there's gifts that I didn't even know about that I've been discovering. Some of the youth in here can play really play the music really well and it's just sitting there and it's they're not getting the opportunities to play during the main services. So, we want to give give them an opportunity to express the gift to let the Lord purge that branch, you know, and in whatever capacity it is. Maybe maybe one of the youth just wants to stand at the door and guard all the parents from coming in. You're certainly welcome to do that, whoever that is, if you have that that leadership on your heart. So, um, and if anybody has any suggestions for it, I'm certainly open to it. Like I said, this is all brand new, but we, uh, as a body just want to, like I said, create an atmosphere, create an environment to, to come together and and see the Lord manifest through the gifts in the body. Are you happy tonight? Um, please with uh both of the items that I've mentioned, if you have questions or or you'd like to have a conversation, I could say concerns, but I'm sure that there's always concerns. But if you want to have a conversation, please just reach out to me and we can uh certainly talk about it. I uh was really interested about the service last week and uh thought it was it was just just amazing to look at how uh how Luther was so sincere and and how deeds just don't work. We can have many wonderful works in our lives, many deeds that we do, many things that we bring and and and you know, they don't really matter at the end of the day if we don't have a completely consecrated heart to the Lord. And uh you know, we heard about it and and I'll say it this way, it's just been on my heart. Um, we heard about it at the marriage banquet that we had and I had never heard this before, but there was the story was a couple had come to marriage counseling and here they were in marriage counseling and and they're kind of bickering back and forth and and she says the guy's all upset and he says to the counselor and to his wife, "I never did nothing. I don't even know why we're here." And the girl says, "That's exactly right. You never do. You never do anything." and you wonder why we're here. That's exactly why we're here. Another example was uh he got upset, I think, or I don't know if it was the same guy or not, but he spent 75 bucks on a bouquet of flowers and she doesn't even care. And that's exactly right. Sometimes deeds like that just don't matter. Sometimes people just maybe sisters don't really like flowers, but if we are are are continually going down that track, I just buy flowers all the time. I've got these deeds. I just show up with flowers all the time and it's flowers, showers with flowers all the time. What difference does it make if it doesn't do anything for her? She might do all kinds of different things for him and and he might not appreciate it. Maybe it's whatever it is. I don't really want to go too far down that road because I could get myself in trouble. But what I'm getting at is we can do a lot of different things and think we're actually making a difference when it's not making a difference at all. And that's in the natural in our relationships. How much more spiritually can that play out? How much more spiritually can that happen? And you know, we heard that I'd never heard that before that Martin Luther he he he tried sleeping a year a winter I think it was without a blanket just to prove a point just to suffer suffer hard a little bit just for the Lord just to prove that he really loves the Lord. But you know the one point that I had really highlighted from from last week is uh you know in talking about the the evolution of re revelation and and a divine exchange is what brother Joel had brought was the he had thought that religion talking about Adam he had thought that religion would save his relationship and you know just because we are in the message just because this is a message church just because we might tag ourselves to have a message religion per se. That ain't going to save our relationship. That ain't going to save our relationship. The only thing that will save our relationship is relationship. We have got to have a genuine, sincere, wholehearted conversion to Jesus Christ. A and that's the only way we're going to have any success. If we just come into say a marriage with a perception, hey, I'm in the message. I I know well God sent a prophet and I I've always believed that and it's going to be just fine and that's going to save my relationship. It ain't going to work. We could be heading for a real problem and that's why we have to know that we know that we have a real relationship with the Lord. But you know just deeds alone they won't cut it. They will not work. And and I love how he he mentioned that Martin Luther how sincere he was. And it became a little bit confusing, I think, the way that brother Joel mentioned this and and it really caused me to write a note right after this. He said, "The more sincere we become, the more likely we are to fall for a religion." And you know, I I think it's really good. It's really important. I'm going to dwell on this for a little bit because if it caused any confusion, I really want to try and fill in the potholes. maybe mill the road a little bit and and just get things leveled out and nice and smooth because how many of us want a religion tonight? Not one hand. Exactly. Right. I think this will be easier than I thought. Nobody wants a fig leaf, do we? We want a relationship with Jesus Christ. Sometimes we can be so sincere, but you know what brother Brandham said? We can be sincerely wrong. Sincerity is not what does it. It is all about relationship. And just because we're sincere, it doesn't mean almost anything. Sometimes we can be so sincere in the way we apologize, but if we don't change our behavior in our life, are we sincere? And have we really apologized? Have we really tried to make it better if we just keep acting the same way? I'm sorry, honey, that I did that. I'm so sincere the way I say it and and I'm I'm maybe I say it sincerely with tears, but then tomorrow I just do the same thing. Next week I do the same thing. Six months I do the same thing. Am I really sincere? We can be sincerely wrong. And you know, all of this discussion from last week, it really got me thinking right when he was preaching it. It it just really made me think about it. So, I I just brought up a quote in my mind and so I had to pull it up in the message and uh if you don't mind bringing it up. Did you get the email? I did get it out tonight. All right. I didn't leave my friends in the sound booth high and dry. It's out of the church age book and it's in the Sriian church age and it's talking about Polycarp. Remember Polycarp from that study and how sincere he was. Brother Brandham, he's talking about the the choosing of the actual messenger. how he was able to land on on on the choice of of the messengers for the age. He says in the messenger for this uh paragraph, using our God-given rule of choosing the messenger for each age, we unhesitatingly declare that Iranius was exalted by the Lord to that position. He was the disciple of that great saint and warrior of faith, Polycarp, excuse me. And it is no doubt, sorry, it's no doubt as he sat at the feet of that great man, he learned the Christian graces that flowed from his consecrated life. For Polycarp was one of the truly illustrious saints of all ages when viewed in the light of a blameless life. You will remember from your own reading that Polycarp was martyed. If you have the Fox's book of martyrs, you would see that. You'd be able to read all about him in that book. So that's where your own reading would come in, I'm sure. Too old to flee and too sincere a man to allow another to hide him and then suffer a penalty for doing so, he gave himself up to death. But before he did, he asked for and was granted permission to pray two hours for his brethren in the Lord, for the governor, for his enemies and his capttors. How many of us would do that? Like the great saints of all ages, and desiring a better resurrection, he stood firm, refusing to deny the Lord, and died with a free conscience. My, what a way to go. He was placed at the stake, untied at his own request, and the fire was lit. The fire bent away from his body, refusing to touch him. Imagine that. He was then pierced through with a sword. Sounds familiar, sort of, doesn't it? He was pierced through with a sword. As this was done, water gushed from his side, drowning the flames. Can you imagine what those people must have thought as they experienced this? Water gushed from his side, drowning the flames. His spirit was actually seen to depart in the form of a white dove released from his bosom. Yet for all this great testimony, this student of John the Revelator was not militant against the Nickelan system, for he himself leaned toward organization, not realizing that the desire for fellowship and what appeared like a good plan to foster the work of God was really a trick of the enemy. Remember brothers and sisters, the enemy is going to come and he is going to creep into the framework of the Christian church causing it to become lukewarm, formal and powerless. And how is that going to happen? Right here, right? Not being militant against the nickelan system. And what is the nickelan system? I'll say it in in layman's terms, kind of my way of talking. What that is is the leadership of man and not the leadership of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And it can be as simple as having a little church group and having voices in the background telling the pastor that it ought to be done this way or it ought to be done that way or we should do it the other way. Instead of saying we need the leadership of the Holy Ghost, getting together on the nights of the prayer meetings and saying, "These are the topics that we would like to pray about. Let's pray about these together for the leadership of the church." You know, brothers and sisters, it really struck me, like I said, at that little Baptist kids camp for a brother to get up there as a Baptist and say, "The only way forward for a church is on its knees. What if that whole entire church's success depended on you?" Woo. It really got my attention. It made me think, my Lord, help me. But I know we could say that's it's a Baptist church. It's a Baptist camp. It doesn't apply. Prayer applies. Prayer applies more than anything does. And you know what? this this antichrist spirit that will creep into the framework of the Christian church and cause it to become lukewarm and formal and powerless. Brother Brandham says it over and over and over again in this exposition of the seven church ages. This nickelan spirit that wants to get into the church and try and tell it how to run things. You know what? It can be as simple as a supernatural experience. We had a supernatural experience. We played that music before service. We actually had that song leader sing the song. He sang these songs and and so and so was on the piano. so and so was on the guitar and we had such and such deacon and and all these different things and you know what we need to do? We need to do that again next week because it was such a good service last week. As soon as we start to do that and say this is the way we make it happen, it's gone because we're putting a period behind the spirit of God. We need to allow him to move. It's got to be the freedom of the Holy Ghost moving in our service, in our in our in what we do here. every single time is going to be different and it will be different the way that he wants it to be which is so beautiful. We need to give him the opportunity to do that. But as soon as we actually say we've got this now we can actually do it our way and we're going to make it great. That's not the way it's going to work. It's a nickelan system. And you know as long as I'm here I'm going to preach against that because that nickelan system I can see it loud and clear now that we've studied that church age book the way that we did. That is what killed every single church age. That's where the the messenger had the message. But the spirit moved on. It went from one age to the next age to the next age. And here we are at the culmination of all the ages. Don't think for a second that that same exact nickelan spirit is not sitting here in this church tonight thinking that he's going to get a foothold. He ain't going to get a foothold. There's no room for that nickelan spirit here. Uh-uh. ain't going to happen because that nicicoatan spirit is an antichrist spirit. And you know what? Anything contrary to the word of God is antichrist. So let's just be clear about that. It's not a big raging monster. Alls it is is having our will and saying I will not succumb to the will of the word of God. I want to do it my way. And if we say that, that's Antichrist. That's how treacher it is. It treacherous it is. But anyways, this guy um Polycarp who was so sincere, he was not militant against this nickelan spirit. That was the downfall is what brother Brandham said in this book. It was the nicicoatan system. For he himself leaned towards organization, not realizing that the desire for fellowship and what appeared like a good plan to foster the work of God was really a trick of the enemy. outside of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, this will happen to us. We'll think we're doing things just right and we'll find out too late that it's just wrong. With Iranius, this was not so. He was militant against any form of organization. And that's where I say amen, brother, because I want to see it free in the spirit in here. Don't you? You want to see a worship service free in the spirit? Somebody gets inspired to play by the spirit. Would we want to say, "Uhoh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We've got an exact way that we like to do it here. Somebody wants to sing in the spirit in a special." No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You've got to be quiet. Make sure at the sound booth you turn them down. Keep them down. Don't get it too excitable in here. We can't do tambourine. Forget about it. Uh-uh. Not here. Not as not as long as I'm here. We're going to do all of the opposites to that. All of it. Because if it's a cultural barrier that's going to say that we can't do that, we can't sing and shout to the Lord, then we got something wrong. Why couldn't we sing and shout to the Lord in the spirit? Amen. We have to. So that's why I feel inspired tonight to just go down this road, brothers and sisters. It's important. Works ain't going to save us. Works ain't going to save our our church. works are not going to actually do anything for us except for give us a fig leaf. We're going to have a covering. Ianius was not with Iranius. This was not so. He was militant against any form of organization. Also, his life history wherein he served the Lord was one of much manifestation in the Holy Spirit. And the word was taught with unusual clarity and conformity to its original precepts. As I'm reading this, brothers and sisters, studying this, I'm thinking, Lord, have mercy. Help me to have something that would maybe be clear enough to encourage someone somewhere along the way that it would become a manifestation of the Holy Spirit where maybe, just maybe, it would be as simple as leaving a service and have someone say, "Brother Barry, do you know that we were just talking about that exact scripture?" And and you know, I'm seeing that happen and I'm I'm certainly thankful. I had a conversation with Sister Shelley when we preached about take up your cross. People might think, you know, Brother Barry and Sister Shelley had a a briefing before service that Sunday. We never talked. There's no discussion about that. But afterwards, I find out that's the scripture that the the Sunday school class took. You know, when I was in the world, I I I had a a man that worked with me and and he was a Jehovah's Witness. And uh I'm sure that the Lord has grace for me for my uh misbehavior towards him. I didn't treat him very well. And uh I know that I didn't and I don't know where he's at now. So I don't know if I'd even be able to apologize to him, but I know it's not him that I was foolish about. It was towards the Lord. And uh by his grace, I I think he knows my heart. Um, but anyways, this fellow, he told me the uh the Jehovah's Witnesses, they study and and present the exact same material all around the world within the same 24 hours. Everybody hears the exact same word. And and I remember being so fascinated by that, thinking how organized they are, how tremendously organized they must be to be able to do that because they're in every single country all around the world as far as I know. But how could they do that? How could they have these exact same sermon um titles and everything that they preach, the same material? And and you know, I I came in around the message and uh got around the dynamics of the Holy Spirit and come to realize it's the exact same thing for real without the communication of man. There's no technology involved. The only thing that's happening is it's the same spirit here as over here and over there and and over yonder. the exact same spirit that's just bringing forth the same word. So, it's interesting because you can see man's work uh trying to make it happen and and deposing the Holy Ghost in his ability to be able to make it happen on himself. It's it's such a strange thing. It's amazing to look at though. But this man here, he he was one of manifestation of the Holy Spirit. And I just can't help but think that would be what the the testimony would desire to be of every single believer, one with much manifestation of the Holy Spirit. And it's not all about speaking in tongues and laying on of hands and being able to speak to storms and speaking things into existence. Brothers and sisters, living a life with the manifestation of the Holy Spirit is just living according to the word of God. That is the hardest thing to do to stay in line with this word. I I think that is the most tremendous difficult thing there is for a human life to do is to conform. No, be transformed into a new creature that would be able to live this gospel. It's probably easier to speak a storm to go back to where it came from than to see a human being get completely transformed into a new creature. my and the word was taught with unusual clarity and conformity to its original precepts. That's where I just love the message of the hour because he just preached what Paul preached. Brother Brandham, you just said we just preach what Paul preached. That's it. We just want to keep it simple. We don't want to try and make it um too too technical. And a lot of people like it that way and and deep, but you know, uh I think if we get the Holy Ghost, we've pretty much got all the depth we need. We'll understand what the seals are. We'll understand what the horse riders are. We'll understand the history of the church. We'll understand the exposition of the seven church ages when we read it. But he taught it with unusual clarity and conformity to its original precepts. His churches in France were known to have the gifts of the spirit among them. For the saints spoke in tongues, prophesied, raised the dead, and healed the sick by the prayer of faith. He saw the danger of any kind of organized brotherhood among the elders, pastors, etc. So, Brother Barry is not just making this up. This is someone that actually I think this is in here for a purpose for us to understand that it's not just in the pastoral office. It's it's in the organization of the brotherhood amongst the elders. And you know, there's a balance to it, too, because we could say if there's any such thing as a program, we're just not going to have it because that's what Brother Brandham said. But, you know, there's there's there's different things that we have to have that are maybe a type of program. But here's the thing. This is where I will say this for sure that you know what, we're not interested in trading power for programs because that's what brother Brandham said. The church would do is trade their power for programs. But the programs that we be trading the power for is to let this take place where the the the program of the behindthe-scenes leadership is going to manipulate the way this church goes. That's the program that's going to take away the power because it no longer becomes a spiritledd church. It becomes a church led by men. And I just love it because brother Brandham, he said it, you know, you'll never denominate this Even though we talked about I don't know if we if brother Joel mentioned it last last uh Wednesday, but even though there's people that have tried and and are attempting to denominate the message of the hour and say that it's got to be done this way at this time and everyone does it, so it must be right and and it's not right just because everyone does it. We know that. We've talked about it many times. He stood solidly for a unified, spiritfilled, gift manifesting local church. And God honored him for the power of God manifested among the saints. And I just can't say enough, brothers and sisters, that's my desire. I'd like to see the power of God manifest in my life, and he does in in the way that I think he sees fit for it to happen. But my goal is to see the power of God manifest in your lives. That is my truest desire is just to see the the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ come from the testimony services that we hold where where co-workers talk about it and neighbors talk about it and and you talk about all these different things that happen in your life. Not so much the supernatural but maybe the supernatural. It's up to the Lord for that to happen. He goes on to say he was also clear on his understanding of the Godhead. This I love because many times the Godhead doctrine can become so technical and so difficult to understand. We can we can take people and send them on a roundtrip journey talking about the godhead. And sometimes I feel like people like to do it in such a way that it makes them feel scholarly. It makes them sound scholarly. But I love the way he actually makes this explained here. And he he goes on and says, "And since he was the disciple of Polycarp, who in turn was the disciple of St. John, we can know for sure he had as perfect teaching as is possible on this subject." In volume 1, page 412 of the Anti Nyian Fathers, we have this statement by him on the Godhead. All other expressions likewise bring out the title of one. And the same being the Lord of power, the Lord, the Father of all, God almighty, most high, Creator, Maker, and such like. These are not the names and the titles of a succession of different beings, persons, but of one and the same. He pointed out clearly that these are but titles as is rose of Sharon, bright and morning star, fairest of 10,000, etc. Neither is there but one God. His name is Lord Jesus Christ. The Godhead. Amen. But sometimes it's just made so technical. I don't believe that he wants to be technical. Nobody can compare. Nobody's going to be able to match wits with with God. He holds the offices. It's his spirit in every one of them. He goes on to say, "Thus with his strict adherence to the word, his wonderful understanding of scripture, and the attendance of the power of God upon that ministry, he's the right choice for the age." It is altogether unfortunate that the other ages did not have in their messengers such a balance of fruit, power, and leadership in the Holy Spirit and the word. Can you imagine? I I just it just astounds me to think about that. Brother Brandham saying that that it's too bad that the rest of them just didn't have what he had, right? Going on with our discussion tonight, the just shall live by faith about what brother Joel was talking about last week and how Luther he he had the the 95 thesis that he put up on uh on Halloween night, tacked it to the door and total defiance of what the church was doing. I I just think it's a wonderful thing. Who Who are the just? The just shall live by faith. This is where I wanted to get into, brothers and sisters. And you know the the concordance, it's uh G1342. It's equitable in character or act by implication, innocent, holy, absolutely, or relatively just, meat, righteous. The just shall live by faith. And that's G4102. It's persuasion in credence, moral conviction of religious truth or the truthfulness of God or a religious teacher especially reliance upon Christ for salvation abstractly consistency in such profession by extension the system of religious gospel truth itself assurance belief belief faith faith fidelity, the just, those ones, they're the ones that will live by faith. And sometimes I think this is taken and and and it's kind of mixed up. We can mix it up in our life and and we can we can start to say this in such a way that indeed it's true. The just, those ones who actually believe, who really, really give all that they have and not their money, not their time, all that they have, their heart wholly and completely to the Lord Jesus Christ. They have that kind of experience. Those are the just ones and they're going to live by faith. But you know what they're not going to do is not provide for their families. Sometimes the just will live by faith. The just shall live by faith. We can just say, you know, God's just going to give me a job and I know it's going to happen in my life and I don't have to do anything about it. Or I know that I'm going to do this and God's just going to make it happen in my life and and I don't have to do anything about it. We still have to get out of bed in the morning. We still have to live our lives. We still have to interact in this world. We can't just expect God to do it all for us. The children of Israel didn't just get picked up and set down in the promised land, right? They had to actually fight for every single inch. And brother Brandham says that we have to fight for every single inch of our promised land too. And that is getting into Christ, getting into the Holy Ghost, the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. I believe this with all my heart. When we get truly into the baptism of the Holy Ghost, then maybe we'll just move on and start talking about all kinds of different things. I I don't know. The Lord just keeps taking me back here with this. And uh you know, as we go, when we truly get the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it's going to be Mark 16 in action. Brothers and sisters, that's the word of God. It has to be that way. That's the pattern that's set out. And and that's what the word of God says. That's what the church age book says. It is Mark 16 in action. He even says it in the church age book that all else is what? False. So we have to see Mark 16 in action in our church, in our lives. And I'm not saying that we're s searching seeking signs and wonders. I'm just saying that's the pattern. Where are we tonight? Where am I tonight? Am I dedicated enough to actually see the manifestation as we read about in in brother Ireanius's life? I say, 'Lord, help me. My in Romans 1:1 17, for therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith, as it is written, the just shall live by faith. I love it how when a prophet Paul speaking to the Romans will bring a word. He's not going to bring a new word. He's not going to bring something different. He's going to actually point back to what's already been said. That's the the the keystone. That's the hallmark for prophets in this world in which we live in. They're not bringing new words. They're pointing back to the word. Amen. And so, you know, I just can't help but think he he may have been talking about Habac in chapter 2, verse four. Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him, but the just shall live by his faith. Now, this is where it gets beautiful, brothers and sisters, because we're not looking, this is why we talk about the Holy Ghost. We're not talking about having faith in God. The Catholic Church has faith in God. The Pentecostal Church has faith in God. They all believe in God. But what we need is not faith in God. We need the faith of God in us. It's got to be God's faith living out through us. When it's God's faith living out through us, that's next level. That's when we get up and start walking down the road and saying, "Lord, what will you have me do today?" Not sitting on the couch at home saying, "Lord, I've put out a few e applications. will you please send me a job? No, we'll go and knock on doors. We'll get out of bed and we'll be going up and down the street saying, "Send me a job, Lord." And you know what? We'll bump into people and we'll talk to people and at the least expected moment, something will happen because we're marching forward. And and you know, that's in the natural. How much more in the spiritual? That's why we gather together on a Wednesday night. That's why we make the effort to go across the city or into the city. We do it because it's not our faith. It's his faith inside of us. In Galatians 3:1, but that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God. Nobody has perfect works. So just forget about it. All of the churchianity that we can muster up, it ain't enough, right? But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident, for the just shall live by faith. the just, those ones who are the upright, the ones that are already justified. But, you know, we're not looking for the faith of God. We're looking or the faith in God. We're looking for the faith of God. That is exactly what we're after, brothers and sisters. In in Hebrews chapter 10:35, "Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompense of reward. For ye have need of patience, that after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise." Isn't that beautiful? That scripture there just just gives it to us. It spells it out. after ye have done the will of God, not the will of man, not not not God's will and my will intermingled together, a hybrid condition. It's after we have done the will of God, you might receive the promise. So, if we're outside of the word of God in any way of our lives, in anything that we're doing, how can we expect to see the promise come to pass in our life? If we want to see the things happen according to Mark 16 in action, we've got to put that word first. Absolutely unequivocally first. And unfortunately, even to the place where we've had the conversations, even if it takes our hide off of us, put that word first. Everything else becomes second. For ye have need of patience, that after ye have done the will of God, you might receive the promise. for yet a little while, and he that shall come will come and will not tarry. Now the just shall live by faith. But if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him. And you know, this isn't just Paul talking to the Hebrews and Paul saying that my soul won't won't have any pleasure in him. We know that this is the word of God here being spoken in verse 39. But we are not of them who draw back unto pition, but of them that believe to the saving of the soul. And I think it's just so beautiful, brothers and sisters. What I'm talking about tonight is is not just the faith in God that when, you know, should something come our way, a calamity happen in our life where we have to actually expire in this flesh that we're just going to go on into glory and be saved. Sure enough, salvation is part of the dual covenant. But there's things that we need in our lives, and we we we prayed it earlier tonight. He will supply all of our needs according to his riches in Christ Jesus. But unless we're willing to put his word first, we can't hardly expect to see all of that manifest, the other part of that dual covenant in our life. And if we have anything missing, then we just need to go back and find it. We just need to put the pieces together and allow the Lord to be able to do it. Now, just just just for the record, I'm going to say it. I'm not saying I'm not trying to preach that we should be sign seekers. But at the same time, oughtn't we to be more surprised when our prayers aren't answered according to his word than when they are when we have a great tremendous miracle in our life. It gets us excited to see it. But, you know, we're believers here. Amen. That's why we have the testimony services. And you know, don't take it lightly for a second. When we have a testimony service, it's an opportunity, I would say it, I have in the past, I'll say it again, to give the devil a black eye to tell them, "No, it's not a God of William Brandham in prayer lines back in the 60s." And it's not going to be in the millennium. It's right here and now. Mark 16 in action is his church. And I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Amen. not looking for it in the future. Not not not looking back to the past and just ignoring what's going on. No, I'm actually a partaker of it. He He's actually living out through me. It it's his life living out through me. We'll probably get into a bit of that on Sunday. He talks about it. The word becoming flesh and flesh becoming the word. So, who who are we really? You know, when uh we call ourselves the bride of Jesus Christ, I I can say there's Mrs. Johnson right there. And and you know, if she were to take the official title, it wouldn't be Mrs. Lisa Johnson. It would be Mrs. Barry Johnson. It's interesting how that works. I remember I was fascinated as a child when I saw that the first time. Why is it that way? It's the way that God intended it for it to be or it wouldn't be that way. But it's what he intends for his bride. Amen. Mrs. Jesus Christ and the invisible union of the bride of Jesus Christ. You brother Bradomy talks about it. We've got a few minutes, so I'm just going to go back a little bit. I've said this many times in the past, been a long time, so I figured I would probably be safe to say it again tonight. You know, in in paragraph 263 of the invisible union, if you were to just go back further from where I actually sent you that quote, if you're going into the message, if not, it's okay. Brother Brandam, he says, "You're standing completely justified." Remember, the just shall live by faith. You are standing completely justified as though you never did it. This message is the invisible union of the bride of Jesus Christ. And I say this, I'll say at the beginning of this, the invisible union of the bride of Jesus Christ. It's not a fig leaf. It's not an opportunity for us to say, you know what, the the relationship that I've got with Jesus Christ, it's just invisible. You can't see it. No, you can't see it. But you bear fruit that shows it. Our lives bear record. It is very visible when we've had this invisible union because we don't have two fleshes coming together to be one like we do in this world where husband and wife come together, right? But yet something happens supernaturally. There is an invisible union. But it bears record in our flesh because we're no longer the same person. We're no longer the same creature. All of the things that used to control us have no power over us anymore. You are standing completely justified. The just shall live by faith as though you never did it at the beginning. This is my message to the church. Now, as you know, as we go off the air just in a minute, you are standing. If you're standing on God's word and with God's word, every amen, every jot, every tit, where are you standing? I'm trying to tell you, pull away from them shucks. And you know, he's talking about denominations, denominational thinking. Pull away from them things. Pull away from all those things. You know, I grew up in a Pentecostal church and when I came around the message of the hour, I thought that I had a little bit of an understanding and I did have a little bit of an understanding. A little bit, tiny bit, teeny weeny. But, you know, there was times where I would hear brother Brandham come contrary to the teaching that I had as a kid. And you know, when he did that, I had the choice to say, I'm just going to take that with a grain of salt and I'm just going to put it off to the side and not really know what to do with it. I'm just going to push it over here and, you know, just not really look at it. I I did that a time or two, but then I came to the place where I realized, listen, man, if if you're going to actually do this, you better do it all. You better set everything that you think you know off to the side instead of setting the stuff that's coming to you as a teaching as the fruit of the spirit and actually just set it all aside and just allow God to wash you by the water of the word and see if it doesn't add up according to his word. And you know what brothers and sisters, as soon as I did that, things changed for me spiritually dramatically, exponentially changed for me. And I can say the same thing. If you want to see that happen in your life, just be willing to say, even though I grew up in a message church and I've got an idea that it should be this way, just maybe say for a second, let me step back. Let me take brother Barry's challenge for a second and just see if God won't actually reveal himself to me just a little bit differently than he did to mama or dada. Because it's not for them, it's for you. We've got to be willing to set aside all that we think we know. But if we're not willing to do that, we're just going to be stuck. We're gonna actually find ourselves in a position where we've got a religion. Brother Brandham says, "I'm trying to tell you, pull away from them shucks. Pull away from all of that denominational thinking, all of that traditional stuff. Push it away and let God reign in our lives." And he says, "And get out here in the wheat where you can get right before the sun. I hear the comment of the combine. You're standing complete, justified, like you never did it in the first place. Hallelujah. And if you listen to this, I highly recommend it. He gets a real excited here. He says, "Talk about a thanksgiving." This is his Thanksgiving message. I feel real good. I'm more thankful for that than anything I know of. You are the pure, virtuous, sinless bride of the son of the living God. Every man and woman that's born of the spirit of God and washed in the blood of Jesus Christ and believes every word of God stands as though you never sin at the first place. You are perfect. Amen. Amen. Now, I wasn't sure whether this is the direction to go, but I hear brother Paul pray that prayer tonight. I'm like, "Amen." in the office tonight. This is the quote that I wanted to get into. I better I better hyper down here. Sorry. Just gets me so excited to think about this. The just shall live by faith. Not the faith in God, but the faith of God literally living out through them. My he goes on to say, "Oh, that spiritual union of Christ and his church." Now, now when we read this, remember the prophet said he was told to go and store up food for a season, right? He was putting grain in the granary so that David could come and take it, you know. Anyways, here we have brother Brandham. He's saying this. Don't go back and say, "Well, that was Christ in his church now in 1965." Don't do that. Make it real tonight. 2025 Calgary Living Word Assembly, Brother So and So, Sister So and So, us right here and now. and his church now when the flesh is becoming word and the word is becoming flesh manifested vindicated not just me saying oh man I I know that I can say that I'm one of them it's the word becoming flesh in my flesh can't you see it look at this beautiful shirt that I think I got you know can't you see it it's the word becoming flesh you know talk is cheap yes how do we live what will what will I think we've heard brother Gilbert say What will our enemies say about us? What will our spouses say about us? What will our children say about us? Who are you behind closed doors? Because that's who you really are. And you know, if you you're not sure, just add a little bit of pressure to that person behind closed doors. And then the truth comes out. Now, I say that Lord, help me. My family will look at me and say, "Yeah, brother Barry, remember two weeks ago? Yeah, I remember it better than you." Unfortunately, you don't forget those things and you feel like an idiot. But you know what? We can learn from them and we can change from them. And if we're willing to do that, then we're willing to grow. But if we just keep doing the same thing over and over again, we know that's the definition of insanity. But here, I want to encourage us tonight, brothers and sisters, don't look at this flesh. Look at the word. Just be willing to submit ourselves to the word of God and and realize that he's talking about us here, his church. Now, when the flesh is becoming word, and the word is becoming flesh, manifested, vindicated, just what the Bible said would happen in this day, it's happening day by day. Not just in brother Brandham's day, right here, today. Why? It's culminating so fast out there in those deserts and things taking place that I couldn't keep even keep up with it. We're near the coming of Jesus to be united with his church where the word becomes the what? Brothers and sisters, we might not even make it till morning. You know what's going on in the world. We all know what's going on in the world. This world is not our home. It has never been as far down the road as it is right now. Amen. There's many people that have said there's there's World War II, it's already underway and it's got to do with the Pope and everything and everything, but here we have literally just about boots on the ground, planes in the air. We all know where we are. We're near the coming of Jesus to be united with his church where the word becomes the word. Call of the Holy Spirit searching the hearts. This is the part I wanted to get to tonight, brothers and sisters. I'll call them musicians as I as I close here. He says, "You're standing completely. You never sinned at the first place. It's not even like you never did it. You never did it." He says here, "You're standing completely. You never sinned at the first place. God, don't even know nothing." It's in the sea of forgetfulness. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser. And we know the accuser is still standing there right now trying to accuse us. But any one of these days we're going to go right up where he is and he's going to come down. Just like lightning. But really from the beginning you were predestinated to be a son or daughter of God. You were predestinated to be a son or daughter of God. are standing there washed and your old book of divorcement is put away and it's dead absolutely out of existence even in the mind of God. He says, "You're the virtuous bride of Christ, washed in the blood of Christ. Precious, virtuous, sinless son of God, standing with the pure, unadulterated bride word." Hallelujah. Bride word that he washed by the water of his own blood. That's why just take Jesus being God out of the equation and all of this. It's just like a a tire. You pop and and it just It just goes flat because if Jesus wasn't God, it's over. We're wasting our time. Maybe stand with me as we close. That became flesh and manifested that he might take you which were predestinated in the bosom of the father before the beginning. The same as he was. He was that great attribute of God called love. Whatever you are, whatever you are, you are servants of God. Whatever God wants you to do, where your place is, God placed in the church some apostles, prophets, teachers, pastors, he placed that by virtue of his own predestination. And you were that to begin with. Every one of us has a role to play. Brothers and sisters, just accept that word, that word as the absolute and it will change everything. God bless you tonight. Let's just bow. Heavenly Father, Lord, we love you tonight. We thank you for your word. Thank you, Father, for sending us a dedicated prophet, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus, that we can recognize that there is a dual covenant. It's for the healing of our bodies and the saving of our souls, Lord. Father, help us as we go forwards tonight and through the rest of this week, Lord, as we consider what we're doing with our lives and where we're going and what we do on a day-to-day basis. Lord, help us to consider that word becoming in our flesh. A and and help us recognize that in our flesh, we can see that word becoming manifest as well. Lord, help us to consider discerning the Lord's body on Sunday. Lord, as we come to the communion table, Father, help us, Lord Jesus, to come with sincere hearts, Lord. Oh, Father, tonight I just want to pray that Lord, perhaps there would be some sincere hearts that would actually come to the communion table, Lord, that don't normally. Help us, Lord, to draw close to you. Father, your word says that if we draw nigh unto you, that you will draw nigh unto us. Help us, Lord Jesus. Tonight, we just love you and we thank you. We just commit all the words that were spoken into your hands now, Father, into your children's hearts, Lord. Help us, Father, to go forwards with your leadership in this church. Let it be your spirit and your spirit alone, Father, that leads us. We love you and we thank you. We ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we sing 11:32? We cry out your name. [Music] Father of life, seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved. You have said if we call upon your name, Amen. could be saved. So we can cry out your name. Hell should I go of grace? Lord most high Jesus Christ we rely [Applause] on your grad. [Music] Praise Lord [Music] Jesus Christ. Father of love, never failing to for you. Each moment is a gift from you to me. We're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] We are your [Music] most high Jesus Christ 109. 19. This is your house. This is your house. Hallelujah. This is your house, Father. Come and dwell. This is your house. is a holy house of prayer where the lost and the ly bring their burdens and this is your house. This is your house. [Music] We dedicate this temple to you. Glory the san [Music] the praises of your people. Lord we are free in unity. [Music] This is your house. Come and this is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their tears. This is your house. [Music] This is your house. [Music] is decorate us with grace and mercy. [Applause] Let healing and redemption find Lord have your way. We have the gra. This is your house. This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their gifts. This is your house. This is your house. [Music] Amen. 757. Take the name of Jesus with you. [Music] Take the name of Jesus with you, child of sorrow and he will join in my [Music] take Wherever you go, precious things. Oh, how sweet. Oh my word and joy of heaven. Precious, precious. Oh, how sweet. Oh my joy of heaven and the name of Jesus falling prostrate at his feet. King of Jes. [Music] God bless you tonight. Oh, I see. Oh my precious. [Music] Oh my joy. [Music] She was there. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Are you [Music] sir? [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] There's [Music] [Music] Are you sing? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
