################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-23 - 2025-07-23 Bro. Barry - For This Saying - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-23
Title:    2025-07-23 Bro. Barry - For This Saying
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55Tj91v1Qo0
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson 
July 23th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you once again this evening. God bless each one. Welcome to the house of the Lord this evening. Brother Steve, good to have you as well. Each one of you trust the Lord's been gracious to you through the week. And here we are tonight to worship the Lord to start with light of the world. Here I am to worship. Oh light of the world, you step down into darkness. You open my eyes. Let me see. Oh beauty that made this heart adore you. Oh my life spent with you. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Oh, and king of all days. Oh, so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Oh, humbly you came to the earth. You created all for love's sake became poor. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. Oh, and I'll never know. Sorry, I don't know that bridge. I'm sorry. How much it cost to see my sin upon that cross? I'll never know how much it cost. to see upon that cross. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're allto together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. [Music] And I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength. But sometimes I wonder what he can do through me. Oh, no great success to show, no glory of my own. Yet in my weakness, he is there to let me know. His strength is perfect when our strength is gone. He'll carry us when we cannot carry on. Raised in his power, the weak becomes strong. His strength is perfect. Oh, his strength is perfect. Maybe stand at me if you would. But to me, so would you come for the uh chorus? but to be so. We can only know the power that he holds when we truly see how deep our weakness goes. Oh yes, his strength in us begins when our comes to an end. And he hears our humble cry and proves again. His strength is perfect when our strength is gone. He'll carry us when we cannot carry on. Raised in his power, the weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. Let's bow and pray. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, we love you Lord. Dear Lord, this is nothing but the truth. Lord, your strength is perfect. Lord, one of those benefits, Lord, of being your children, Lord. And it's one of the reasons, Lord, we are here this evening, Lord, to draw that strength, Lord, from you, Lord, from your word, Lord Jesus Christ. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, we cannot express how much we love you. Lord, your word is so good for us. Lord, it protects us, Lord, from a lot of things that we cannot comprehend. Lord Jesus Christ, only if we can understand and only if we can just yield more, Lord Jesus Christ. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, we love you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, you are the great shepherd. And Lord Jesus Christ, you said your sheep hear your voice. And Lord Jesus Christ, we are here because you have called us. Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we love you, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we know this is a midweek service and our minds could be everywhere. Lord, we are tired. But Lord Jesus Christ, we just pray that we just get in the spirit of worship, &gt;&gt; the spirit of receiving your word, Lord Jesus Christ, that we have enough strength, Lord, to push through the weak, Lord Jesus Christ. And be the light to this world, Lord Jesus Christ, and fulfill the purpose, Lord Jesus Christ, you have called us to do to be, Lord Jesus Christ, to this world, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we love you, Lord. We just commit the song service, the musicians, even the preacher Lord into your to your hands Lord. We just want to hear your mind, not men's mind, Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord Jesus Christ, in our midst, Lord, we are your children with different needs, Lord Jesus Christ. May you address those needs, Lord, even through singing and even through your word, Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord Jesus Christ above all Lord give us revelation and understanding of your word Lord Jesus Christ. And it's only you who can give that Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we love you. We bless your holy name. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you my brother. Take your seats tonight. I have a source of strength when I am weak that takes me through. When life is pressing me, [Music] I have a source of power from above. Isn't that the truth tonight? Oh, I'm covered over by thy shield of blood. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Oh, those precious blood saints, they were made there just for me. For all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. Oh Lord, when I need healing, I cling preious blood. I do not know how others make its rules, who never go to Calary as I do. For there's aing [Music] cleansing stream which flows with peace and only the redeemed. Oh yes, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those precious blood saints were made there just for me. And all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Those precious blood saints, they were made there just for me. Oh, and all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. [Music] When I need healing, I claim those precious blood stains. When I need healing, I claim those preious blood stains. And just hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh your hopes on things eternal and just hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Time is filled with swift transition. Oh not earth on who can stand. Oh just build your hopes on things eternal. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, and build your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's unchanging hands. I love this verse. Oh, trust in him who will not leave you. Is that wonderful news tonight? Oh, what soever years may bring. Oh, if my earthly friends forsake trust still more closely to him please. Oh, let's just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Oh, just build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand [Music] and covered not this world's vain riches. Oh that so rapidly decay for seek to gain those heavenly treasures for they shall never pass away. Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. Help me, Lord. Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Just hold to God. a changing man. [Music] And when your journey is completed and if to God you have been true. [Music] Oh fair and bright your home in glory. your and raptured soul shall you. Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, just hold to God's unchanging hand and build your hopes on things eternal. No, just hope you're God's unchanging. [Music] And you are deserving of all of my praisees, Lord, and I am yearning. Anyone else tonight to be in your presence once more? We brought it with us tonight. Deep inside my heart is yearning. I want to know you more. For you're the only one that I adore. How great you are. How great you are. Oh, you are the mighty king and you've come to reign in me. How great you are. How great you are. and I give you all the praises of my heart. Maybe stand with me if you would tonight as our call our pastor tonight. What a day that will be. He's deserving of our praises. What a day that'll be when we won't have to stop singing his praises out of this human flesh of ours. Our biggest enemy is ourselves as we know. Let's just sing this song tonight. Just think about project yourself to that next chapter of our lives. Well, there is coming a day when no heartache shall come, no more clouds in the sky, no more tears to dim the eye. Oh, and on is peace forever more. on that happy golden shore. Oh, what a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. Oh, when I look upon his face. Oh, that one who saved me by his grace and he takes me by the hand and he leads me through that promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. Oh, there will be no sorrow there. No more burdens to bear. No more sickness, no more pain, no more parting over them. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. Oh, what a day. Glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. [Music] But who save me by his grace? When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land, what a day, glorious day that will be. Amen. Amen. That day has never been closer. If you have a need tonight, we just want to invite you to defy gravity and bring it to the throne of mercy and grace. We just have a couple of requests we wanted to mention. We want to remember brother Peter who's traveling. He's in Ghana and he'll be away until the beginning of August. And uh we also have a request here for Sister Linda Dick's father, Brother Herman Fzen. He fell down and he'll be getting assessed tomorrow. And we just want to ask the Lord to intervene and touch our brother. If you have a need, just make it known unto him by the way of an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer tonight. Gracious heavenly father, we're so thankful that we have a place that we can come to, Lord. We're so thankful that we have a place that we can bring our prayers, Lord. Father, the many needs that we have in our lives, Father, we can bring them unto you, Lord. We know that you are more than able to meet each and every need. And Father, tonight one more time, we just want to take you at your word. Father, you said to come unto you, to bring unto you all of our needs, Lord Jesus, that our burdens, Father, are more than we can bear sometimes. But you said in your word that you would never give us more than we can bear. So, Father, tonight Lord Jesus, whatever the needs are behind the hands that were raised, we just want to bring them unto you tonight, Father, and thank you, Lord Jesus, for giving us the need, Lord, so that you could express yourself to us through that need, Lord. Father, that we could come to know you in a greater way. That's the only reason we have these needs in our lives. And father, if we could just have the right perspective, Father, Lord, we pray that you would meet the needs sovereignly according to your will, Lord. Tonight, we just want to remember Brother Herman Fzen, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray that you would just touch him now in the name of Jesus, that you would heal his body. Father, we thank you that we can remember him, Lord Jesus. Even though we're not geographically close, we know that time and space does not stop or hinder you, Father. So we thank you also for healing brother Herman and father tonight we just thank you for brother Peter Bochi Manu Lord we pray that you would be with him as he has traveled Lord while he mourns for his brother Father that you would just bear them up Lord Jesus be with the family Lord Jesus and Father if it be your will that you would bring him back home again safely at the appointed time Lord to his family and this body Lord Jesus tonight we love you and we thank you we just want to commit all these needs needs into your hands, Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Thank you, musicians. If you have your Bibles tonight, I would like to read uh familiar scripture we went over a little while ago in Mark chapter 7. Mark chapter 7 verse 24 talking about the Syrphenician woman who was a Greek which is a gentile in Mark 7 verse 24 says and from thence he arose and went into the borders of Ty in Sidon and entered into a house and would have no man know it. But he could not be hid. For a certain woman whose young daughter had an unclean spirit heard of him and came and fell at his feet. The woman was a Greek and a cyrophenician by nation. And she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter. But Jesus said unto her, "The children first be filled, for it's not meat to take the children's bread and cast it unto the dogs." And she answered and said unto him, "Yes, Lord, yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs." And he said unto her, for this saying, Go thy way, the devil is gone out of thy daughter. And when she was come to her house, she found the devil gone out, and her daughter laid upon the bed. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your word. We thank you that you are the same today as you were there, Father, on the coast of Ty and Siden, Lord Jesus. Speaking to that that little woman, Father, that had the need in her heart, Lord. She had the need in her family, Lord. She had the need in her child, Lord Jesus. And Father, Lord, even though you spoke to her in in a different way than maybe she was used to, Lord, she never gave up. There was something inside of her that knew who you were. &gt;&gt; And Father, tonight I pray that that same something would be inside of us, Lord. That we would recognize you just like that Cyrophenician woman did as well. Lord, as we turn to your word now, we pray that we could just surrender ourselves, Lord, our hearts and our minds. That Lord, we could just be knit together in love, Father. That the charity of your Holy Spirit would just minister from seat to seat, Lord, from heart to heart, Lord, in this building tonight. That when we leave here tonight, we would say truly that our hearts burned within us because we know you walked with us along the way. We love you tonight, Father. We just commit this service into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. We are certainly thankful to be back once again in the house of the Lord. We had a nice little journey this last week and I'd like to thank the brothers once again for stepping in um in mystead. It was a much needed break just to be with the family and to not be thinking about much of anything. But we all uh we all need to have breaks once in a while. And &gt;&gt; I was just so thankful to be able to do that, you know. And for those who were wondering what we did, we just jumped in the in the motor home and we drove we drove out to the west coast and drove through Victoria and uh then we went up north in Vancouver Island up to Tofino and we spent a couple days there in Tofino and around that area and it was just a wonderful, wonderful time. We didn't have any real bad weather which was nice. It was a little bit cloudy, but you know, it's just good to to get away. And one of the things that's tremendous, I think, is to be able to spend that much time driving. Uh, conversations are had. And you can get to know one another in a in a really good way. And it's it's kind of good because sometimes nobody can get away when you're having a conversation. And uh it's just the way it is, you know. Sometimes the conversations get tough and sometimes the conversations um just flow when they're easy, but it's just a wonderful thing to get away and have a little bit of a road trip. So, I want to thank everyone for stepping in and just giving us that opportunity to have a little break. We just have a couple of announcements I wanted to make. We have uh a wedding happening this Saturday, as I'm sure we're all aware of. It's brother Logan and sister Neve and uh it's going to be this Saturday and they have said they would love to celebrate with everyone but they are limited by numbers and the wedding that's happening is by invitation only. And they said however we would sincerely appreciate your prayers. So, if you don't mind, uh just please have a little bit of grace for them and offer them the best thing that you can and that is your prayer and uh encouragement as a new couple. So, we're certainly excited for them and what the Lord's done for them in their lives and uh as it turns into a life. It's going to go from two to one and we're certainly thankful to see that. So just pray for brother Logan and sister Neve and uh we're sure the Lord will bless their their marriage. We have uh brother Menel Freezen is going to be here. That's brother Logan's grandpa and he's a general in the gospel, a general in this message. And I just asked him if he would mind taking the service while he's here. He's a man who's seen just about every single wind of doctrine that could possibly blow through the message ranks and uh still he serves the Lord with all his heart, just loves the Lord and uh he's just a wealth of information. So we're certainly honored to have brother Menof Fzen uh who is also Sister Shel's dad take the service for us on uh Sunday. We have a potluck that's going to follow out at our house on Sunday. So, if you feel inclined, I'm sure there will be a poll. And if you would like to uh respond with what you plan to bring, that would be appreciated. We have a youth hike coming up on August the 9th, Saturday, August the 9th. And that's always a good time for the youth and anyone that desires to hike. I'm sure it will be just fine. We also have a picnic in the park. And we were going to try and do this at Bone S Park. And I know it became probably a little bit confusing because it was announced that way, but things changed. Um, and it's now going to be at what's called Prairie Winds Park. That's in the northeast. And that will be August the 31st. And there will be details to follow that. So, I trust that uh the Lord blesses our our summer as we go forwards. There's a couple other things brewing that's uh you know, brothers that are coming. I believe brother Danny Delmundo is potentially coming and uh we're just waiting for a confirmation from him. So, we're excited to see what uh what will transpire with that and uh yeah, we'll just see what the Lord has in store. Oh my, are you happy tonight? &gt;&gt; We uh talked about this story a little while ago about the Cyber Phoenician woman and how she was uh she was in need and she wasn't afraid that she was a Gentile. She wasn't afraid that Jesus was a Jew. She wasn't afraid that there was segregation. And uh you know, she had a need and that was something that was driving her. And uh she knew that someone was able to meet that need according to the testimonies that were going through the land. And this cyber phoenician woman, she was was inspired to go and see Jesus. But I think it's just beautiful. As we say many times, it's not always one-sided. In fact, it's never one-sided. And and you know, Brother Brandham says it very clearly that we don't desire Jesus, Jesus desires us. We don't seek the Lord, the Lord seeks us. Even though we do come to a place where we desire, we say, "What is this? What what what am I looking at? What what what is it I'm hearing? There's something about this that is inspiring to us, but we uh it's no accident. And tonight, I just want to talk about this Cyr Phoenician woman. And and you know, the thought for tonight, the inspiration for tonight was how this woman, she she answered. She she answered and said unto him, you know, Jesus, let's just go back a little bit just for the sake of it, you know, just to I guess make it fresh. We'll just read it again from verse 24. And and from thence he arose and went into the borders of Ty and Sidon. He went there specifically with a purpose. He didn't just go there willy-nilly because it was just the way uh he had to go. He went there for a very specific purpose. He entered into a house and would have no man know it, but he could not be hid. The people knew. There were testimonies swirling around about this guy. For a certain woman whose young daughter had an unclean spirit heard of him and came and fell at his feet. She had the right approach. She didn't just speak to him. She didn't just yell at him. She didn't just get someone to go and talk to him. She fell at his feet. She had a very specific approach. The woman was a Greek, a cyber phoenician by nation. And we know that the Greek is a gentile as well. and she besought him that he would cast forth the devil out of her daughter. But here's what Jesus' response is. The children must first be filled. We must first fill the children. For it's not meat to take the children's bread and cast it unto the dogs. And you know, brother Brandham talks about this, I think, in such an interesting way because here, here Jesus is taking a very insulting thought, a very insulting statement, and he's putting it in her lap. She's bringing the need. She's bringing the approach. She's being reverent, coming to him. And what does Jesus say? You know what? It's not it's not right for us to just for for me to just give it to the dogs. We got to feed the children first. We came to feed the the children of Israel first and and the dogs are the ones without the Gentiles, the heathens. They don't deserve the children's meat. And you know, I just love how brother Brandham talks about this because sometimes he he brings it forward, not sometimes, he does bring it forward to a a modern-day discussion where people can actually hear something like that in the church where maybe the preaching happens and someone says, you know, the whole service alls I heard was that guy just say that I'm a crow. I'm a crow. I'm a crow. And the other person talking to him says, you know, I I just can't believe it because alls I heard was that I'm an eagle. I'm an eagle. I'm an eagle. It's just the spirit that we're in. It's it's it's what we're we're doing in our own lives. What are we bringing to the party? Are we having the right approach? Even though sometimes the word of God might give us a little bit of a spanking, is it going to be enough for us to get up and run out and say, "I can't do that." Is it the man ministering or is it the Holy Ghost ministering? That's where we have to put it. And and I just think it's so interesting because this woman was insulted in a very insulting way. Dogs were not a pleasant creature in that land at that time. A dog was a very strong insult to call another human being. And she answered and said unto him, "Yes, Lord. Yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs. The dogs under the table, the Cyranicians, the Greeks, the people who are the heathens, the ones who are outside of the economy of the Jewish race. Those people live on the testimonies that they're hearing swirling around in the markets with the Jews. They live on those crumbs, those little morsels, those those tender bits that fall. They they hold their their they put a lot of weight in it. They think, you know, I've got a problem and if I could just get through and just maybe just maybe touch the hem of his garment, right? Maybe if I could just get his attention in just a little tiny way, maybe there would be hope for my child. maybe there would be hope for my need. But this woman, she said it, "Yep, even though I'm a dog, oh my, I I still eat the the crumbs under the table." And he said unto her, for this saying, "Go thy way. The devil has gone out of thy daughter." Tonight, I want to I want to call this, if I had to call this title this, I would say, "For this saying," you know, Brother Brad, I'm going to read the quotes. I get to them. I sent the email tonight. Thank you. I'm thankful that I did that. Um, but what I want to say is, Brother Brandham, he mentions this and he says Jesus didn't even pray for her. He didn't even lay hands on her. He didn't even go see her. He said, "For this saying." And whose saying was it? &gt;&gt; It was her saying. &gt;&gt; Doesn't matter. I know who I am. I'm a sinner saved by grace just like everybody else. I'm not holier than thou. I I know that there's nothing that I could ever do in my own self. It's only the grace of God. That's the only reason that I'm here. But because of that, she was able to say even the dogs, I know you called me a dog and I am a dog. I recognize I'm a dog, but even the dogs, they eat the crumbs. They still get fed. they still hear the testimonies of what the Lord's doing in our land. And I just can't help but think that's that's that's just the the way of a believer for this saying. And you know, tonight I don't want to just leave it back there in history. I want to bring it right up to modern-day events made clear by prophecy. We know the age in which we're living in, brothers and sisters. This is not the age of of discernment of the heart. This is not the age of of touching someone's hand and having a prayer line a and doing everything that the prophet did, trying to just repeat what the prophet did, trying to make a cookie cutter religion, a denomination surrounding this message of the hour. What we want to do is bring it into the true dynamic power of the Holy Ghost falling upon his people. When that happens, there's something that takes place. &gt;&gt; Then it's no longer him speaking. We know that Vashi had an attitude. We heard about it. Thank you, brother Emanuel. She did. She thought she was someone, didn't she? &gt;&gt; I'm the bride. I know who I am. And the king says, "I want to see your beauty. I know that you're so beautiful. I've had a really big celebration and I would just like to actually show you. I would like to bring you on display." Isn't it interesting that the bride came into preview two times? Isn't it a coincidence? Is it a coincidence that there was the first bride that got out of step? This Vashti got right out of step. Oh my. But there was another one, wasn't there? And she knew her position. She got right into step. She didn't recognize it initially. She had to have someone say, "Do you think that it's possible that you could have been raised up for a time such as this?" &gt;&gt; Brothers and sisters, do you think it's possible that we could have been raised up for a time such as this? &gt;&gt; This ain't time to play church. This ain't time to play message. This is time to play our position. &gt;&gt; And our position is not play. Just for the record, our position is as serious as it's ever been or ever could be. It's recognizing who we are. Recognizing our day in and its message. Recognizing that we have been called unto adoption. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We haven't been called to just be church members, to just be believers, to just be growing. We've been called to be the queen of the universe. &gt;&gt; That's beyond comprehension. But I just think it's so beautiful for this saying go thy way. For you're saying just go and live your life. just go and do your thing because your saying pleased me. Your saying showed me that even though someone stepped on your toes, you never got offended and ran away. You're just willing to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." I I'm just going to say, how can it possibly how can we ever be any different than she was in this scripture here? &gt;&gt; I just love how he he just went over there. had a very specific purpose just like he went unto the woman at the well. And you know, the disciples, they didn't they didn't know what he was doing. They didn't realize why he was going to to to the well to sit by the well at that time of the day, but he had a very specific purpose in mind. And and we know that there was the natural tendencies that were happening. They were hungry. And Jesus said, "Why don't you just go and get some food? Go get some viddles and and I'll just stay here. I'll just hang out here and I'll wait for you. I'll have a rest. But what happened was that woman came. That woman who had five husbands and the one whom she had now was not her own. But he knew that she was going to be there. I just think it's so beautiful how he how he does it is no accidents to the way the Lord the Lord moves. The way he answers prayer. Everything that he does is with a very specific purpose. And and you know, I just think it's such a such an amazing thing tonight to look at this scripture and see that it's at thy saying because of this saying, go thy way. Just go thy way. The devil is gone out of thy daughter. Got a couple of quotes that I want to bring tonight. And uh they're out of questions and answers on the Holy Ghost. And uh brother Brandam says this in in paragraph 17. And he says, "I want you to remember this and I'll try to go over it in the morning again. Gentiles, the gospel that's given to them is a faith gospel, not a works at all." See, but isn't that interesting where so many times people can get hung up in a worksbased gospel and try and make something happen by the way we work, by the way, by the way we look. It's got nothing to do with it. I want you to remember this and I'll try to go over it in the morning. Gentiles, the gospel that's given to them is a faith gospel, not a works at all. See, and and like I said last night, when the Holy Ghost fell at Pentecost, when they went down to the Jews, Acts 19:5, they had to lay hands on them that they receive it. And when they went down to the Samaritans, they had to lay hands on them. But when they come to the Gentiles at Cornelius house, while Peter spake these words, no laying on of hands. All it was was the preaching of the gospel, bringing the present truth to the situation. That's what it was. He says, "When the little girl died, Gyrus's daughter, the priest said, come lay hands on her and she'll leave, live." Sorry. But when the Roman centurion, the Gentile, said, "I'm not worthy. You come under my roof. Speak the word." That's it. See? &gt;&gt; Just speak the word. Right. &gt;&gt; The Syrphanician woman Greek actually what she was when she when Jesus said to her said it's not meat for me to take the children's bread and give it to the dog. She said that's true Lord but the dogs under the table eats the children's crumbs. He said, "For this saying, the devil's left your daughter." Now, I love this. I think sometimes we can look at at at at quotes like this. We can hear quotes like this and maybe actually just have it brush over and it just it just doesn't really stick with us. We don't really grasp it. But here he says, "For this saying, the devil's left your daughter. Say good things." Then &gt;&gt; say something good about somebody. &gt;&gt; Talk about Jesus. &gt;&gt; Say something loyal, something real. &gt;&gt; That's the way to get rid of devils. &gt;&gt; It's not jumping up and down. It's not prayer lines. It's not screaming and shouting. It's not even prayer meetings. Remember, brother Brandham, he said Jesus, he didn't pray for this woman. He didn't lay hands on this woman. He said, "For your saying, for your sake, because you say it, &gt;&gt; go thy way. Just go live your life. &gt;&gt; Keep doing what you're doing. But thank you for believing." &gt;&gt; But if we want to see some action, brothers and sisters, and I know that we know this, but I just want to encourage us tonight. Say something nice. &gt;&gt; Say something nice. And we know full well, we've heard it many times. Brother Barry's going to do it again. Is those dinnertime conversations, those times, like we were just talking about driving in the vehicle where nobody else can hear us. &gt;&gt; We can talk about whatever we want. Nobody can tell. Nobody's heard it, but God's heard it. And you know what's worse is when our children hear it and our children hear it and then our children go and repeat it and when our children go and repeat it in such a way it can cause a lot of problems. I was talking to a brother recently. We were fellowshipping and he was telling us about how how embarrassed he got, how thoroughly embarrassed he got. He was talking in front of his nephew and he said something bad about another person in front of his nephew and and it wasn't terrible but it wasn't really good. And few weeks later his little nephew's nephew was probably 5 years old. They were having a conversation and uh someone's name came up and the little nephew he said, "Is that that so and so?" In in a really crass way that parents would typically say, "I'll wash your mouth out with soap for that." But he heard his uncle say it and he he really appreciated his uncle. He looked up to his uncle. We've got to be careful what we say. &gt;&gt; People are listening and we know our children are listening very intently. And what's interesting also is you know in the Bible those uh what is it 40 and two children &gt;&gt; two she bears went out and thrashed them. Brother Brandham said it was because of the dinner dinner time conversations the parents were having when no one else was listening but the children were and they went out and mocked the prophet for it. The worst thing that can ever happen is for us to mock another ministry or minister or church and say that church is this and that church is that. Brothers and sisters, God's work is sovereign. His churches are sovereign. He puts people in position sovereignly. Might be for a day, might be for a week, might be for a year, could be for a decade. It's God's work. &gt;&gt; But for this saying, the daughters left your daughter. How many people have situations in their lives where they know they're dealing with devils? I just want to say tonight, say good things. make those devils leave. &gt;&gt; They can't stand it when we start to say good things. &gt;&gt; But you know, they love it when we talk negative. &gt;&gt; Love it when we speak negative. When we talk bad, when we speak negative. And you know, brothers and sisters, we know it. But sometimes, let's just stir up our pure minds by way of remembrance. Why does it change the atmosphere when we pray play music? When we press press play and and have worship music happening, we can take a bad situation and just change it in an instant just by playing good music. How could David cast out devils from Saul &gt;&gt; by his stringed instrument? &gt;&gt; We can change the atmosphere. &gt;&gt; We have that ability. Brother Brandham talked about it how as a husband, he saw the house was just fit to be tied. His wife was all upset. Everything was going wrong. He didn't come in and say, "Where's my dinner?" and just put another weight on top of the situation. What he did was he said he put on an apron and he got in front of that dirty sink and he started washing dishes. He changed the atmosphere. We have the ability to do that &gt;&gt; in such a simple way. H how about a greater way? Maybe in the church of the living God. Maybe in our own famil family's lives where maybe once upon a time when we were stuck in the sanctification stage, we looked at ourselves in the mirror and thought, "We look pretty good. I can see my name in the word of God in every every verse, every chapter, every verse from Genesis to Revelation. Man, I'm a fine looking fella. I wish my family had the grace that I have." Don't you know that they do have that grace? They just haven't recognized it. Right? &gt;&gt; But if we have that attitude towards them where we're better than them, they're less than, we're not going to attract them to this gospel, we're going to detract them. &gt;&gt; But for this saying, the devil's left your daughter, who had the saying, it wasn't Jesus. It wasn't one of the disciples. It wasn't one of the ministry. It was that woman. &gt;&gt; That woman had the words. her words allowed that devil to leave. &gt;&gt; Talk about Jesus. Say something loyal, something real. That's the way to get rid of devils. And you know, brothers and sisters, if you have a situation, even in your marriage, for the married people, don't talk bad. Do not talk bad about your spouse. Don't go and pour your heart out to a brother or a sister and talk about how bad your husband is or how bad your wife is, how bad how bad, how bad. Go and pour your heart out and say how good they are. Talk about why you fell in love. Say loyal things. Say good things. Say encouraging things. That is how you will cast out that devil out of your marriage. If we have a situation with a relationship, maybe with siblings or or with anybody, it doesn't matter. Say nice things. It can be so easy to get caught up in in the moment. And I know it so easy to get caught up in the moment. But we're not living in an ordinary day, are we? I'm sure we can look at it. Many people can look at this world and and not even be religious, not have a a lick of of understanding about what's going on in terms of the message of the hour, not not have any ability to believe what we believe, but still look at this world and say it is crazy bonkers. There's something wrong with this world. Why is that? Because it is a different age. This is the age of the rapture. This is the age of a body change. This is the age where we will just be moving out of here in the moment in the twinkling of an eye. This is the time. It's such a paradox where we have to prepare. We have to ho our potatoes like he's coming in a hundred years but live like he's coming tomorrow. And I just wanted to encourage us tonight brothers and sisters that you know it was at this saying it was for her saying that Jesus who is the same yesterday today and forever told her to go her way because of your saying just go your way. We know that that Vashi she had no interest at all. She was spiritually entitled wasn't she? She she was entitled to her position and she didn't realize that you know what you could be put away and and she found herself in that situation. But the other wife, Queen Esther, she she actually came to the place where she was being persecuted. We know the story full well. But what did the king say to her when she recognized it and brought her petition? The king king said to her, "You do it to the half of my kingdom. Take my seal and make it happen. You're the queen. &gt;&gt; You say the word. &gt;&gt; He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; You know, Sister Hadtie Wright, this is the third quote, Brother Brandham. He says, Hadtie Wright the other day, she didn't ask for nothing. She didn't ask for nothing. She was just sitting there. And you know, I I can't help but think about it. If you ever get into that scenario where maybe dinner has ended and you're just having a little bit of fellowship, I'd just like to encourage us to think about it. I'm sure we all do. But again, let's just stir up our pure minds by way of remembrance. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever after supper is done and we're sitting around maybe with some guests over and we're about to embark on the sweets. the dessert's about to come out and coffee is being served and we're all getting comfortably settled in for the next round of of entertainment and our discussion. You know, it was in a setting just like that, just exactly like that where they were sitting around with the prophet of God. And and we know that where two or three are gathered together in his name, he's there. Brothers and sisters, don't think that was a special occasion. It was a special group of people. It was an example for every single one of our lives. When we're sitting around, are we talking nice? Are we speaking good? If we are, then what we're doing is inviting the Lord to come around. I I just can't help but think about this, you know, out of I'm just going to read this. out of Philippians 4:8 it says finally brethren whatsoever things are are true whatsoever things are honest whatsoever things are just whatsoever things are pure whatsoever things are lovely whatsoever things are of a good report if there be any virtue and if there be any praise think on these things &gt;&gt; those which ye have both learned and received and heard and seen in me do &gt;&gt; and the God of peace shall be with you. &gt;&gt; Sister Hattie Wright sitting around a table had many needs. We know she had many needs in her life says in this quote here right the other day she didn't ask for nothing. She was just sitting there but she said the right thing. &gt;&gt; I just want to dwell on this brothers and sisters. She didn't ask the right thing. He said that at the beginning of this quote. She didn't ask for nothing. She wasn't holding on to the legs of the prophet while he went around knocking on on the door, going to his house. She wasn't calling him. She wasn't chasing him down. She wasn't begging him for a need. She didn't ask for nothing. All she did was fellowship with him. She was just fellowshipping with him. She said the right thing. which pleased the Holy Spirit. And what'd she say? We know what she said when brother Brandham was talking about the next phase of his ministry. He was talking about how he had the discernment in in in the hands for diseases. He was able to tell people what the diseases were by touching their hands through the vibrations that would happen and the bumps that would appear. We know that that was the first phase of his ministry, the first pull of his ministry. the second pull or phase of his ministry. He was able to discern what was going on in the hearts of men. And we heard about it the other night. Brother Bradom, he started that changed in Regina, Canada. That is where it happened. It changed in Canada. And and he was able to see what was going on in the hearts of men. He was able to discern the thoughts and the intents of hearts of people. And we know that, brother, it's at the point where brother Bradom told his friends when he was with them, "Tell me some jokes while we're driving because I I I just can't turn it off. You can't stop the discernment from happening." To the point where just through oral tradition, I don't even think it's in the message of the hour, but through other brothers and testimonies, they that even when he was driving down the road, someone in a car going the other direction, he could discern what was going on in their heart or head. How was that possible? That's not brother Brandham. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's not a man. No man could ever do that. &gt;&gt; But there was a change in the ministry from that even. And here, Brother Brandham is sitting around eating cherry cobbler talking about this with a cup of coffee and just some friends talking about the change of the ministry. And and and he said, "What was it? Who was it that said, didn't you? You say, "I want that squirrel to come out this way and run down that branch and stand up on that fence post like that." We know that, brother Brandham, he had that whole conversation seemingly with himself, but it wasn't with himself. We know that it was with the King of Kings and Lord of Lords, the very same Holy Ghost that we're talking about tonight. He had that conversation with him. He's explaining this as he's fellowshipping around the table. Brothers and sisters, don't be don't be afraid to fellowship around the word around the table. Invite people over, drink coffee, and talk about the word of God. Not that we want to create a cookie cutter religion. And I'm not saying that that's where religion is. What I am saying is that God knows exactly where we are. He knows who we are and the condition that we're in, the station that we're at. We don't have to have some special place, go to a a special height in our spiritual journey to be able to fellowship with him. He comes right down and fellowships with us wherever we are. Sister Hadtie Wright was poor. &gt;&gt; They're sitting around a poor person's table. Hadty Wright the other day, she didn't ask for nothing. She was just sitting there, but she said the right thing which pleased the Holy Spirit. She said as brother Brandham was explaining how these squirrels just came into existence, how he can't explain it. We know it happened nine times. not both together, four in one and five in another, but how it happened. And he's explaining it to her, to them. And she just said, "Brother Brandom, that ain't nothing but the truth." &gt;&gt; That ain't nothing but the truth. Now, she didn't say, "I understand it." She didn't say, "I could explain it." She just said, "I believe it." &gt;&gt; And I think that's the same testimony for every single bride member of this body. But you know she said the right thing which pleased the Holy Spirit. I just want to encourage us tonight brothers and sisters be conscious be God conscious. Brother Ken used to preach that have a God consciousness as we live our lives wherever we are. Be conscious that God is with us even in us to the end of the world and say the right thing. &gt;&gt; When we have a God consciousness we're going to take every single thought into captivity. We're not going to give liberty to the devil and say, "No, no, no. That genetic thing that my great-grandfather had on the other side, now I just can't control my tongue. I've got a temper. All this stuff." No, we're not going to make excuses for the devil. This carnality is of the devil. That's the reason we're in this pest house. Otherwise, we would have been products of the spoken word being the original seed. But we know it was through the fall that that we're here. All born in sin. can't even help it. The way we come into this world, the way God does things is just magnificent. We came under a curse. That's the way we come into this world is under the curse. We know that. We're not going to dwell on that tonight. But she said the right thing which pleased the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit spoke back. &gt;&gt; Isn't that beautiful? The Holy Spirit spoke back and said, "Hattie, ask whatever that you will." &gt;&gt; Amen. And we know that one place in the message he says he says ask for a million dollars and see if he won't give it to you right now. And here he says ask anything that you will whatever you got and you want. Ask anything. Find out whether this is real or not. Ask anything. The healing of her little crippled sister sitting there all drawn up. And he even says that we prayed for her multiple times in another quote in the message of the hour. We prayed for her multiple times and here she sits all crippled up. Say the word and she'll be free. He says $10,000 to keep her from digging on them hills over there being being stuck in a poor condition having to go out and till the soil being a widow woman. We know that brother Brandham he even went back there to give back some of her tithe. That was part of the operation of the fellowship. And he said, you know, I realized while I was there, I just couldn't do it because she put her two mites in. &gt;&gt; She gave what she had. &gt;&gt; He said $10,000 to keep her from digging on them hills over there. She wouldn't have to farm anymore. She could have all of the money that she wanted. Whatever you want, you can have it. The youth restored to her well-run down body. Whatever you want to ask, you ask it right now. If it don't come and give it to you right now, then I'm a false prophet. He says, "That's that's something, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Isn't that something to think about? just whatever you want. You ask it and he'll give it. I I just love the way that this this is worded though. She said the right thing. It pleased the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit spoke back. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Brother Brandham speaking here. &gt;&gt; It wasn't Brother Brandham speaking here. It was the Holy Ghost. It was Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. And what did she ask for? We know what she asked for. She asked for the only thing of eternal value. I want to see my children when I'm over there. I want them to be with me in glory. &gt;&gt; And we know that the story goes that they just came and fell over her lap. And brother Bradam talks about in other places and says that her children were in church serving the Lord, active members in the assembly. What a tremendous thing it is. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever, brothers and sisters. Even though many times we get caught up in our situations, we get caught up in our lives and think that maybe when this happens then I can change and do that. Don't worry about whatever is going on. Just say the right thing right now. &gt;&gt; Just say the right thing right now. And I think that many times we can change circumstances, situations in our lives if we're willing to just change our own attitudes. If we can change our own attitudes, our own behaviors, then we can see things happen. You know, we can't change other people. We can't change other people. We talked about it before. Sometimes someone will step on our toes and we'll do something. We'll act a certain way and we're we're just going to do this and and until God changes the situation and what we're doing in in that situation is just it's like drinking poison and waiting for it to take effect on the other person. If we're carrying around bitterness and and and anger about a situation, it's not going to do us any good. What we have to do is just let it go. Just let it go. &gt;&gt; And God will come on the scene. If if we say the right thing, I just think that's so beautiful. I can't get that out of my head. For this saying, go thy way. The devil is gone out of thy daughter. My He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And I I just thank the Lord when he comes around with the inspiration for these services because I could not do this on my own. There's no way that I could do this. But the inspiration comes and uh we just step into it. I think it's beautiful for this saying, "Go thy way. The devil is gone out of thy daughter." Could you imagine those words? If we had a daughter and the devil was in our daughter, could you imagine for this saying, "Go thy way. The devil is gone out of thy daughter." My, we know that over in Ephesians chapter 4, a very familiar scripture, verse 29, let no corrupt communication, and I looked this up in the lexicon just for fun. corrupt, being rotten, worthless, literally or morally, let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth. Oh my, you know, we have to take every single thought into captivity. &gt;&gt; That's the word of God. The first church age messenger said that, take every thought into captivity. Don't let the words get away. Don't let it actually trigger our mouth and say, "Well, it's just the way I am. I just have this thing." The word of God is an instructor. Let no corrupt communication, rotten, worthless, literally or morally, proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying. I can actually start closing. But I won't yet. But don't let anything like that proceed out of your mouth. But that which is good to the use of edifying, to encouraging, to building someone up, to building a situation up, to encouraging, right? To make people feel good. And you know, one of the best things that can ever happen, brothers and sisters, is when you're in a group of people and you have a group of people that are talking bad about someone or something. They're talking bad about it and you don't agree. You say, "Nope, I'm not going to actually entertain that. I'm not going to get involved in that. What I'm going to do is the opposite, and I'm going to say something nice about that person." What's going to happen is you're going to change that situation. You're going to put a big old crack in that ball of hatred. And you know, we know the story full well. Spirits travel in words. &gt;&gt; There's some pretty nasty spirits that can be contracted. Spiritual viruses that can be contracted from corrupt communication, especially when it comes to talking about other brothers or sisters. Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth. You can't control what other people are doing, but you better control this. &gt;&gt; But that which is good to the use of edifying that it may minister grace unto the hearers. &gt;&gt; We want to minister grace. &gt;&gt; And we know the next scripture very well. And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Whereby you're sealed unto the day of your redemption. And we know, brothers and sisters, when we're sealed, we're sealed to the day of redemption. But would we want to grieve the Holy Spirit who's already sealed us? &gt;&gt; No. But we know that full well that we can be afflicted in this flesh. We're going to be attacked until the day that we lay this flesh down. One way or the other. Whether we go by the way of the grave or whether we go in the rapture, one way or another, we're going to lay down this robe of flesh. This flesh cannot inherit incorruption because this flesh is corruption &gt;&gt; and it's slowly dying. But grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, which means that you could. We don't want to do that. Brother Brandham says that when we do that, the Holy Spirit will just sort of fly away a little ways and just go and rest in a maybe a tree branch and just say, you know, let me know when that that wolf nature is gone and and the the the lamb speaking has come back and I'll just, you know, come back and and be that dove with the lamb. But we know full well that the wolf and the lamb nature will not dwell together. Doesn't happen that way. But grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil not thinking, evil speaking. Remember, for this saying, for this saying, for this saying, the devil has left your daughter. For this saying the devil has left your marriage. &gt;&gt; For this saying the devil has left your church. For this saying the devil has left your job. For this saying the devil has left whatever it is we have need of. Brothers and sisters, don't think for a second that he is going to be any different for us in our lives. What are we saying? What are we saying? Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you with all malice. And be ye what? Kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you. &gt;&gt; How can we hold on to things and think that it's going to be okay? I've got I've got I've got the right I got the right to hang on to this. I don't have any right to hang on to anything. &gt;&gt; We have to be tender-hearted and forgiving &gt;&gt; one to another. Now, some people might say, "Well, we've talked about this recently, but I just can't forget." No, but we can actually choose to forget. &gt;&gt; The memories come back and what are we going to do? entertain those memories, grab on to them and and host them. Or are we going to say, "No, no, no, no. You're not going to dominate me. You're you will not rule my life. I will not allow that program to circulate in my mind." Amen. &gt;&gt; We have the ability to do that because the word says to take every single thought into captivity. Whether it's a memory or whether it's a present tense situation, we have that ability and we can choose to do what the Holy Ghost tells us to do with it or not. And it's not easy, but I know we can do it. But be ye kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you. I just was talking about a situation and I just can't let it go. I think it's so good. I'm probably going to talk about it in the future. And I think it's very important in the time in which we live. Many times people they joke. We know that many times you hear it said that uh what is it um sorry many a truth is spoken in just that's what it is. And people will just volley backhander comments and then laugh. It's funny. I'll just throw a back smacker at you and and then laugh and it'll be funny and and it's okay. Right. It's not okay. &gt;&gt; That's that's corrupt communication. That's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; Because are you being tenderhearted and kind to that individual or is it's just a joke. We can just do that. It's just fine. No, it ain't fine. It's not fine. It's not right. The word says to be kind one to another. How can we actually throw backhanded comments, belittling comments, ingest, in joke to people, to friends, to family, to brothers, to sisters, and think that it's actually kind. It's not kind. But you know, many times what happens is people will say, "Well, that's just brother so and so and that's just so and that's just how they are." What it is is nobody has actually called him out and said,"You know what? That's not acceptable behavior. That's not kind and it's not tenderhearted." What makes you think that it's appropriate to speak that way to me? Or what makes you think it's appropriate to speak that way about your brother or your sister? When the word of God says to be kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another. Well, that person could say, "Well, the word says that you're supposed to be forgiving. So, if I do those backhander slaps to you, that you're supposed to be forgiving." Yeah, it's true. You are supposed to be forgiving and loving. And sometimes love is corrective. Sometimes you have to say a truth to actually get the point across. But not in in malice, not in anger, in kindness to say, "You know what? The way you're speaking is actually hurtful. It's actually not kind. And I don't feel like it's very tender-hearted. Sometimes we need to say it. Sometimes we need to call it out. And you know what I think we can do is actually help, brothers and sisters. But you know where I wanted to get to tonight, brothers and sisters? I've said it over and over. I'm going to say it one more time. It's for this saying. So what's our saying? What's our saying? Might seem like a really simple little sermon tonight. Okay, just nothing deep about it. But you know what are we saying? What what is it that we're saying? Because if if brother Brandham can talk about it this way that you know this woman never asked nothing. Sister Hattie right never asked nothing. The Syphenician woman she did ask but Hadi Wright didn't ask. Had he Wright is in the age in which we live and we know we already talked about it. The vibration in the hand, the discernment in the heart. Now we're at speak the word. We're not worried about speaking squirrels into existence, are we? For a while, I thought maybe there'll be a time where I could see a little animal come back to life. Maybe a little fishy or something like that. Maybe I'll see some supernatural power of God come rolling off the mountain and into my boat and I'll I'll just witness something so magnificently supernatural. Remember, Brother Bradom said, "The greatest miracle is that a sinner could become a saint." &gt;&gt; That's the greatest miracle, brothers and sisters. And it's not some third pole manifestation that we're going to be able to say, "See, see, there it is. We know what's going to happen if that happens. Then people will come around, the the the rumors will start. You know, there's a great ministry up in Edmonton. They had this happen and that happened and all the other things happen and suddenly people are going to start wanting to flock there because the power of God is moving." We saw it happen just with a simple manifestation of speaking in tongues and worship down in Ashbury, right? or Asbury. Did I say that right? But you know what I'm talking about. That place, how much more uh uh third pole manifestations. It's not a public show. And I know for sure there's people in this room tonight who have witnessed the third pole manifestation of this living word in their very own lives. I I can say that I'm a witness to it. Some people might say, "Well, what did you create?" I never created nothing, but I saw God come on the situation in a way that nobody could explain it. I can't even explain it, but I know it had to be God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't think for a second that it's not happening. It's very much happening. As this world's progressing, that third full pull manifestation is fully underway in the hearts and lives of believers in in every single assembly of this true message of the hour. you would be able to go from church to church and have testimony service after testimony service of the power of the living God moving in their lives. But we know that the only manifestation that we really look to is the manifestation of this word in our lives. Our ability to say amen to every single word that that ma manifestation of Revelations 10:7 uh uh Luke 17, we know all the scriptures. the the prophet of Malachi 4, every single word that he brought forward, even if it shakes us down to our core, we say amen to that word. &gt;&gt; And what happens when that happens is we live that word. We become living manifestations of that word. The sisters don't cut their hair because he said don't do it. Why not? Not because I say because Paul said to the Corinthian church, don't cut your hair. It's not just a cultural thing for back then. Women don't wear clothing that pertains to men. Men don't wear clothing that pertains to women. Why? Not because he started some strange doctrine out of Kentucky, the backwoods of Kentucky, and now there's just a bunch of Branommites that follow him. No. Every single time he pointed to the word and said, "The word says it's abomination. And it's the exact same word that says man don't lie with man nor woman with woman. There's no difference. So what makes the difference now in society for people to say it's okay to wear pants. It's okay to wear where how could we do that? How could we say it's all right when it's not? The word of God says it's not. Brother Brandham, he wasn't he wasn't bringing a new doctrine. The only thing he was doing was what prophets do and that's point right back to the word of God to say get back in line with the word of God. And I just can't help but think tonight, brothers and sisters, what we're saying is going to be exactly what he was saying, which is exactly what Paul was saying, which is exactly what the spirit is saying. The spirit and the bride say come. We're not going to be saying nothing different than what the Holy Ghost is saying, than what any of the prophets said in any of the word says. We are going to be saying the exact same thing. And we are living in the age we know of the spoken word. &gt;&gt; The spoken word manifestation. &gt;&gt; And I think it's so beautiful. Brother Brandham, he says it, you know, in in in the message. And uh I didn't want to get too far into it, but you know, you can actually speak the word in a negative way as well. You can destroy a man's character just by talking bad about him behind his back. You can actually hurt people really badly. And I say, 'Lord, forgive me if I've ever done that. And I say I I'm sure that every single one of us would feel the same way. We would not want to do that to anybody, but we're humans &gt;&gt; and sometimes things happen. And you know, when it happens, the believers just go make it right. They don't just leave it lingering. But I I I think tonight, brothers and sisters, just recognizing where we are in the age in which we live, we we have an attitude of preparation. And I think it was so good the service we heard with brother Dela how how he ministered that word to us an attitude of preparation. That's the age in which we live in because there is going to be a body change. This is the countdown days in which we're living. And are we in in in three or two or or or one or seven? We don't know if it's counting down from 10. We don't know what number it's at. But it's countdown. The countdown time is on. It's already started. And we have an attitude of preparation. And we know that God doesn't do anything outside of his word. But he always makes preparation for his word, doesn't he? So beautiful. And I I know that that we all heard it and I think it's important to say it that knowing knowing about this word of God and preparing for this word of God are two different things. knowing that there's going to be a rapture and preparing for a rapture. They're two different things altogether. We can know all about it and still not prepare in our lives and still not prepare in our hearts and in our homes. And you know, one day we'll find out that we missed it, but to be preparing to know about it and to prepare it. And how do we do that? We just say, "Lord, search my heart and try me. Don't don't don't go and fix my brother. Don't go and fix my sister. I know that brother has this thing in his life and and I know that he's wrong and I'm right and blah blah blah blah blah. Alls we need to do is say, "Lord, change my heart. Come and look at me. Get inside here and change my heart." When our hearts change, something happens. Brothers and sisters, &gt;&gt; we have the ability to speak the word to the situation. And the devil doesn't want us getting anywhere near that. What I'm talking about tonight, like I said earlier, might sound so light and maybe fluffy and and and you could put whatever adjective you want in there, but what's our speech? What are we saying? It is not right to be speaking wrong. And I I just think it's important to say it. It was for this saying that Jesus told that woman, for this saying, go thy way. The devil is gone out of thy daughter. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, whatever we have need of tonight, brothers and sisters, what are we saying? What are we saying? The devil is insidious. He doesn't come the way that we think he comes. He is very, very, very cunning. Brother Brandham called him. What a worthy adversary. He's created co-equal with God. There's no way we're ever going to outsmart him. Being associated with the message of the hour is actually going to put us in hell. But getting that message of the hour inside of us is going to save us. &gt;&gt; Yes, that's right. &gt;&gt; When that happens, brothers and sisters, when we get that message inside of us, we can speak the word. &gt;&gt; And we can speak the word to every situation in our lives. And you know, we can speak the word to those devils that come around and might try and upset our church. They might try and upset our marriage. Those devils want the devil wants nothing more than to destroy marriage. And you know, I'm going to preach on that one day. It's coming. Like brother Bradam talked about marriage and divorce. I'm not going to do that because I don't have anything to make right to bring correction to. I'm not going to do that. But what I do want to do is talk about how it's the devil's choice. It's his preferred access method is to destroy marriage. Brother Bradam talks about it in Invasion USA. I'm sure it's in that message. He wanted to break the backbone of America, didn't he? And how did he do it? How do he how did he go about it? Just destroying marriages. If he could destroy marriages, then he's got it. He's got the country licked, doesn't he? Now, you look at how many children are born without parents, two parents, and and they have no idea about the way things are supposed to be. And, you know, the the the new normal is not normal. And and that's the new normal. It's it's crazy the way it is, but you know, it was the devil's choice right from the Garden of Eden. All he wanted to do was get in that marriage. He knew there was going to be a marriage. He he probably knew full well, the word of God said there's going to be a bride of his own choosing. And what the devil thought, well, this will be easy. I'll just get in there and I'll mix up this marriage here and there'll never be anybody that will ever be able to worship God the way that they once did, the way Adam and Eve did once. But we know that nothing can stop the word of God from coming to pass. And even Satan has no hope of outsmarting the Lord. &gt;&gt; Not a hope. And we know that through his own cunningness that the Lord deceived him. He sent another human in flesh, didn't he? He sent a man that was not born in sin or shaped in iniquity. Shaped. Yeah. Came into the world speaking lies. We know that Jesus Christ was God himself in flesh. But the devil could never believe that God would step into a filthy pest house of a body like a human. But hasn't he done it again? &gt;&gt; Maybe I'll call the musicians as we close tonight. You know, brothers and sisters, I just want to say remember for this saying. So what are you saying? What am I saying? What are we saying? because it was for this saying that her daughter was made whole for this saying. And it wasn't his saying. It wasn't the ministry saying, it was her own saying. I think it's just so powerful. My goodness. Let's just bow in prayer. Maybe stand with me as we close. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we're so thankful that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And Lord, you always make preparations. Father, you always do things deliberately with a purpose. And Father, it's up to us to trust you in all that you do. And Father, we do. And tonight, we're so thankful, Lord, for one more time we've heard your word. And one more time, Lord, we can say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because I could see myself as that cyrophenician woman. I I understand that I'm a dog. I understand that uh uh outside of your grace, I'm nothing. But Lord, you chose to come by here. You chose to come by my way. You chose to cross my path and introduce yourself personally to me. And Lord, Father, I pray that you would just allow me, Lord, to come back to you one more time and just say, Lord, please forgive me for everything in my heart, for every sin in my life, Lord. Let me not have any iniquity in my life, Lord. in my heart, in my mind. Oh, Father, when those memories come around, help me to dismiss them, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Because if you help me, I'll be able to. But Lord, our biggest problem is not surrendering our lives unto you, Father. Not surrendering our problems unto you. Father, I pray that tonight, Lord, we could do what Paul said, that I could die daily. that this pest house could die out daily and that your spirit would live through me, Lord. That the the wills and the desires that I have, Lord, that I could just put them down. That they would no longer rule me. That they would no longer reign in this life. But Lord, that you would have the preeminence in my life like you've never had before. that Lord Jesus, I would see that when I speak, oh Father, it's as good as you speaking, &gt;&gt; that I could recognize what adoption truly means. It doesn't mean that I can just behave one way one day and be totally different the next day and still be just that son of God. Oh, Father, that we could move into that place of adoption, that we could move into that place of full maturity where we could recognize for for my saying, oh Lord, that it would be you speaking through us. &gt;&gt; Help us, Lord Jesus, to take this book and eat it up, Lord, knowing that it's going to make our bellies bitter, that this flesh just cannot stand it. But Lord Jesus, we know that our souls require it. &gt;&gt; So Father, tonight we just commit the word that was spoken into your hands. Lord, we just commit the lives here, Father, into your hands for your care. And Lord, we just ask that you would just watch over us and keep us as we go our separate ways, Lord. Father, we pray that you would be with those who couldn't be here tonight, Father. Wherever they are, whatever they're doing, Father, whatever their need is, Lord, help them to recognize that Father, for this saying, the devil could leave their situation, too. &gt;&gt; We know that there is a liberty and Father, we thank you for it because it's only because of you. Tonight, Lord Jesus, we just love you and we thank you for your goodness and your mercy to us. We just ask all these things now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] You are the potter. I am the clay. [Music] Oh, mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. Amen. Can we sing 896? Lead me, Lord. Lead me, Lord. It's hard to take the first step when I don't know the way. Each step is so uncertain. I learn to walk by faith. But you gave me the promise that you will never leave. you would lead and guide me. Lord, I do believe. Lead me, Lord, I will follow. Lead me, Lord, I will go. Oh, you have called me. I have answered. Lead me Lord. I will go for me are perfect. I never need to fear. For though sometimes I feel alone, I know that you are here. My heart just wants to follow. I'm willing to obey. Take my hand and lead me. I'll follow all the way. Lead me, Lord. I will follow. Lead me, Lord. I will go. You have called me. I haveed. Lead me, Lord. I will go. Can we sing 373? The more that I surrender. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I release my cares. The more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Is that your confession? The more that I surrender, [Music] the lighter my load. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lift me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Can we sing 619? Glory to His name. Down at the cross. Oh, down at the cross where my Savior died. Oh, down where for cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was that blood applied. Oh glory. Thank you Lord. Oh glory. Glor his name. Gloryy to his wonderful name. Clear to my heart was the blood applied. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh, I am so wondrously safe from sin. Jesus so sweetly abides within. There at the cross where he took me in. Oh, gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. [Music] Gloryy to his wonderful name. Oh, there to my heart was the bloodied. Oh, glory to his name. Oh precious fountain that saves from sin. Oh, I am so glad I have entered in. There Jesus saves and keeps me clean. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to his wonderful name. Oh, there to my heart was his blood. applied. Glory to his name. [Applause] Come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet. Plunge in today and be made complete. God bless you tonight to his name. Gloryy to his name. Gloryy to [Music] [Music] Are you [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] All right. [Music] [Music] [Music]
