################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-05 - 2025-01-05 Bro. Barry - Personal Testimony - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-01-05
Title:    2025-01-05 Bro. Barry - Personal Testimony
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Testimony Service
Duration: 2h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSlnNefI2UI
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry - Personal Testimony
Sunday, January 5th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] are. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] God bless each one of you this morning. Good to have you all in the house of the Lord this morning. Clawson family from BC. God bless you. Good to see you here this morning. Each one of you, good to be in the house of the Lord once again. Our God deserves the glory. He deserves the praise. Let's sing this song this morning as we [Music] start. We have come into his house. We've gathered his name to worship him. Oh, we have come into his house. We've gathered in his name to worship him. Oh, we have come into his house. We've gathered in his name to worship Christ our Lord. Oh, worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Let's forget about ourselves and concentrate on him and worship [Applause] him. Oh, let's forget about ourselves and concentrate on him and worship him. Oh, let's forget about ourselves and concentrate on him and worship Christ our Lord. Oh, worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Oh, let's all lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. You're worthy Lord. Oh, let's all lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship him. Oh, let's all lift up holy hands and magnify his name and worship Christ our Lord. Oh, worship him Jesus Christ our Lord and blessed be your eyes for they see the things of God that were spoken by the prophet. it in our day. Oh, they were hidden from the wise and revealed to those who learned. Oh, I'm so glad he touched my eyes that I might see. Think about that. That grace this morning. Oh yes. Oh, blessed be your eyes for they see the things of God. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Oh, that were spoken by the prophet in our day. Oh, they were hidden from the wise and revealed to those who learned. Oh, I'm so glad he touched my eyes that I might see. Oh, I'm so glad he touched my eyes that I might see. Stand if you would. Lord, you are so precious to me. Lord, you are so preious to me and I love you. Oh yes, I love you. [Music] Because you first love me. Brother Curtis, would you come in and open prayer for us as we sing the second verse? Oh yes, Lord. You are so graceious to me. Yes, you are Lord. Oh, and Lord, you are so gracious to me. Oh, and I love you. Oh yes, I love you. [Music] Because you first of all, [Music] Lord, we close our eyes cuz we can see you better with our eyes closed. You're right here with us, Lord. Yes, Lord. Sometimes we forget that you're with us, Lord. We're so busy, Lord. These bodies are so busy and our spirit is so busy. But Lord, when we stop and think about it, when we stop and praise you, Lord, we're so easily reminded, Lord, why we're even alive, why we're here, why you've blessed us, the things that you've given us, Lord Jesus. We could just count all of our blessings right now, Lord. We would would spend the whole service, Lord Jesus, counting one by one everything that you've done for our bodies and our for our minds and our hearts and our families and Lord, our circumstances, Lord, line after line. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Yes, and you've given us your prophet. And you've given us your five-fold ministry. And you've given us a pastor, Lord, that I just know labored and labored and labored just to get himself out of the way, Lord Jesus. He didn't study to bring us a a a theology, right? He studied, Lord, that he could just surrender to your leading and your spirit, Lord. So may we receive our pastor this morning, Lord Jesus, is if it was you, it's you speaking directly to us, Lord Jesus. If it's any other thought, Lord, then how could it help us, Lord? It's got to be the one who made us, the one who created us, the one who's leading us all the way back home, Lord Jesus. We just thank you, Lord. Bless every soul in this room, Lord Jesus. Every burden that we brought in today, Lord Jesus, we know you have the answer for it. And we just thank you in advance for touching us this morning. We love you, Lord. Jesus Christ, you're everything. Amen. Thank you, my brother. Wonderful to be in the atmosphere of the Lord Jesus this morning. You may have your seats. He's the one that we we adore. We worship. This old old song. I don't know who wrote it. I didn't do my my history check this morning. But I love this song. It's just an old old song. But I heard an old old story. But it's new to each one of us. It's in our life that he came and gave himself for us. Oh, I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. Oh, I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atoneing. Then I repented of my sins and I won that victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Oh, he loved me and I knew him. And all my love, well, it's to him he plunge me through victory beneath that cleansing blood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing how he made the lame to walk again. And he caused the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit. And somehow Jesus came and brought to me that victory. Oh yes, victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh yes, he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me. I knew him. And all my love is to him. Oh, he plunge me. You victory beneath that cleansing flood. I heard about that mansion. He has built for me in glory. And I heard about those streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there my song of victory. Oh yes. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh yes. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Well, he loved me where I knew him and all my love is to him. Will he blunt me to victory beneath that cleansing flood? Another song of victory this morning. Halleluah. What a thought. Jesus full salvation brought. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh, let the powers of sin sail. Heaven's grace can never fail. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh, victory. Yes, victory. Oh, hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. He is glory. Yes. All to me. I am trusting in the Lord. I am standing on his word. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh, I have peace and joy within since my life is free from sin. Victory. Oh yes, victory. Oh yes victory. Yes victory. Oh hallelu I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. He is all it all to me. We will sing it on that shore when this fleeting life is over. Victory. Oh, victory. Oh, sing it. Hear ye ransom. Start that everlasting song. Victory. Oh yes, victory. [Applause] Victory. Yes, victory. Oh, hallelujah. I am free. Jesus gives me victory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. He is whole in all and my chains are gone. I might be a little high on that one. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love. Oh, it's amazing grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save a wrench like me. Oh, I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relie. Oh, how precious did that grace appear. How I first believe. Stab me if you would. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns, unending love, amazing grace. Deacons, would you come? The Lord has promised good to me. His word, my hope secure. Oh, he will. My shield and portion me as long as life endures. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy rain unending love for we bow in prayer. Uh we're getting a stack of Bibles at the back. If you own a Bible and you're missing it, we'll just put it on the back table. Let's bow our heads and word of [Music] prayer. Gracious heavenly [Music] father, we bow in your presence today, Lord. So thankful for your amazing love, your amazing grace. Father, I need your love and your grace, Father, in my life every day. Lord, forgive me, Father, of my shortcomings as a husband. Forgive me, Lord, my shortcomings, Father, as a father. Forgive me, Lord, of my shortcomings and failures as a deacon. Lord, forgive me, Lord, where I allowed my self-will and not your will. Forgive me, Lord, when I've compromised on your word. Forgive me, Lord. Father, many times we lose the battle, but we won't lose the fight. Lord, we still, Father, believe you. Help my unbelief, Lord. Lord, more than ever, Lord. I need you. I want to be perfect, Lord. Lord, it's only your word in my life, Lord, that's any good. Forgive me, Lord. Lift me up, Lord. Grant me that double portion you promised, Lord. You're worthy of all praise. We worship you, Lord. Oh, Father, help us, Lord, to be that bride, Lord, that you said we were. Not to back down, Lord, but to stand in your word. Help me Lord. I am sorry. Lord, oh Lord, I love you more than life. Lord, I love you. [Music] Father, we come today to hear from you. Use the gift we see in our brother, Lord. Speak to my needs once more, Lord, like you've done time and time again, Lord. I'll listen, Lord. May it not just be a thought in my head or just a desire in my heart, but may it be action in my life. Lord, that is our desire. Lord, we see the world is crumbling and falling. Lord, we want to be in your ark. Yes, Lord. Not just for ourselves, Lord, but also our loved ones, those around us, Lord. Bless our meeting today, Lord. We believe your word. And Father, as we worship and praise you with our mouths and our hearts, we also brought our tithes and offerings as a part of our worship, Lord. May you bless it and use it. We lay it all at your feet, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Word of God 10:52 Holy Word long preserved for our walk in this world. You hold down with God's own heart. Oh, let those ancient words impart. Word of God, ever true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God ever true. It's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Brother Fair, would you come after the song? You can have your seats. Holy words of our faith. They're handed down to this age. They came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed those faithful words of Christ. Oh word of God, ever true. Oh, it's changing me and it's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of [Music] God. Oh, word of [Music] God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you. Privilege to be in the house of the Lord again. The song I want to sing is titled Cornerstone. And I believe as we go through the year, let's make Jesus the rock that never moves, our cornerstone, the unchangeable one. Amen. [Music] My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame, but only trust in Jesus name. [Music] My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and [Music] righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame but holy trust in Jesus name. [Music] Christ alone, cornerstone, weak, made strong in the Savior's love. Through the storm, he's Lord, Lord of all. [Music] When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gill, my anchor holds within the veil. My anchor holds within the veil. Oh, Christ alone, Curtstone, the weak made strong in the Savior's love. Through the storm, he is Lord, Lord of all. [Music] When he shall come with trumpet sound. Oh, may I then in him be found. Yes. Dress in his righteousness alone. [Music] faultless before the throne. Christ [Music] alone. Christ [Music] alone. Cornerstone. The weak made strong in the Savior's love. Through the storm. [Music] Please Lord, Lord of all. [Music] Christ alone cut a stone the weak made strong in the Savior's love through the storm. is Lord, Lord of all. Christ alone. Christ alone, cornerstone, the weakness strong in the savior's love through the storm. He is Lord, Lord of all. [Music] Woo! Amen. God bless you, brother Faren. So appreciate that special this morning. Resonated with all of us. I know that. God bless you. Stand with me if you would as we change the order of the service this morning. We fall down. We lay our crowns as we call our pastor. Trusting in the in no man but trusting in the office of thinking about Ephesians 4. It's just amazing how God would use fallible men to bring his word for the perfecting of the saints. It's an amazing paradox. But we believe the word of God and we came this morning expecting to be changed through the office of a pastor once again. Oh, we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry, holy, holy, holy is the lamb coming from redeemed lips this morning. The first verse. Oh, we fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. Oh, the greatness of his mercy and love at the feet of Jesus. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. Is the lamb crying holy. Oh, and we cry holy, holy, holy. And we Holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Hallelujah. God bless you today. Is it turned on? Welcome to the house of the Lord. If you have a need this morning, just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. We have a request from Sister Emily. Says, "Please keep me in your prayer. I had a gall stone measuring 6 mm found in my recent ultrasound." That was in November in 24. I know God is more than able to get this stone to disappear. Yes, and you know, if you heard Sister Emily's testimony on New Year's Eve, you would say, "If anybody knows that God is able, let's just go to him in prayer." Our gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, thank you for this morning, Lord. Thank you for this opportunity, Lord Jesus, one more time where we could gather together and bring our voices, Lord. the the Lord, the ability that we have been given in in this side of eternity, Father, to worship you, Lord Jesus. What an honor and a privilege it is, Lord, to sing holy, holy, holy is the lamb. Lord Jesus, when we've recognized what you've done for us, it's just so easy to worship you, Lord. Father, we love you and we thank you for your tender mercies, Lord, your goodness, your your many manifold promises in your word. And Lord Jesus, this morning, we just we come as needy children, Father, you've created us this way. And Lord, we accept the way that you've created us, and we thank you for it, Lord. And we know that we are in a transitional state right now where this world is falling apart. Oh Lord Jesus, but your body is not falling apart. Your body is growing fitly joint together, Lord Jesus. Word cell upon word cell. And Father, this morning we're just so thankful that we can bring our needs to you. And we just want to thank you, Lord Jesus, for this request from Sister Emily. Lord, that it's another opportunity for you to come by her way and express yourself to her and through her, Lord. Amen. And not just to her and through her, but Lord, through your body. We know that your prophet said that healing comes through the body. And Father, we accept your provision. So Lord, we just thank you for touching Sister Emily. Lord, one more time. Lord, give her strength. Give her faith. Lord, take away pain. Oh, Father, give her courage. Yes, Lord. Father, we just want to commit her into your hands now for your glory. And Lord, we want to remember each and every hand that was made known unto you today. Lord, each person that decided to defy gravity and to bring their need to you personally, we just thank you for meeting that need, Lord. And for each one, Lord, that maybe didn't raise a hand, that maybe didn't acknowledge a need. Father, we know that we all have needs. Father, I do as well. And we just commit them all into your hands. Amen. And we will be careful to give you the thanks. Amen. Lord Jesus, this morning as we go forwards, Father, help us to get out of the way. Yes. Of the speaker and the hearer to become one. Father, let every single word that's uttered today be for your glory, Lord. [Music] I'm sure we're all thankful, Lord, for Yes, Lord. What you've done for each and every one of us. Amen. And Lord Jesus, if there's anybody here today, young or old, that doesn't know you the way that we're going to talk about you today. Father, I pray that you would grant to them that measure of grace. Amen. That they would be able to acknowledge it, Lord. Because we know that you've granted each and every one that level of grace. But only few, oh father, few are able to recognize it. Lord, many are called, but very few are chosen. Father, we just pray that you would be glorified. We love you and we thank you. We just commit this service into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, musicians. If you have your Bibles today or just have two scriptures I would like to read, Romans chapter 12, Romans chapter 12 and then 2 Corinthians chapter 5. Romans chapter 12. So beautiful. Verse one. My says, "I beseech you, brethren, beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service, and be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing ing of your mind that ye may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. For I say through the grace given unto me, that every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith. For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office, so we being many are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another. Let's turn over to second Corinthians chapter 5. 2 Corinthians chapter 5 verse 17. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Isn't that wonderful? It doesn't say that he will be a new creature. It doesn't say that he was a new creature. It says that he is present tense a new creature. Old things are passed away. And behold, not some things, not most things, not many things, all things are become new. Amen. Let's just bow in prayer one more time. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful for your goodness. We're thankful for your word. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for a vindicated prophet. Amen. And Lord, I was just thinking as I was meditating today, how amazing it would have been for the people, how how many people in the days of the prophets actually recognized the prophet in the land. I'm sure it was very few people. It wasn't until many, many times, many seasons, many years after that people recognized the prophet. But father, you have given us the ability to recognize that there was a prophet for our day. Father, we pray that we could just consecrate ourselves fresh unto you once again. Yes, Lord. Lord, that we could bind ourselves together in one mind and one accord. That you would be the central theme of the words that are spoken today. And Lord, that you would receive all of the praise and all of the honor and all of the glory. We love you and we thank you. We commit each life now and this service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. My I uh I just wanted to mention a couple things here from our first scripture. Maybe before I even get into that, I just would like to thank everyone once again for the tremendous service we had on Tuesday night. It was absolutely exceptional. I'm sure that everyone probably left here feeling the same way. Some people maybe didn't. Maybe they felt that it was way too long. And but I'm sure that many people, if not everyone, left here not sure that we actually spent that much time here. I I couldn't believe it. I did the math and we were over 5 hours in service. It was just tremendous. Just an absolutely phenomenal meeting. And it was the Lord. It was truly his presence that made it that way. It wasn't anything that we did. Just tremendous to get together and fellowship around the things of the Lord. And uh I just would like to welcome our visitors. God bless you Classins. Good to have you here. And anybody else who might be visiting, I'm sorry if I've missed you. God richly bless you. Um, today I want to do something that I've talked about doing for a long time and I'm going to go forwards with it. I'm going to give my testimony today. Many people have heard it, but many people haven't. And uh, you know, God did something spectacular in my life and I don't feel like I I deserve it. I don't feel like I merited anything in my life to be here today to even be alive really. But it's God's choice. And to recognize that is just it's phenomenal. It's a paradox actually. You know, in the scripture that we read, uh, the first one out of Romans chapter 12, I beseech you therefore, brethren, that by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is a reasonable service. I just think it's so beautiful how the word it it gives us direction. And it gives us leadership and and it tells us very plainly that we ought to be looking after this temple, this temple, our bodies, that we present our bodies as a living sacrifice. A and you know, it's interesting because we can look at sacrifices. I've just been going through the Old Testament and and just taking my time and studying through it. And if you look at the different types of sacrifices, every single animal sacrifice is a dead sacrifice. It's death. But here we have the word of God saying to present our bodies as a living sacrifice. Not just as a dead one, a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. And I I just think I can't help but think, you know, um just remember a as I preach, I preach to myself. I'm not preaching about anybody except for this guy. I need to present myself as a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God. You know what? It's not the big things that spoil the vine, is it? What is it? It's the little foxes that spoil the vine. It's those little time wasters that spoil the vine. It's those little tiny things that we do that we know the Holy Spirit's not pleased about, but we still do them. Preaching to myself here. I know it. But isn't it wonderful that we have a God who is rich in mercy? Amen. And he won't just destroy us. He won't just make us a bug on a windshield. That's the devil that wants to do that. And when we start to feel like that's what's happening, that's the devil. Put him in his place. We serve a God who is rich in mercy. He's not looking to destroy us. But he does have a way. He does have a truth and he is the life and his way is his word. That's his will. We went over that a little while ago. But I beseech you therefore, brethren, but by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service, and be not conformed to this world. Don't be looking to be like this world. Don't be trying to implement the things that are going on in this world in your life. Because when you're doing that, you're contrary to the word of God. Amen. Amen. Don't be conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind. Amen. I think that's so beautiful. That you may prove what is that good, acceptable, and perfect will of God. And you know, I I just a couple of words jumped out of that scripture for me. Conformed. We don't want to be conforming to this world. It's it's it's G4964 to fashion alike. And and you know, I I can't help but think, you know, how easy is it for us to fashion alike? Isn't fashion a big deal today? Sometimes you can't even tell the difference between a believer and an unbeliever because of the fashion. We need to be careful where we stand. There needs to be a differentiating factor and and the word of God we read it it gives us the direction but to fashion alike conformed i.e. conform to the same pattern. And you know, brothers and sisters, I got to say it. I I have to say it. I can't not say it. I'm guilty of it. As Christian believers, is it becoming of us to be presenting our body as a living sacrifice when we talk like the gangster? Yo. And we've got the abbreviations all down. Dog, right? Is that becoming of a Christian? When we're out in a restaurant in the world and people hear us talking like that, does that encourage them to Christ? Or does that actually show that we're what are we doing? We're conforming to the world. Amen. That's no place for a believer, brothers and sisters, to be talking that way. Gangsters are not Christians. That is not something that we want to do. If you have a gangster spirit, look out. Brother Brandham said, "When I've got the Holy Spirit, I behave like Christ." Oh my. But if I had the spirit of Beethoven, what would I do? I would compose music. It would be beautiful. Amen. And if I had the spirit of John Dillinger, I would be a gangster. And a gangster is someone that murders, someone that steals. On and on and on. That's not something we want to do. We don't want to conform with this world, brothers and sisters. We should be totally different than this world. Amen. And I want to say it, when we hear young people in the message talking like the world, there's something wrong. And it's time to get back to Christ. And parents, when you hear your children talking that way, drop the hammer. Amen. You're the ones in control, not the children. The children don't they're not the tail that wags the dog. The parents are the ones who are the Holy Ghost for the children. Amen. It's very important to remember you are your brother's keeper. Amen. The elder brothers, let's encourage the younger brothers. Amen. Let's be positive influences one on another. Not not sounding like gangster rappers. That's not cool. If you're a believer, in fact, I would say that you're actually sending the wrong message. We don't want to be conformed fashioned alike this world. We don't want to conform to the same pattern. We don't want to speak the same. We don't want to look the same. We don't want to act the same. We don't want to conform to. We don't want to fashion ourselves according to this world. That is G4964. We are supposed to be transformed. Transformed. That is G3339. to transform literally or figuratively. Metamorphos is what the word is. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. Metamorphos. And we all know what that word means. It means there's supposed to be something that happens. We change. And didn't we read that scripture that we become a new creature? We don't remain the same. All of the old things in our life, what happens? Behold, they pass away. Amen. And behold, how many things become new? All things. All things become new. That's right. We're supposed to transform. Be transformed by the renewing of our minds. Amen. And I'll tell you the formula for that, brothers and sisters. It's real simple. Just repent for the remission of your sins. Get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. And what? You'll receive the Holy Ghost. When that happens, you will begin the process of renovating. Amen. And that is the renewing. Renewing is G349. Renovating. Renewing. This is out of the the concordance, the the the Hebrew concordance or the Greek concordance. I think it's beautiful though. We we are not supposed to be conformed. We're supposed to be transformed by the renewing of our minds. The only way that's going to happen is to be fully surrendered. Not partially, not mostly, not sometimes, not kind of. Except for when I'm whatever. Throw in the adjective. Except for when whoever. Throw in the people. No, no, no. We're supposed to be the same people at work as we are here right now in this moment. Right now, we're the same people at work. Amen. When we are at school, we are the exact same people we're here right now. Amen. Thinking that we can just be a different person when we get home as a husband than I am right here, right now. You know what? You're only fooling yourself. You're not fooling anyone. We need to be the same. The same. The same. When we've been fully renovated, brothers and sisters, we are the same. We're not We're not actually different people. We don't have different personalities. And and you know, I'm I'm going on like this, I guess, just because I think it's really important for us to recognize there is a transforming power in this world. It doesn't matter how many false witnesses there are. It doesn't matter how much confusion there is. It doesn't matter whatever we've gone through in this world. I am a living witness to tell you there is a transforming power in this world, brothers and sisters. So, here we go. I I was born July the 18th in 1972 in Claire's home, Alberta. I was one of four children born to Allan and Sharon Johnson. We lived on a farm east of Claire's home. And that's actually where my dad lives right now. Some of the people, a couple of the brothers might have been there with me at one point when we were going to Lethbridge and we stopped in there and met my dad. That's where I live for the first year of my life and that's where my dad currently lives and uh it's just just a wonderful place. Clarisome has a real special place in my heart. I I was one of four children born to Al and Sharon Johnson and uh you know just after they were uh after I was born actually uh I was about a year old my mom and my dad they divorced. they had a a real hard time. And my dad, he packed the family up and we moved to Calgary in 1974, I think it was. And uh so maybe I was just over a year. And so we uh started our our life in Calgary. And uh at that point, my dad remarried a woman named Carolyn. She was Carolyn Goodbrand. She became Carolyn Johnson. And this was the woman who raised me. She was my stepmother. And uh she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis I think before even uh she got married with my dad. But you know because of that our family life was pretty much hinged upon her health. And so we had a lot of uh ups and downs and ins and outs in the home. If anybody understands the disease muscular or uh multiple sclerosis then uh you'll understand what I'm talking about. My stepmother Carolyn, she had it. And uh you know what it's like in the home when mama gets sick, when she has a cold, when she has allergies, when mama's just not happy. We know what that's like. This was next level, I would say, for a mother with four children to get that level of a disease impacting your life. It changes everything. And uh so we grew up with her and uh we understood that when mama was sick it was, you know, time to pitch in and help out and and maybe just give her a little bit of a wide birth and and not really be too much of a problem. And fortunately, she had many remissions and uh she also had terrible attacks from the disease. And you know, she uh did the best she could, I think, with what she had. She passed away. I I was thinking about it. I think it was either 2007 or 2008 in Red Deer, Alberta. And uh you know, through the course of my life, I became quite I think estranged is the word. Um after my dad divorced her, they had a divorce when I was probably about 14 years old. Um yeah, I didn't spend very much time with her or talk to her until I actually wound up getting saved. But it's wonderful because um even though I had a bunch of anger and I had a bunch of confusion, I had a whole bunch of feelings, emotions, it's wonderful how the Lord actually transforms us. Amen. And he makes us a new creature because I was able to go there and see her with uh my wife after I was married and she was at the position where she couldn't even move. But I I just said to her, you know, I had a lot of problems in my life and I didn't know how to deal with some of the stuff and can I read the Bible to you? It was the one thing that I felt like would be real common ground. And and she just blinked her eyes and started to cry and nodded her head. And so I was able to just take take the time to read Romans chapter 8 with her. And uh you know that was the one time I saw her before she passed away. And I was so thankful that I was able to go and see her and just tell her that I'm sorry for my behavior. I can't be accountable for anyone else's behavior in this world, but I know what I can do for me and apologize for me and everything that I had done and the the mistreatment that I had for her. Because even though I had a biological mother, I didn't really know her well at that time. And I had the ability to say that there was someone that did take the time to raise me. And she did raise me. She raised me as good as she could. I remember one time distinctly where I I was not even in school yet and and this might sound really silly but it really impacted my life. Here I am at 52 years old talking about it. I was running down the road and I was just a kid. I don't know. It was before school and I think we're walking one of the older kids to school and I remember distinctly running down the road and just using my imagination and and there was cars and we needed to stop the cars so we could go across the road. And I remember running to the edge of the sidewalk and screaming out stop in the name of God and my stepmother correcting me sharply saying you don't use the word of God in vain. You don't do that. and and I thought, "Wow, it really stuck with me." And you know, she she did the best she could with what she had. But I recall spending time with her parents growing up in in Red Deer. And uh it's interesting now looking back because I remember hearing her parents talk about spiritual things. I remember them being uh I believe they were Baptists and they had a real strong Baptist faith. And uh I remember hearing her her her parents, my grandparents as I knew them, talking about the things of the Lord. And it was just sort of a normal thing for me. I had no idea about any of the dynamics as a child growing up other than these were the people in my life. And it was just the way it was. And I I think I even vaguely recall hearing them talk about faith healing. I I I was sure that I I heard them talk about it one time, but um I came to find out later that her parents tried desperately to get her to Calgary to be in some faith healing meetings back in the 50s. And that was Brother Brown's meetings. Amen. They tried to get her here, but it just didn't work out. For some reason, they couldn't get her here. And uh anyways, God rest her soul. She's gone on to her reward and Lord willing we'll see her again one day. When we moved to Calgary um we moved from a farm so from from the country. My dad was a farmer. He grew up on the farm and that's all he knew was farming. He came to the city, moved us into Dover into a a duplex. That's where we lived for the first few years. And you know, my my older brother tells a story of uh being 6 years old, how maybe he was even seven. He was in that range anyways. But in the winter time, it was very cold. He he went to school, uh I'm not sure, one of the schools real close there in Dover. And he came home and there's a bunch of duplexes all the same. He lived on the farm. He remembers what it was like to live on the farm with the dog and, you know, being in the country. And uh now he's in the city and he finds himself coming home from this new school. And what he did was he came into the house and he took off his coat and his gloves and he went and sat down in front of the television that was playing, which is what people did. It's what I did when I was growing up. There's always a TV in the house and you just go and sit down and and maybe, you know, warm up a little bit and then go and get some lunch. And my brother, he did that and he came to find out that he was actually in someone else's house. He wasn't in our house, but it was all brand new for him. He was just trying to navigate as a as a little guy and it was cold and found out that he was in the neighbor's house. But dad dad got us into this place in Dover. And then as time moved on, he was able to earn some money every way that he could. And uh you know, he worked real hard for our family in many ways. And uh he did various jobs. As I said, he was a farmer and he moved to the city and he he did all kinds of jobs. Whatever he could do, he never sat idle. He made sure that there was milk in the fridge, that there was food in the cupboard, and that we had clothing. And I'm certainly thankful for everything that my dad has done, including taking us to church. But he did exceptionally well with life insurance. After a while, he was able to get a job with life insurance and he became a life insurance salesman and went on to actually own a life insurance brokerage and uh you know he always provided the best he could for our family. Dad went on to have uh another marriage um after Carolyn passed away. Before he did, he had another child with Carolyn, my stepmother. And so I have a stepbrother Ian. And some folks here might have met him before, but he's my brother. I've never looked at him as my stepbrother. That's a technicality or formality to me, but uh anyways, um so there was five children that my dad had to provide for and a mortgage and vehicle and and he did it. He was able to do it by the grace of God. One of the first things that he did when he came to Cal Calgary with the family was he started attending a church in Calgary called Emanuel Church downtown. It's still there. It's on 1st Street and 17th Avenue. And that's the church that I was raised in. And uh we went every Sunday. There was two services every Sunday. And we had Wednesday services as well. It was a a a Pentecostal offshoot, if you will. And uh Pastor John Lucas II was the presiding pastor when when I was there. And it's interesting because this is a man he gave his life for Christ. I don't think that he was able to receive this message. I know that he wasn't. Um but I think that uh if I'm not mistaken, he is one of the longest serving clergy in the city of Calgary. He's about 85 years old. uh he might even be older, maybe 89 right now, but in his late 80s, he's still flying around the world to support Christians. He's not pastoring anymore. He is uh the president of an evangel evangelical society that raises money and uh distributes it. And as I understand, he has orphanages. His organization has orphanages all around the world. And two of them that are notable are in Philippines and in Mexico. And uh he's currently got a radio station, a radio ministry, I mean, not a radio station, but if you've ever listened to 11:40 a.m., he has something called the Sunrise Gospel Hour. And uh just uh fun fact, he is the one who actually helped us secure financing for this building right here. And uh I just think it's wonderful. He he was able to do that through a a company called Link Charity out of Toronto and uh it was just exactly what we needed at exactly the right time. And we know there's no accidents with God. Amen. It's a tremendous thing. He's a good man with an amazing record of helping people. His son currently presides over that church now as the pastor. He's uh John Lucas III and uh he's pastoring the same church. Um, and it's interesting. I I had met with him uh uh early on after I got saved. My dad had tried to get me to go and sit down with him and have lunch with him many times when he didn't know what to do with me. And uh as I was growing up and I thought, why would I ever go and sit down with a pastor when I'm a ranked sinner? I know where I'm at. And I'm not going to go and have lunch with this pastor guy. I don't think that's going to happen. And uh so once I got saved, I thought, you know, I really would like to sit down with him and just tell him God's done something for me. Like I'm I'm saved. Like I can't even explain it. Saved. And uh so I did. I met with him for lunch and uh we had a real good discussion and I told him what I was following. And some people had uh some people might have heard this before, but I just thought it was so good. this is the way this man operates. When I first got got into the message, call it this way, or or or better yet, when the message first got into me. And I went and told my dad, I expressed to him that something's happened to me, Dad. I I got saved and and and my life is different now. I'm I'm not rocking and rolling, and I'm not carrying on like I used to, and I'm I'm going to church now. And and I think my dad was just like a little bit unsure about what he was hearing from me. And and I he asked me, "Well, what is it? where you going? What are you doing? And I said, well, I don't really know what to tell you. The the church that I go to, I think they they follow a guy named William Brham. And I mean, this was very early on. And uh for my Christian walk, I mean, in the message and and he was quite concerned. He said, "I think I heard about him." And so, what did he do immediately? He phoned Pastor Lucas. What is this William Brham guy? What's he doing? and and John Lucas, his response was, "Is he serving God?" And he said, 'Well, yeah. And he said, 'Well, leave him alone. I thought, man, that was a real neat testimony. You know, we're we're here to get people to Christ. And as soon as we forget that, we've lost the the total meaning of what the gospel is. And so anyways, um meeting with uh I call him Pastor Lucas still. He's just always been Pastor Lucas. He probably always will be. When I met with him and and he started to express I asked him, you know, he he told me that he was in the meetings with Brother Brandham. And I said, "You were here in Calgary and Brother Brandham was here and you were in those meetings?" He said, "Yeah, we helped sponsor those meetings." And I was like, "Man, really? Wow." And he said, "Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. we were there and he said, you know, when he would preach, he had like five services or seven services, I can't remember what it was, but he said when he would preach, when the anointing would leave after the prayer line, he and Billy Paul Brandham would have to jump in and grab them or he would just collapse when the anointing would lift. And I thought, wow, that's incredible. Just just amazing to think that that man was there in those meetings. But, you know, the church that he was pastoring was an independent Pentecostal. In the 1970s, there was a Jesusonly movement going through North America and uh there was a lot of people, they call them the hippies. They were coming to church, the young people, you know, 1920 year olds. They were getting saved off the street in Calgary and they were coming into the church and they were a part of the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada, the PAOC. And some of the elders in the church were like, "Oo, we're getting uncomfortable. There's people getting saved here. They're they're getting a little bit out of order. They're getting a little bit excited. We like it nice and calm and collected. We don't want anybody getting too loud and excitable in our midst. Remember, Brother Bradom said, "We ought to be just as exuberant," Amen. as the people at their sporting events as Christians. But these people were getting uncomfortable with all these hippies coming in, all these young people. And so what did they do? They they actually told him, "You need to make a decision. You need to here's your ultimatum. You need to actually straighten up and stop doing that. you're making the elders uncomfortable or we're going to pull the actual accreditation of the Pentecostal assemblies. And he said, "Here, let me help you with that. You can have it." We're going to go on our own because we're here to get people to Christ. Amen. And I thought that was so good when I heard that because that's just exactly it, isn't it? Get people to Christ and let Christ do the work. It's not up to us to try and clean them up. But this was an independent Pentecostal church. Just to give you a little bit of a background where I come from there, man, there was healings, there was speaking in tongues, there was interpretations, there was prophesying, there was all of it. There was people slain in the spirit. All kinds of stuff were going on in this church. And you know, when I first came into the message, I remember thinking, man, it was all all wrong. They couldn't do that. It had to be terrible. Like, it had to be of the devil to do that. But when you really listen to the message and you hear what brother Brandham says, listen to the anointed ones at the end time. He says that it's the exact same anointing. Amen. It is not another anointing. There's only one anointing. Amen. And there's different vessels. And that's what happens. And that's why I love the word of God so much. If we just preach what the prophet taught, what will happen is that word of God will actually do the dividing. It will cause every single seed to grow. Good seed and bad seed. And there's nobody that can stop it. I think it's so beautiful. That's why I just love to quote the prophet. That's all we have to do is quote the prophet, speak the word of God, and watch that anointing take charge. But I recall this church that I was growing up in, it was a very dynamic church. And I I came to realize as a believer that it was the right anointing. It wasn't the wrong anointing. And you know, it it it made me real really desire it to see it as a child to see that this there's something going on here as a child. And I I I don't know. I don't want to just watch it. I I want to be a part of it. So at about age 10, I realized the importance of water baptism according to scripture. And so I I requested to get baptized. I I said I I would like to get baptized. If there's the free gift of a Holy Ghost going around, I I want I want one. I'd like to get my free gift so I can go home with it and study it and have it. And and you know, at this church, it was interesting. They had a real big ceremony. And I know every church is probably a little bit different, but there's a big stage and uh even if you go on their website, I was taking a look at it just recently. They've got a cutout in the back of the stage and they've got a baptismal tank right there. Many different churches have that, but this one was that way. And it was a it was a real interesting ceremony on a Sunday evening. and and I vividly remember it getting baptized in titles and uh I didn't feel anything. I I know that it happened. I know that my desire was there but I didn't feel anything. And it's so beautiful to think that we shouldn't feel something necessarily getting baptized. That's right. It's not about emotion. That's right. Sometimes people try and make it that way, but it's not that way. So after some time after getting baptized, nothing was changing. Nothing happened. I didn't feel anything. I didn't see anything. Everything was the same. I I as actually asked for some followup. I I said, "Hey, can can you help me get a handle on this here? I I'd like to learn more about it. How how am I supposed to get it? What am I supposed to do to exercise it or see it or handle it or whatever." And and so they they paired me up with someone to to maybe mentor me a little bit. And and and they took me on a Saturday into the church and and we began to pray. and and he said basically you just need to pray and and once you pray after a certain amount of time it will start to actually well up inside of you and before long you'll actually be speaking in tongues and you'll have the initial evidence to know that you've got the Holy Ghost in your life. And I I thought okay I think if that's the way it is. I mean that's what's happening in the services. I really would like to see it. So, I watched the brother pray and I watched him speak in tongues and and and I thought, you know, I don't know, man, if I can do that. I don't know if that's actually going to work for me. But, uh, I'll try it. We came this far. So, I actually tried and and prayed and, you know, I just couldn't do it. And and and I said to him, it just I can't do it. I don't know. It's just not working. And I know I remember thinking they probably think I just there's no hope for me at that point. And I know that was the devil right there in my head saying there's no hope for you. You're, you know, you're not going to follow suit. You're just going to go and uh get washed up somewhere out out in the world. And uh so I said, you know, whatever. It doesn't sit right with me. So I just couldn't do it. In uh sort of parallel with all of this in my school life, um it was pretty good. I had a pretty good school life. I had a pretty good upbringing in my house. There was some confusion as I mentioned a little earlier with my stepmother's illness. Um, paralleling what I was just describing in church though, my school life, it was pretty good up until about grade five. And what happened at about grade five was I started to fall under the influence of other people. And what it was was the wrong people. I remember vividly there was good people and there was bad people. Call it good people, bad people. They're all wonderful people. They just were in situations in their lives where they were acting out because of whatever the the behind-the-scenes situations were for them and their lives. And what happened was I was I was unfortunately I I fell under the wrong influence of so-called friends. And you know, I I don't say this to give the devil any glory. I I say these things to give God the glory. I want everyone who might hear my voice, either live or recorded, to understand that this is not about glorifying this flesh or the devil. It's what happened. Maybe we could call it an agreed statement of facts. But you know, these wrong influencers, they caused me to do things that I didn't really want to do. One of them was to listen to rock and roll. I remember going over to a friend's house. I probably said this many times, but maybe some people haven't heard it when I was young. I would go over to this friend's house and he had all the cars, the little toy cars and all the balls. He had all the toys and and I had very little toys at home and and I always wanted to go and play with him at his house and and hang out with him when I was young. really young, like five, six years old. And uh he would always play for a little while, but then he had this little record player, a 33 or 45 record player. It was like a pressed cardboard thing with a little lid on it and he slide it under his bed, but he pulled it out and his his brother or someone gave him this broken record. It had a chip out of the corner of it and it was a Beatles album. And he'd always want to play this Beatles album. And I would think, why do you want to do that? This is such a stupid waste of time. Why don't we just play cars? Why don't we do something useful like little boys do? But no, no, no. He wanted to play this music. And so I would say to him, I I'm not going to listen to rock and roll. I know rock and roll is bad. So I'm going to go home. And he would say, oh, come on. Don't go. And he'd close it and put it under his bed. And that happened two or three times. And then eventually he said, "You know what? Go." And I was like, "Oh no, now what? I want I want to stay and play. He's my friend or something. I don't know what to do. So I re relented to the influence. I didn't want to listen to rock. I didn't want to. But it was a situation I found myself in. And the only way that I could do what I wanted to do was to allow that. And what that was was the fingernail of the devil in my life in the door to just get it open just a little bit. He doesn't need much, man. He doesn't need much at all. He just needs a sliver of room. And so anyways, this influence of rock and roll started. It started, it was a seed that was planted in my life and it didn't actually grow until I was an adult till way later in my life. But here I was, grade five. Another influence that happened in my life was kids at school had cigarettes. Grade five. I don't even know how old you would be in grade five. 11. Seven. 10. cigarettes. First time I tasted weed, grade five. Got high and and foolishly ran to school because I was late. But that's what I did. I began smoking cigarettes as a regular thing. It wasn't just a a a sample thing. It was a regular thing in grade six. Grade six was a real turning point in my life. I began to associate with children who were troubled at that point. And I I remember one time in in the car with my family and uh there was static at home. It wasn't really good. Maybe I was I was probably misbehaving. I can't remember the exact circumstances, but I remember very well vividly being in the back of my dad's station wagon coming out of 52nd Street and Memorial Drive shopping plaza there. There used to be a Texico gas station right on the corner. We were coming out of there and we're going to go, I think, to the farm to my to my grandma's and Claire's home that day. And and anyways, I had a pack of cigarettes in my pocket and I was thinking, how am I going to be able to smoke these cigarettes with my family around? Am I going to be able to not be smelled and just get away with it? And I had them in my pocket and I was in grade six at the time. And I remember hearing a voice, audible, I don't know, in my heart, I don't know. I heard it. That's all I know. And that voice said, "You'll never make it without me." And I remember thinking, "What is that? What is that? Is that God? I don't know. I don't know." And I just carried on. But here I am, 52 years old. I remember it vividly. I began to associate with children who were in trouble because of the ease. The devil loves it for it to be easy for us, brothers and sisters. It is harder to walk the right way. The easy way is the devil's way. To all the young people, I'm speaking to you right now. You know, because of the disease of my stepmother, it was very difficult for her to parent actively. It was very difficult. So, what it did was it caused a bit of a maybe a leadership or a parental vacuum in our home. And so I was able to do a lot of things without her knowledge. One of them being able to smoke. And uh you know my dad I I don't hold him responsible for it. He was busy working hard to try and support the family. And he did he did a great job with it. But you know in doing that as the sole provider he wasn't around much. He didn't have a university degree or a college degree. He he didn't have a a tremendous salary coming in like uh some folks might have in doing that. Um he had his own business and having your own business means that you have got to be fully engaged. There's no time off. The time off means no pay. So anyways, he works real hard and yeah, I just want to say this for parents. Life gets busy. And if I just could make a suggestion, please don't allow yourself to get so busy that you can't connect with your children. Don't allow yourself to get so busy that you don't know where your child is at in his life, in her life, who's whose friends they're hanging out with, what the influence is in their life. Because if you can see that it's going the wrong way, you need to take decisive action. You, as the parent, you've got to do it. Amen. You can't just tell them, "Don't do that." If you do, they're just going to do that. Amen. And sure, you take the time to develop relationships so that they value the discussion and and when they do, they'll listen. You know what? When I came to uh the end of grade six and it came to grade seven, I I hope I'm not boring everyone with this. It seems weird, but I I'm just getting into the good stuff here now. The Lord really did something for me. when I when I started to get into grade seven is when I I I really started to the wheels started to fall off the wagon as it were. And uh when I went into grade seven, I was lost, man. I I I I don't know how I even functioned as I did, but I was just going through the motions. We get up and go to school and then we come home. Get up and go to school, come home. And you know, I didn't know how to study. I I found myself in a situation where homework was almost impossible for me. And I'm not trying to make excuses for it. I'm not trying to make excuses for any of this. It's just like I said, maybe an agreed statement of facts. It's just the way life was for me in my life. And you know, as this progressed, I began to become distant even to myself. I I didn't even really know who I was. I didn't know who I was supposed to be. I I didn't know what should happen. I I know that my dad said just go to school and get good grades, but I didn't know how to do that. I I couldn't put it together to be able to do that. My older brother was doing it fine. My older sisters were doing it fine, but I just couldn't do it fine. It just wasn't happening for me. It wasn't connecting. So, I became to become even more and more distant from the family. I became more and more distant. I was basically done church by then and uh just wasn't into it. If I went, I would be falling asleep or I would be getting up and going anywhere so long as I didn't have to sit in the seat too long. But my grade averages were terrible. And and you know what happened was because of the influence of the people that I was hanging out with, one of the kids that I hung out with, his parents gave him cigarettes. This was grade seven. We'd go to his house for lunch and I would sit there and watch him eat lunch and I never had a lunch and then his parents would give each of us a cigarette and that was the thrill of the day and then we would go to school and do nothing and it became a race to the bottom and grade averages were terrible, absolutely terrible. And uh I failed grade seven at Earnest Moral Junior High School. And that year, while I was busy failing school, I got picked up for shoplifting, if you could believe it. It was just following the perfect pattern to go the wrong way with my life. And you know, it was it was just the grace of the Lord that allowed this to happen because I got charged. I got prosecuted. And when I was in court, I'm just thankful to the Lord that I was handed a total discharge. My dad went and actually petitioned for me before the judge. And you know, it I remember it vividly. He actually took the responsibility for it all himself. He said, "It's my responsibility. I failed my son. A and for me, it never left me. And and I'm so thankful that he was able to do that for me, that he was willing to do that for me. And you know, it just makes me think, brothers and sisters, we have a father, too. One day, we're going to stand before a judge. And to know what that feeling is like, to not know what the outcome is going to be like, but to have someone that will petition for us in front of a judge, man, when we have no hope on our own, what a tremendous thing it is. Thank you, Dad, for doing that. My because of this my dad saw there was there was need for some some serious action had to take place in my life. We could not just allow him to continue on in in the trajectory that he's on hanging out with these kids. He didn't know my friends by the way. He had no idea who my friends were. He didn't know any of the stuff that was going on in my life. He just saw that Barry got picked up for shoplifting and that his grades were terrible and he's distant. we got to do something about this kid. So he took me and was able to arrange with my grandmother in ClariSome, that was his mom, to go live with her. So in February, weather like this outside, never forget it, really cold, the city boy moves to the country and I get introduced in the country school class. We have a new student and and it was just this this thing. It was so difficult to be the city boy introduced into a country school. It it was not an easy integration. Although the people there were were mostly very kind. It was so tremendous to live with my grandma. You know, my uh siblings, my my older sister will say even today, how is it that you get to misbehave and you get to pass to go and live with grandma and we all have to stay living here. But it's the way the Lord works. And uh you know, because of this, I was absolutely shocked to see that there was a different life. there was a different way of living from the way that I was experiencing at home. And uh it's just the way it worked out. I'm not laying blame or fault to anyone. And the reason I keep saying that is because for years, brothers and sisters, I I was at the place where I hated my mom. I'll say it. I I was at the place where I hated my dad. I'll say that, too. And I blamed them for everything. My mom, she didn't do this. My mom, she did do this. My dad, he didn't do this. my dad, he did do this, all these things. And you know, I would go and talk and talk and talk about all these people to other people and other people probably scratched their head and thought, "Man, this guy's troubled. There's something wrong with him." But you know what happened was I had to come to the place where I recognized that neither one of my parents were superheroes. They were only human beings. And both of my parents were fallible human beings. It's shocking. I know it. But young people here today, hear my words. Your parents are fallible human beings. Amen. They make mistakes and they will make mistakes. Amen. But we forgive them. We love them just like they forgive our mistakes and they love us. But because of this, I got to go and live with my grandmother Doris Johnson in Claire's home. I got to go to a Pentecostal church. And you know, one of the things that uh really captured my attention when I came to church the very first time was it was just like grandma's church. When you came into service, there wasn't people talking. They weren't moving around. They came in, they sat down, they meditated, there was soft music playing in the background. You could feel the spirit of God moving in the building. Amen. I remember it vividly going to grandma's church and you did not talk. If you did, whack. She made sure you knew, right? Grandma was uh call it old school. She made sure you knew. But in anyways, in Claire's home, the environment was good. The people wanted to prosper and I was able to get the influence to just barely pass grade seven. And although I had good good times in school and made some good friends down there, I still was rebellious in my spirit. I still had that, you know, be home for supper at 6:00. I would turn up at 6:30. Grandma would be fit to be tied would be exact phrase that she would use. She would be hot and I'd be like, "Why are you so mad?" Like, "What's up?" And and she would be like, "No, no, no. You you come home when you're told to be coming home." And I just couldn't understand that at the time. It just wasn't computing at all in my in my being. So, she said, you know, we just can't do this anymore. And I had to come back to Calgary. And you know it was right around this time just before this that I had gone through the desire to uh get the Holy Ghost in my life to get the baptism and uh coming back to Calgary was not a really positive thing for me to look forward to. I really did not want to come back to Calgary because there wasn't a whole lot of positive like I said to look forward to um in the family life. So, I went for the attention that I could get when I got back to Calgary because I had to come back. And that was with the troubled people again because it was so easy to be accepted. And you know, the troubled people at this stage were more troubled. They weren't just a little troubled, they were more troubled. And the acceptance was pretty easy. And I just I think it's so important for the young people to recognize what can appear as easy when you're young. Hear my words now. Every young person in the building, every young person that would listen to this later, every single one of you listen. What can appear as easy when you're young can curse the rest of your entire life. Amen. I'm a living witness to that. I've got scars. I I'm telling you, I would love to have a university education now. I'd love to have some kind of college education. I'd love to have had a career where I could say I've got investments and I've got I've got pensions and I've got all of these things, but I chose a different route and and I thank God for it now. I can look at it and say, "Thanks be to God because I am where I'm supposed to be. I know it." I've told people since I've been a pastor, they say, "What's it like being a pastor?" And I say, you know, for the first time in my life, I know I'm where I'm supposed to be. And alls I can do is rejoice at that. Amen. But just because it seems easy, it doesn't doesn't don't mean it's right. I'm telling you, be careful. So, I began to meet people now outside of school. Influences outside of school. How'd that happen? Let me tell you, parties. Hey, Barry, we're going to have a party. It's going to be at 7:00 at this address. It's going to be awesome. There's going to be this. There's going to be that. There's going to be them. Let's go. And I'd be like, "Oh, man. I don't know if I can get out. But I don't know if my parents will let me. I don't know. I don't know, man. Sometimes I'd have to wait until my parents were in bed and then open the window and jump out and go. But guess what? These people were even worse influence. These people were bad news. And you know what? Came to the place where I began to detest school. As I was going through all of this, I skipped out on many classes. After living in Clarison with my grandmother, I came to Calgary and and and my dad enrolled me into something that he thought would actually fix me. And and I say, "Thank you, Dad, for for doing that, but it just didn't work." And that was to enroll me in Heritage Christian Academy. If anybody has ever heard of it, it's a pretty popular Christian school in the city now, but uh it was a bit smaller at the time. Again, my sister, she really wanted to go to that school, Heritage Christians. She said to me, "How is it that you get into trouble and you get to do all the good things?" I say, "I don't know. I wish I didn't have to go here, but here I am." And and it went from bad to worse there. I vividly recall being berated and humiliated by the math teacher. And and I won't name him. His name is in my head, but I just don't want to slander anybody. But, you know, maybe you've seen a movie. Maybe you've heard stories about kids in school and how the teacher would come and berate them in front of everyone. And maybe they've got the wrong book, the wrong binder. I only had one binder. I didn't care. I just carried a binder to every class. I didn't have any study. No, you know, I was terrible. And I'm not saying this to glorify my my incompetence. I'm saying it because the Lord really did something for me. Amen. And if you want to see how much he did for me, let's have a discussion about our children and what they're doing in school now. But here I find myself in a situation. I'm enrolled in this Christian school. I don't want nothing to do with church. I don't want nothing to do with Jesus people. I don't want nothing to do with any of this religion stuff. I don't want to be in school. And here I am being forced to go to this place now. And and this guy, this one teacher, he would come and and and pick on me in front of everyone instead of actually trying to help me. He would open my binder and scream at me, "What is this?" and he would start tearing pages out of the binder and rip it out and make a big huge scene in front of everyone and then tell me to get out of my class and you should, you know, just on and on and on. I still have vivid nightmares about doing homework and not having homework done and not being ready to write the test. That is a very real dream of mine that still happens in my life. And you know what? It's my fault. I don't blame the teacher, but he was pretty harsh. He could have been nicer. And ironically, this was the guy that taught religion. He was the religion teacher, and he just loved to go on about the Godhead. Oh my goodness. The three persons of the Godhead. I vividly remember it, too. The triangle of circles. He He just would go on about that. The irony. Hey. So, after this school year was done, in my mind, it was over. I I was finished with school. But uh my dad had different plans. And what did he do? He didn't know what to do with me. So he he just gave me over to the Lord and he said, "You know, we just have to get you back in school again." So he put me back in Ernest Mororrow junior high. And uh so I found myself back back in Hearn Moral for my second year now of uh this was my first year of grade 8 actually in uh Earnest Moral. And so while I was there, I was halfway through this this school year in in grade eight and uh just barely passing grade seven. And the vice principal, he said to me, you know, um, you need to get out. You're wasting everyone's time. We don't want nothing to do with you. If you want to go to school, just go across the field to Forest Lawn High and register there. They'll help you. And, and I know what he was doing. He was going like this, just washing his hands. He didn't want nothing to do with it. It was just a problem child, another problem child for him to deal with. And at the time, there was a lot of problem children in that school. I don't know how it is now, but it was pretty problemmed then. And he was just seeing me as that. And you know, in my heart, I was like dancing a jig. Glory to God. I don't have to go to school anymore. Hallelujah. And my dad, he took a different stand on it. He said, "You will go to school. It'll be in the fall at Forest Lawn High, and until then, you'll get a job." So I said, "Okay, I'd love to work. I prefer to work, actually." So he he connected me with a friend and I went lived in Golden for a little while and lived out there and worked as a mechanic helper and sort of got my hands uh introduced to mechanics and it was kind of an interesting thing. But you know that uh that tenure wore out and I had to come back to Calgary and I had to face the music as it were and began school in grade 10. And what's interesting about this is as I began grade 10, I was missing a huge part of the concepts that I should have learned in grade seven and grade 8 and grade nine. There was no grade nine. It was just grade seven, sort of a bit of grade 8 and then grade 10. So because of that, I I thought, you know, for everybody's sake, I'll just give it a try. I'll just give it a try. We'll keep the peace. and I went and uh I got about halfway through the first semester and uh biochem was a breeze for some reason I was able to do it. It was it was a breeze and maybe it was just simple stuff in the beginning. I don't know. But the rest of it I just couldn't do. And uh you know after after that first little bit I I was done with school. I was just out. I quit and uh found myself with nothing to do except for hang out with those people that I shouldn't hang out with. And uh my dad said to me, he you know what? If you're going to live in my house, you're going to work or you're going to go to school. You're going to do one of the two things. And if you work, you're going to pay me rent. You are not going to sit here and just freeload. It's not my responsibility to support a dead beat. I taught you better. You chose different. Now, A or B, school or work, whichever it's going to be. And so, it took me some time to connect the dots on how life works. I went and hung out with some of these people and saw that you know what? If you do anything in life, if you want to do anything in this life, you're going to have to dig in your pocket first. You're going to have to dig in your pocket first and see if you've got enough money to do what you're thinking about doing. Otherwise, all of the advantages, the things that people paint and portray online to make it look so glamorous and fun, forget about it. And that's what I had to learn. Oh my, I need to forget about a lot of things in life now. And you know what happened was I I was able to connect the dots in my life and and recognize that you either work hard in school to work less hard in your career or you take it easy in school and realize one day. I was having this conversation with Isaac. What would it be like to one day realize I made a mistake that I can't fix and now for the rest of my life I'm going to have to pay for that mistake and that was just education. Sometimes people do that in relationships and children come on the scene. There's things that can happen in life, brothers and sisters, if we're not willing to follow the leadership of the Lord, the leadership of our parents, which is the leadership of the Lord. We can have lifong consequences. It took me some time to connect the dots on how life works. You either work hard in school or you take it easy in school and you will reap the rewards. But you know, for me, I grew up in a situation where we didn't have a lot and I I just desired to go and get a life. And it sounds real terrible, but I I just that's kind of the way it felt. If if I was going to have it in my life now, I recognize fully there was no tether to my parents. There was no we're just going to, you know, give you some living. We're just going to give you some support. They they help me in in terms of different things along the way. I'm not saying they didn't, but I recognize now because I had forfeited my schooling, my chance at schooling. It was up to me if I was going to have any money in my pocket, if I was going to be able to check and see whether I could do that thing or not. It was up to me. No one Dad wasn't just going to give me a credit card. He wasn't just going to say, "I'll just give you money and you can go skiing with your friends." No, no, no, no, no. If there was going to be any fun to be had, it was because I worked to get that money. So being being a bum and living broke, it was never an option for me. I came to know many many of those bums who were broke in my years of delinquency. And I went and I got a job. I I had tried many different jobs. Um, one job that I got which I had potentially told at different times was uh one of these one of these people who were a bit unsaavory actually worked as a shoe repair at a shoe repair. And I I said to him, "Can you get me a job? I think that's something I could do. I potentially could do it. I mean, if you could do it, obviously I could do it, right?" So uh anyways after much proddding and bugging he was able to get me a job and I was so immature in in my thinking in my ways but what happened was I was able to demonstrate eyehand coordination I was able to show that I could actually do it even though that I could see with my eyes at that time I was a blind shoe cobbler brothers and sisters I was not serving the Lord I was able to get a job and and with this job it was in a national franchise it was called Money's Worth and best. It was uh from Toronto to Vancouver all across the country. I think they had a hundred different outlets and uh you know th this type of shoe repair was so much different than the old old guy in the dim back room type of shoe repair. It was a very different thing and uh anyways I was able to learn it and and very well and and I progressed into a place where I was I became a managing partner of the South Center Mall outlet in Calgary. I worked there for about 12 years. And uh it's interesting because during this time they actually tried to get me to move to Edmonton to take on the West Edmonton Mall store. There was a shop in the West Edmonton Mall and they took me out for a weekend and showed me a good time and tried to get me to move. And even in the world as a kid, I was like, I just don't like Edmonton. I can't do it, man. No. So, I didn't. And uh they said to me, you know, because of that, we don't have any work for you. You can uh choose what you want to do. He was trying to strongarm me with it in the shoe repair industry. And I said, you know, whatever, man. I got a life to live. See you. And I just left. I went and did a few other jobs. And then I he said, "If you ever change your mind, just call me." And so in the end, I I changed my mind and I called him and I went back and and wound up working with him for a long time. Uh we had about 12 or 13 years of of work together. And I I just came to the place where I got tired of working retail hours. And you know, it was every holiday, it was every weekend, and every evening. And if you ever uh consider shoe repair in in sort of the age in which we live in, I mean, it's a lot different now than it was um 20 years ago, but uh trying to find someone who knows how to fix shoes and is reliable is a very difficult thing. Very difficult thing. So what would happen is as the managing partner it would be my responsibility the buck stop with me to make sure those doors were open in the mall. You couldn't just not open the doors in a mall. You have to open at a certain time and you have to close at a certain time. So I just got fed up with working those hours. And uh along the way, the power of influence. I had pulled up my socks by then and I was working really hard and not really hanging out with the other people that I was. They were busy doing their thing and I was busy doing mine. I realized that I wanted a house. I wanted security and and I wanted to be my own boss. I wanted to be the master of my own destiny. And so I was busy working on getting a house. And I was able to do that while I was being a shoe maker. And you know, under the power of influence, I wound up working with a guy who was a shoe maker. And uh he was an alcoholic. And I didn't really worry about anything because I had my own problems and saw the way um these people lived their lives. I had been around a lot of alcoholics and it never really affected me. And there was all kinds of other stuff going on. And what happened was by by the reason of influence, the power of influence, hanging out with this guy, this character, I wound up drinking myself. I started down that road of drinking. And uh what happened was I became a functioning alcoholic. I would go to work and uh when I was done work, then I would go to drinking and once I was done to drinking, I would go to sleep and get up somehow, I guess, by the grace of God. and and stumble to work and work all day and just continue that cycle. It was bad. It wasn't good. Through the process of time, I wound up quitting that job as a shoemaker and I wound up getting a job at a home builder. And uh I started out as a as a junior laborer because that was all that I could do. I didn't have credentials to be uh anybody else. So that's where I found myself as a junior laborer. And uh I was probably about 28 years old when I did that. And I worked my way through the company into a position of service and warranty after a few years. And by this time I had a house of my own and I had done some renovations in it. So I was quite familiar you know with the ins and outs of houses and you know basic construction. And all the while I was consuming alcohol like crazy. And uh one of the things I discovered working for the homebuilder was they liked alcohol too. So it was almost kindred spirits. There was, you know, party celebrations. They always had an open bar. It was just it was awful. But it was uh it was convenient for me in my situation. And it was the grace of God that I was able to hold down the job during the week. But uh you know, evenings and weekends were just a wreck for me. And working here, I I had worked with many different companies as as a home builder. If anybody I know a few of us here have built new homes, you understand what it means to have deficiencies, a deficiency list. I was the guy that actually facilitated fixing all the deficiencies in every single house in the area in which I worked. And uh there was this one company in particular. It was our kitchen supplier where there was someone in the service department there that really stood out to me. There was two service coordinators there, but there was one that just really seemed to make it easy to do our job. And uh you know, the the other one was was pretty good, but but but the one that I'm talking about was absolutely spectacular. It made it so easy for me to get things done. And and she really stood out to me. I was like, how is it that someone can be so good at what they do and and make it so easy when everyone else doesn't seem to be able to? there was something different there anyways and uh so she was currently doing so well in her position in the company that they wanted to move her into another department and she didn't want to do it but she wound up doing it because she had no choice and uh that meant that we would lose contact now we weren't even friends really we just worked together and whenever I needed something for the kitchen company I would call and hope that I would get her because it was friendly it was immediate it just worked And uh so one time she told me that she was moving on to a different department and I said, "Well, you know, farewell, have a nice day. I wish you well." And carried on with life. I wasn't really, you know, it's the way things go. I understood that. I wasn't looking for anything. And uh I was certainly thankful that I I had the time that I did. We were able to get things done together. It was wonderful. And I was at a place in my life, just to be clear, where I wasn't interested in settling down with any woman. I had come from a position in my life where divorce, my dad had uh, you know, broken marriages, and it's just the way it worked out there. Uh, I don't fault him for it. He's a human, as I said. Um, I hung out with people who were the unsaavory ones where that was sort of the mainstay there. There was a a place where people just don't even believe in marriage. They just shack up together and it's just terrible having children and the people that did get married, they would divorce and I was just wasn't getting married. Not going to do it at all. I'm going to have a house. I'm going to be the master of my own destiny. Nobody's going to divorce me and take half my house and and on and on and on. That's not going to happen. I I did it differently. And uh so anyways, I was at a place in my life where I was quite content that way. I wasn't interested in settling down with anybody. And and it was just the way it was for me. All in the midst of it, I was hungering and thirsting for righteousness. And and there was something in my life that I was really thirsting for. If you ever listen to the message thirst, brother Brandham talks about it. The human being has been created to thirst. Amen. We have been created to crave the spirit of God. And you know what the devil has done? Has perverted the avenues to feed that craving. He's come out with alcohol. He's come out with entertainment. He's come out with music. He's come out with movies. He's come out with all manner of distraction to try and keep people busy enough with all these things to miss out on the true satisfaction of that thirst. Amen. Here I found myself hungering and thirsting so much. I was drinking so hard, thirsting for it so much through my whole life. I desired God, but had no idea where to find him and and and didn't want to find myself getting connected with some denomination or some cult. You hear about all the different things in the news and as I grew up, I saw all the weird people and the and the TV evangelists and you hear about the ones who get caught sinning and all they do is want your money and on and on. We all know about all this. And so as a as a call it a backsliden Christian, I desired God but couldn't find him. He just wasn't anywhere that I could see. I just went my own way and tried to make it the best I could. And I was afraid to get connected with the wrong thing because of what could happen. So alls I did was carry on. It was because of the pain I suffered. I felt like God, he didn't really care for me about where I was. So why would I bother really trying to go after God in any avenue, in any way, shape, or form? And you know what that is? That's the devil's lie. That's the lie of the devil for us to think that God doesn't care. And you know it just came to me as I was as I was preparing these notes. It was a superficial justification for sinning. It gave me the ability to say because he did or didn't then I can. And what a lie. Such a terrible place to find yourself. I found myself to be a drunk. I found myself alone and not knowing how to ever find God. And you know, brothers and sisters, I'm not joking about that. I found myself a drunk. I would I would consume way too much alcohol to the place where my stomach would reject it. And I was at the place in my life where I I felt like then I was satisfied for some twisted reason. That's the way the devil gets us, isn't it? We get sprayed with his DDT and then we find ourselves in some strange realm of existence which is so far from the way a son and daughter of God should live. But that's the way I was living. I was I was drinking alcohol at night until I would get sick and then I would say I've had enough. What a terrible place to be. That's where I found myself. It was my thirst. It was my desire for God though that was happening in my life. And the devil is just trying to put anything he could in my front of my path. Banana peels I talk about. So I found myself to be a drunk alone and not knowing how to ever really make it right or get back. And you know what did it? It was that initial time where I started to listen to rock and roll. Way back when I was little, it was that initial time where my dad said, "Don't do that." And I knew that he said, "Don't do that." But I did that when he said don't hang out with that kid. I don't want you to see you go and and spend time with that child. Don't do that. And what did I do? I did that. Every time we start to step over those flags in our lives, what happens is that voice grows dimmer and dimmer and dimmer until we find ourselves in a position where we're a drunk and we're alone. Where we're an addict, maybe on a street somewhere, maybe we're in a bar. Maybe we find ourselves in jail. You know what? The devil doesn't care how far down we go. He wants to take us all the way to the grave. And it all starts with the facade. Let's go party. Let's go have fun. It's fun. It's exciting. It's not fun and exciting, brothers and sisters. It's the path to destruction. I'm telling you by experience. So, I tried moving away at this point. I sold my house. I said, "Man, I got to do something drastic. I got to get away from these people." the the neighbors that I lived beside, the people in the area, we we all drank together. There was this this this call it a club and and I just had to get out of there. So, we sold the house. I sold it. I found myself living in a basement suite. I was building a new house with the home builder that I was working for. And and I was still a drunk. Even though I moved away from all the friends, I still had the drinking with me. I still had the desire. And you know what happened is it grew stronger. The more that I tried to do something on my own, the worse it got. And I didn't know how to change things in my life. You know, one afternoon while I was working, I started to feel sick. And and after a day or so of not getting well, I went to the hospital. I just went to the hospital. I just paused my appointments and I drove myself to the hospital and I found out that I had appendicitis and they scheduled me for a surgery. And little did I know that this would be the door that God used to open the way back to him. While I was in the hospital recovering from surgery, this service coordinator that I had respected, but I didn't know well. I had only met her one time for not even five minutes, she turned up at the hospital. And I I was shocked. While I was in the hospital, I had no alcohol for three days. I had no cigarettes for three days. I had no marijuana for three days. I I had no influence of friends for three days. All I did was sit and watch a beacon of light spin in the night. If you've ever experienced it where you just can't sleep, that's what I was doing in the hospital. I was watching this cell tower and this light would just spin. And and I remember thinking, you know, in my life, what is my life going to amount to? My my grandmother, God rest her soul, she was a Pentecostal Christian. Am I ever going to see her again? She was the one who who was always the same. She never really changed in her life and and the religion that she believed and everything having to do with God, she just sort of stayed the same. And she kind of reminds me that that cell tower out there, that light kind of reminds me, that beacon that just continually does it exactly the same. Is there any hope for me to see her again in my life? And I remember vividly thinking, "Nope, not in this condition. I don't know how on earth I'm going to be able to do it." And the next day, like the third day I was in there, maybe it wasn't the next day exactly, this service coordinator turns up and I'm like, "H how are you here?" like, "What are you doing? What's this?" And I didn't know what was going on at that time, but I had respect for her because everybody told me she's a Christian. Don't you swear or she'll hang up the phone. And we've talked about this in the past, but maybe some people don't know. This is the testimony of how I met my wife. She came to visit me in the hospital and she witnessed to me. I I had been in there for a while without all this influence in my life and and reflecting and wondered where am I going to go? Am I ever going to see grandma again? What's going to be the outcome of my life? What will people say about me? And this one person who was a representation of Christianity that I had seen in modern history in my life, she came in and you know she didn't preach to me or have a lot of theological discussion. She just simply said to me, "Come and see." Cuz I asked her, we actually went from the the area where the pay phone was when she came in and I saw her and we went to the lounge and sat down in the hospital ward. We're sitting there and I said to her, "What tell me about your church? Tell me about you. What is it about you? Cuz there's I I see a light about you when I talk to you on the phone. There's something different about you. What is it?" and she just said, "You know, come and see. I could give you a book or something. I could tell you about it when you get out of the hospital." And right when we're having this conversation, three of the drinking buddies walk in right in front of her, right in front of me. And I'm like, "Oh my goodness, this good Christian girl is here in front of me." And I'm finally trying to get some answers about the clarity moment that I'm having. And and now this this representation. And it was interesting for me because really, brother Brandham says it, doesn't he? Show me your people and I'll tell you who you are. My people just came in. And and I was like, "Oh my goodness, that's how I am." Oh. So through the process of time, I got out of the hospital and I didn't immediately come to church. Why not? Because it was so easy to go back to the old ways of life. This old man don't like dying. Are we okay for time, brothers and sisters? Amen. This old man didn't want to die. The service coordinator at the kitchen company, she had moved on to another position and we lost contact and there was no relationship outside of work. So there was no reason to be in touch. And our conversation in the hospital had sparked an interest in me, but that pull of the old life was just way too strong. And it's interesting because I had gotten rid of most of my old friends. I had gotten rid of most of my old ways. I wasn't going and associating to the places that I used to. I was doing my own thing, but I still had this this this devil was haunting me with alcohol. So here I found myself one day with my boss. We were sitting in the back office and and the company was just exploding. It was Morrison Homes for those people who are interested. There was 40 employees when I started working there and by the time we left there was 140 employees and we had a brand new big brand new office building in East Lake Industrial. But one day I was sitting in the back room of the warehouse because they had no more room for the service department in the office building. We were sitting back there drinking coffee before work. It was about 6:30 or 7 in the morning and and he just told me just off the cuff, we're hiring a new service coordinator in the office. And I was like, "Yeah, okay, that's great. Cool. We could use it. We're getting real busy and we need more help." And he said, "Here's the applications. Why don't you look through them? Tell me what you think." And I was like, "Wow." Okay. So, I looked through them and there was one that caught my eye in there and and it looked like this one woman from the kitchen place. I was like, "Is that is that her? Like, is that the one?" And he said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. Why?" And I said, "Throw the rest in the garbage and hire her. Hire that one." And you know, brothers and sisters, it wasn't because I I knew her. It wasn't because we hung out and were friends. There was I never come to church. I'd never really heard her even witness to me other than coming to the hospital the one time to say, "You know what? There is a living God." That was all. But she did her job. That's right. There's one thing that I want to say about her in her position as a Christian. She was not lazy. She wasn't stealing from her boss by going and doing other things when she should be working for the salary that she was given. She was actually on it with every single thing. So much so, she completely cleaned up the service department. They're like, "Wow, if you're that good, we want you to move over to the renovation department because that's messy." And if you've ever done renovations, it's messy. But anyways, so he says, "Yeah, that's her." And you know what? So he he took me up on it. This was one time where he listened to me and he said, "Okay, that's fine." He brought her in and and this kind of sense of humor that he had. He said, "You know what? Since you actually suggested that we hire her, she's going to be your service coordinator. She's going to become your boss now. She can schedule your life for you." And I was like, "Okay, that'll be fine." because I know she's on it. Everything will work out. That'll be great. Perfect. I like it. And she came to work with us and uh it was just a wonderful time. And you know, she began to witness to me. We we we interacted in the office and and we started to maybe become friends at work. Um there was zero hanging out. There was no communication other than what would happen in the normal course of work. And this woman that I worked with began inviting me to church. And I I she knew that I had a curiosity about it, but I just could not allow that old man to die. That old man just did not want to die. So, she would invite me to church and I would resist and invite me and I'd resist. And, you know, eventually I gave in and and this is the way it worked out. She had called me because there was going to be some special services this one weekend in 2005. And uh she called me and and and I didn't pick up because I I was on my way out to Oktokes where my new house was being built. My first house. This is while I was living in the basement suite. And and and I thought, you know, I I don't want to go to church this weekend. I'm going to go look at my my house. I'm going to go and get some beer and go and do my thing. And you know, she's just going to invite me to church anyways. And so I didn't answer the phone. And and when the phone stopped ringing and I was driving along, I remember distinctly again hearing a voice in my heart, in my head, I don't know, in the van maybe, but but it said to me, "That just might be your last call." And if you've ever been to a bar with alcohol, you know, they do a last call at the end of the night. You know, you got to scramble to get another drink before they close. It's kind of the way it is. But I I remember distinctly not thinking about the bar and my last call on alcohol. What I was thinking about is that that donut-shaped thing that's tied to a rope on a ship when you're drowning and they throw it to you. That's what I remember thinking about vividly. That just might be my last call. My last opportunity to be saved from drowning. And I thought, man, this is weird. I don't know what to say. I guess I'll call her back. And so I called her back and she laughed and said, you know, I guess you uh you thought I was going to invite you to church again, right? I said, well, I don't know. and she said, "I wasn't going to call you and invite you to church because I know you're not going to come. But what I wanted to do was invite you to a barbecue. I wanted to invite you to a gathering." And so I thought, you know, that's that's cool. I could do that. Might not be so so so preachy. So I thought, you know, okay, that's fine. And uh it was it was a real nice evening. I went to a a fellowship. I think it might have been a potluck even, which is a a tremendous thing. And you know, I I just can't help but think this was actually my first service. The first church service that I went to was actually a fellowship. And some people might say, "Brother Barry, that's not possible." But I want to say it this way, brothers and sisters. We live Jesus Christ. We are the temple of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The lives that we live represent Jesus Christ. Or they don't. There's no middle ground here. That's right. So getting together with the believers, it really did something for me. It showed me something that there is actually a life. These people, they're not salivating to get my email so that they can get me to tithe and and get their claws into me. No, no, no. That wasn't it at all. They were really kind people. And I I thought this is really nice. So I enjoyed the evening there. We had such a wonderful time. That was at the Fulkerson's acreage, their first acreage out southwest of Calgary here. And you know, it was just a wonderful time, the evening. And there was this guy sitting around the fire. I've told this story many times. It was brother Aaron McGiri and he's from Texas where it's really hot and he was here in Calgary where it was really cool. It was in July. He was wearing a hoodie and he was wearing baggy jeans. He had his hood up. Um, and so I thought, you know, there's no pressure sitting beside this guy. He looks like my kind of people, motocross, snowboarders. And I sat down beside him. And his first words, I made it the whole night. It was safe the whole night. Nobody preached to me at all. We just had a tremendous buffet of food. And if you ever have been to Sister Joannne's house for ice cream, the dessert is phenomenal. We had a wonderful evening. And uh anyways, sitting beside brother Aaron Mciri, he says to me, "So, what church do you go to?" And I'm like, "Oh, here we go." So, I took the time. I said, "You know, we got nowhere to go. I'm going to tell you what church I go to. I don't go to church. and the reason I don't go to church and and my parents and and the church and and and all these different things. And in the end, I summarize it all by saying they're hypocrites. It's it's hypocrisy. We go to church and we pretend to live Jesus Christ, but yet there's no power of God in the church. So why would I want anything to do with it? And he said, "Well, you know what? The way that you're judging all those people is causing you yourself to be a hypocrite because there couldn't be a false without their first being a true. And I was like, h maybe you got something there. So anyways, we just sort of brushed it off and carried on with the night. But you know what happened was the words that he spoke to me resonated in my heart. And those words from that church service sitting beside a campfire outside. It got me to church Wednesday. The very next Wednesday, I think that was a Sunday night or maybe even a Monday night. I can't remember exactly. You can look it up. July 27th, 2005. It got me to a Wednesday night service. And you know what what is interesting is uh it got me to that service, the first church service. And and it gave me the ability to to not have fear to go by actually just getting together and fellowshipping with the believers. It was wonderful. My my experience at the fellowship at that night, it caused me to try. Now, it could easily have gone the other way had somebody said, "What church do you go to?" "Well, why don't you go to church? How could you behave that way? Don't you know that that's sinning? Don't you know you're a sinner? Someone could have just started giving me God sent a prophet and we are are here to tell you that you need to repent." And and they could have done all that, right? What would that have done? I would have been like, "Right. See, I knew it. I knew it. But instead it was love. Everyone there exuded love to me and showed me that there was a better way to live. And and I was like man and you know honestly I don't think anyone was pretending there except for one guy. He made a joke. He cracked a joke at the very beginning which wasn't good. But aside from that everyone else they were just living their life. They were just being who they were. Doves are just doves. Sheep are just sheep. We just are who we are. But that caused me that experience to come to church. I desired to see what this was all about. So July 27th, 2005, I came to service in the upper room. I heard the preaching. I couldn't understand it, but something inside of me said, "That ain't nothing but the truth. This is truth. There's truth here in this building." And you know, I said in my heart, God, I want you to know that I need to know you are real. If you are God, then be my God. Amen. This is my testimony. And I'll tell you what, brothers and sisters, he answered my prayer. He showed me that he's God. And he became my God that night, that moment. And I said to him, I surrender all that I am to you right now. This was all in my heart, in my head. I surrender all that I am to you right now. There's nothing in my life that I reserve. I don't reserve any hurt that happened to me when I was a child. I don't reserve any emotions or feelings. I don't reserve any resentment. I invite you to come inside of me and take complete control of my life. Wash me by the water of your word. That was my prayer and he answered it. Skeptically, brothers and sisters, I came. Remember, I was a raging alcoholic at the time. I smoked a pack a day of cigarettes. I drank until I got sick. I didn't know where to go. I was thinking maybe a 12step program would help me. Maybe I could go to some program where I could live in it and and somehow they would be able to stretch me out and let me not live with it and somehow I would come out a better person. One service, complete surrender, delivered me from all of the effects of my past. Amen. Amen. And you know, it took me years to even recognize the power of that testimony. It took me years to recognize that. I didn't even realize it. But what happened, brothers and sisters, in that moment, because I fully surrendered personally. This is my opinion. I believe that God gave me the Holy Ghost right there. Amen. When I was 14 years old, he took me right back to where I left off with him. And you know what? It's exactly with what the prophet said. He doesn't leave us. We leave him and all we've got to do is get back to where we got off. My genuine desire was to get the Holy Ghost in my life. Oh my. Many years later, he gave it to me. I'll call the musicians. You know, I realized that there was another baptism because of it. I didn't realize that I got the Holy Ghost in that moment. Some people might dispute it and that's okay. You can. In the Bible, people got the Holy Ghost without water. But what happened to them afterwards? They when they got the Holy Ghost. When they got the Holy Ghost, they came in line with the word. They didn't say, "I got the Holy Ghost. I don't need to be baptized. I've already been baptized in titles." No, no, no, no, no. They came in accordance to Acts 2:38. They said, "I know that who the Holy Ghost is is alive in me, and I will never ever deny the word." Amen. And I realized there was another baptism. So I said, "Hey, I want to line up with that word." So, you know, I I was so thankful. We were talking about this just recently. I couldn't remember exactly when it was. And Sister Shelley helped me with this. It was in September 8th, 2005. I got rebaptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. For the remission of my sins. Brother Ken baptized me and Brother Logan. And that's uh the late pastor here, Sister Shelley's husband, Brother Ken. Maybe stand with me as we close today, brothers and sisters. I just want to read one quote, and I don't know if I sent it to you. I apologize if I didn't. It's 195345E witnesses. If you type in the search app, and that's right, comma 2. And that's right, brother Brandham says. And that's right, too, Christian. Be sure that down in your heart, God has separated you from the things of the world and made you a new creature. and then go tell people you're a Christian. Until that's happened, stay right at the altar and die till you're just as dead as you can be. All right. Die till you're so dead till you can even Well, that's right. Dead. He says, "You know, I think today we bury too many live people. You bury people after they're dead. Isn't that right?" He says, "Yes, sir. Listen, brother. A dead man won't argue with you." Now, you might say, "Oh, Brother Perry, you can definitely get into arguments with people." Listen to what the prophet says. Listen to what the Holy Ghost speaks to this generation through the prophet. He says, "Listen, brother. A dead man won't argue with you. You can say anything to him. You want to call him all kinds of names. He won't say a word. Why? He's dead. And a man that's dead in Christ, you can offer him a drink, you can give him this, that, or the other, but he's dead. Hallelujah. And he's hid in Christ through God, sealed by the Holy Spirit. Amen. He says, "That's it." Now then, he can't do those things because he just can't do it. It's against his nature. He becomes a new creature. He says, "You take an old hog and wash him up and scrub him up and manicure his toenails and give it lipstick and put it on all the nylons. You want to turn it loose. It'll go right to a wallow and wallow. The scrubbing don't do no good. It's still got the nature of a hog. And when you take a lamb and put him in a mud hole, he'll squeal till you get him out. Why? He's the nature of a lamb. Now, the only way to keep the hog out of the mud is to change his nature. That's right. This is the Holy Ghost speaking through the prophet. Yes. That's the only way to make a Christian. Let his nature be changed. Brothers and sisters, let's let our nature be changed. Let the Holy Ghost inside of our lives just one time. We read this quote before Christmas. Just once, just try him and see what happens. He says, "That's the only way to make a Christian. Let his nature be changed from a sinner to a saint." You see, and there's only one remedy, and that's the Holy Spirit. Amen. Then you're a witness. Amen. Amen. You know, brothers and sisters, after a few months of attending service, coming to services on a Wednesday night pre-ervice, I can tell you, brothers and sisters, Wednesday services are some of the most powerful services that you will ever encounter in your life. They're some of the most powerful that I've ever encountered. If you can make Wednesday services, there's something special about them. But, you know, I heard the Holy Ghost say to me, "Why are you here?" I had my eyes closed, my head down. I was meditating with pre-ervice music going and I was just in the moment just thanking the Lord, praying to the Lord to search my heart and try me. Just allow me to come into this service with the right motive and objective. Let me not be dragging any sin. Let there be nothing in my life, Lord, to get in your way. And I hear a voice say to me, "Why are you here?" With my eyes closed, are you here for the girl or me? And I opened my eyes and I had to look around and say, "Who said that? Who said that?" I didn't speak the words, but I looked around and thought and there was nobody there. Nobody was talking. It was just quiet. The pre-ervice music. And it was in that moment that I had to realize that was God. That was God speaking to me sovereignly. And you know, brother Brandham says that he might only ever speak to a man one time in their life. My And I found him speaking to me. And I know in my heart, I said, "No, no, no. I'm not here for a girl. No, you know my heart, Lord. I'm here for you." If that's you talking, you hear my voice right now, my heart. I'm here for you and you alone. And you know what, brothers and sisters? If we put him first in our lives, seek ye first the kingdom of God, and then all these things shall be added unto you. I'm a witness. I'm a witness. Amen. Four children later, a beautiful wife, a wonderful family. It's all the Lord. The only way it comes is by full surrender. I want to say God bless you this morning. Thank you for listening. I pray that somehow someway it would be a blessing to someone. There is nothing glamorous about dealing with the world, about making ourselves fashioned in any way with the world. Brothers and sisters, it is the path to destruction. It will take you down. Trust in the Lord with all your heart. Lean not unto your own understanding and all your ways. Acknowledge him and he will direct your path. Listen to your parents. They won't do you wrong. Let's just bow in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for godly parents. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for the leadership of your Holy Spirit. Oh, Father, I pray that Lord, you would just minister to the hearts, Father, that could be searching this morning. Father, maybe there's some that have things in their lives that don't seem to want to leave them. Father, maybe there's some that have never come to know you in the full power of the baptism of your Holy Spirit. Maybe there's some weward children. Oh, Father, maybe there's marriages. Lord, any of these problems are not too great for you, Lord. You are able, more than able to solve every single one of them. And they all stem to one avenue, and that is full surrender to you. Father, I pray that Lord, we would be able to surrender our lives completely unto you, Father. That we would be able to see the full manifestation of your life living out through us, Lord. Not trying to seek signs and wonders, but Lord, trying to seek the the liveless of your word, Father, that we could live our lives as a lively stone, Father, in the midst of a crooked and perverse generation, Lord Jesus. Father, I just pray that somehow someway the word spoken today would be for your glory. I'm so thankful, Lord Jesus, for what you've done for me. Lord, you make it so easy to worship you, Father. Lord, I don't have to look at the past. I don't have to look at the things that that I did in my life in the past, but I can look towards the prize for the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Father, I pray that each and every one of us would desire that, Lord, to to press on, Father, not to fall backwards, Lord Jesus, or sideways, but Lord, to just go forwards in you and to allow you to have the preeminence that you desire in everything that we do, Lord. And if you can't be with us in everything that we do, then help us to stop those things that we don't want you to be a part of, Lord. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just commit each life into your hands now as we go our separate ways. Bless your children, Father. If it be your will for us to gather again on Wednesday, Father, we'll be careful to give you praise and honor and glory, Lord. You're so easy to worship, Father. We love you so much, Lord. Yes. Continue watching over your children. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you today. [Music] [Applause] Can we sing that chorus in the presence of Jehovah in the praise? There's nothing that can't be fixed by him of Jehovah. God [Music] Almighty, oh praise of peace, trles manage, hearts are [Music] Standing in the [Music] praise of the King in the presence of Jehovah. [Music] In the praise of Jehovah, God all mighty grace of peace. [Music] [Applause] Trles hearts are [Music] men in the praisees. of the [Music] king. Can we sing that song? I don't know what the title of it is. I apologize. He walks with me and he talks with me and he tells me I'm his own. No. [Music] with me and tells me I am his [Music] [Applause] own share as we there. [Music] That's the one. [Music] the garden alone while the Jew is still on the roses. And the voice I hear, oh God, my ear, the son of God, his [Music] clothes, and he walks with me And he talks with me and he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we tear there not other has no he speaks. He speaks at the sound. Have you heard [Music] it? It's so sweet. The birds touch their singing and the me. All I need to be within my heart is ringing. And he walks with me. And he talks with me. And he tells me I am his own. And the joy we share as we tear there not other has ever known. I stayed in the garden with him. Though the night around me be falling, but he with me go through the voice of his voice to me is God. falling and he walks with [Music] me. With me and he tells me I am his own. The joy we share as we tear there another [Music] can told. I know we sang this other song before service. Can we sing it again? 758. Sorry about that last one, brothers. Victory in Jesus. Amen. These two songs, they speak to my heart. These are the Christian songs that my grandmother used to sing all the time when you were in her house. I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. how he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. Amen. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood at my sins and I won the victory. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, victory in Jesus my savior glor me. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Oh my. He loves me. Yeah, I do. And all my love is he to victory the cleansing blood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing. How he made the lake to walk again and he caused [Music] the gave me sight. Why? Come and heal my broken spirit. And somehow Jesus [Applause] came brought it to me. Glory. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is to him. He launched me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about a mansion he has built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the old redemption story. God bless you today. I'll sing out there this song. Hallelujah. Victory. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I know. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] What are you? [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
