################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 2025-06-29 - Bro. Barry - The Genuine Original - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    2025-06-29 - Bro. Barry - The Genuine Original
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7idcnjNtVM
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson
Sunday, June 29th 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you saints. Please stand with me. Can we start with the chorus? Oh, and soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. Oh, no more die again. We are going to see the king. We're going to die again. We are going to see a king. And go forth again. We are going to see a king. Halleluah. Hallelu. We are going to see. Oh, soon and very soon. We are going to see soon and very soon we are going to see the king. And soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see. No. No more cry again. We are going to see the king. No more cry again. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see forever. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon. We are going to see the king. Oh, [Music] we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. Amen. Are we happy to be in the house of the Lord? Hallelujah. And when the world asks why you wake up early to go worship, to go sing, this is the reason why my sins are gone. Amen. Amen. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. Oh. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they gone, I say my sins are gone. Oh, the blood of the glory. Oh, far is from in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Oh, praise God. Oh, my sins are gone. was at the old time alter when I came my way. Now my sins are gone. My lord full possession the devil did watch how thy sins are There is one of the [Music] mercy of God for that's good enough for me and my sins are glory. [Music] my meus. [Music] [Applause] My soul [Music] is in the sea of [Music] praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, I'm living. I'm living now for Jesus. Oh, I'm happy. [Music] My s are my soul. Oh, my heart. I see my I see my [Music] king of the cross of Cal [Music] is from God. Oh, in the sea of God's behold my Let's clap him. [Music] [Music] Oh my [Music] god. [Music] I'm worthy of glory and praise God. My sins are amen for prayer. God bless you saints. Let's just close our eyes. Just shut off this outside man. Lord, our inner man wants to commune with you this morning. Our inner man is rejoicing, Lord Jesus, in your presence. Lord, we thirst for your word this morning, Lord. And we've read it. We've sung it. We've talked about it. We believe it. Now, we want to be quickened by your word, Lord. And if there's areas in our life, Lord Jesus, we've come to the house of correction, Lord. We ask your Holy Spirit to expose any unbelief in us, Lord. Expose any doubt in us, Lord. Expose any any hurts, any traumas, any anything, Lord Jesus, that's hindering us from taking another step closer to you. We want to rise up with you this morning, Lord. that you've ordained a way, Lord, by the hearing of your word. Lord, may we just help us to say amen to every word that we hear, Lord, through your through your servant this morning, Lord. We believe this message that you sent to us. We're grateful, Lord, that called us into your nest, Lord, wherever we'd rather be. We love you, Lord. And I just know by the end of this service, Lord, your grace will pour out and we'll fall in love with you even more because you're that kind of person. We bless your name, Jesus. [Music] Why don't you greet your neighbors as you're seated? [Music] Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for you. I am so blessed. My soul is resting. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Oh, thankious I thank for all you love. I am so blessed. My soul is at rest for the Lord. He deserves all the thanks. Oh, thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks. [Music] Yes, I am so blessed. My soul is selfish. Oh, I give you. Let's give him thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for it. I am so blessed. My soul is separate. I give you softly one more time. Thanks. Thanks. I give you else deserves this for all you. I am so blessed. My soul is thous. [Music] Amen. I'm truly blessed. Amen. Amen. I'm in prison of shames. Amen. We've all been here. Amen. in prisoners chain with bleeding sty [Music] let's break that and began to change forever. and dear be blessed. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you. I hear you through my heart through the I [Music] should find you're in a prison. [Music] Reach out to high and they will fall in Jesus name. I miss your name. I bless your name. I give you all. I give you. [Music] I bless your name. I bless I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you. I give you praise. You are blessed. I bless your name. I bless just our voices. I bless your name. I bless your He deserves it. I give you honor. [Music] I give you. You are the truth of I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What can wash away my sin? For nothing but the love of Jesus. When what's made me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jes. And precious is the Lord that makes you watch. No other found nothing but the power of stand with me. Oh, for my body. This last nothing but the truth for my cleansing. [Music] Nothing but the king. And all precious is the gold that makes me like [Music] nothing above when nothing sin hurts. Nothing but blood of Jesus. [Music] That I have nothing but the blood of Jesus. Andious is the Lord [Music] has [Music] found you nothing but Oh precious. Oh precious. As the demons cover the ties and my brings me like nothing [Music] and this is all my peace, nothing but the [Music] This is all my life. [Music] Oh, precious is the [Music] last. [Music] Oh, I know. Nothing but the love of Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Amen. All I can say, it's good to be home. This group means a a lot to us, more than we could ever express or bless you all. Thank you for being you. We just have a few uh announcements here. First, we do have the potluck today. So, any visitors and amongst us and everyone else, please come out enjoy some fellowship. July 6th, we have brother Roshan here ministering. And July 9th 9th, we have brother Deladon. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in another word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, thou art God. Thou art my God. I am your son because you cling to me. You predestined me, Father. I no longer want to make it awkward, Father. I just want to accept it and walk in it, Father. All the blessings, all the authority, all of the circumcision, Father, that's required, all of the adoption, this is truly the hour of fullness. Father, as our brother prayed, Lord, as the word goes forth this day, Lord, I desire to surrender all. I desire to be laid bare before you. Amen. Fully exposed, Father, the good parts and the bad by the spirit of the Zermit, Father, that we could take them into captivity, Father, and stand above them. Put them below our feet where they belong. This is the hour for it, Father. Your bride standing on the earth. You manifesting yourself freely, Father. Father, we love you. We worship you with our hands, our hearts, our mouths, our very lives, Father. Lord, we desire to manifest it all. Lord, feed us this day. Fill us aresh. Bring us closer and higher. Father, in you, I pray. Father, a part of our worship, Father, we bring our tithes and our offerings with a full revelation of what it means and how to do it and why to do it. Father, we do it in love. We do it in understanding. Father, use it and bless it, Father, for your honor and your glory. Bless the remainder of this service. We love you, Lord, and we know you're here. And we welcome you and we proclaim it, Father. Thou art here. Amen. In each and one of us and if someone is in our midst that doesn't have that assurance and that guarantee, may this be the day that it anchors so deep that the whole world will stand and say there's a son and daughter of God. Bless your name, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we commit the remainder of this service. Amen. Same song. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jes but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh, precious is the reach me. [Music] Oh, [Applause] so high nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] You have your seats. We have a few specials this morning. I think sunny school class ready. Please come up. [Music] [Music] Hold this. Can you just say Luke 10:27 love the Lord our God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, with all thy strength, with all thy mind, and thy neighbor as thyself. Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall not enter therein. Mark 10:15, Romans 10:9. But if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart, that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Psalms 865. Thou, Lord, are good and ready to forgive, and plenteous in mercy unto all them that call upon thee. [Music] [Music] From the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Joy is a flag. From the castle of my heart. For the king is in there. Let it fly in the sky. Let the world know. Let the whole world know. Let the world know. Let it fly in the sky. Let the world know that the king is in residence there. From the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Joy is the flagown from the castle of my heart. For the king is in residence there. Let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world let the world know. Let the world know. Let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world know that the king is in residence there. Let it fly in the sky. Let the world know. Let the world know. Let the world know. Let it fly in the sky. Let the world know. Let the king res [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Might as well clap it. Amen. Amen. Can we ask for the George if you please come up for a special [Music] [Music] I've seen the lightning fly. marshing and heard the turn road. I felt saints breakers dashing [Music] trying to conquer my soul. I've heard the voice of my savior [Applause] telling me still fight on. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. Oh no, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. Oh no, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. The world's fierce winds are blow blowing tempations sharp and king. I feel a peace in knowing my savior stands between. He stands to shield me from danger. Whenever friends I gone, he promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Never to leave us alone. Never alone. Oh no, never alone. He promised never to leave us. Never to leave us alone. No, never alone. [Music] No, never alone. He promised never to leave us, never to leave us alone. He promised never to leave us, never to leave us out. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Mr. Helen, will you please do I almost called you Auntie Helen? Different crowd. [Music] Praise God. I just want to sing and thank the Lord for adding another year to me and I'm grateful [Applause] and my uh my request or what I aim to do is to never miss an opportunity with him. [Music] A quiet afternoon [Music] Mary sits alone at Jesus feet. But in the other room, Martha has so much to do. She's missing out on fellowship sweet. And I know I could be Martha all day. I won't let my chance to be with him slip away. I want to be married for a while in all that I do. Close the door to everything that keeps my heart from you. Lord, I want to rest here and feel heaven smile. I want to be merry for a while. [Music] I know that I'll make mother proud of me. With lots to do and places I must be. [Music] And yet I need this time to refresh my heart and mind. Your presence, Lord, is just what I need. [Music] For I know I could be Martha all day and let my chance to be with you. Slip away. I want to be married for a while in all that I do. Close the door to everything that keeps my heart from you, Lord. I want to rest here and feel heaven smile. I want to be merry for a while. Draw me nearer. Draw me nearer. Precious Lord, draw me nearer to your side. Draw me nearer. Draw me nearer. Bless the Lord. Draw me nearer to your side. Lord, I want to rest here and feel heaven smile. I want to be married for a while. [Music] I want to be married for a while. [Music] [Applause] Why don't we give them all another hand clap? Amen. I know I already said it, but isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord? Our God is so good. The last song please Gabe. Amen. We have a maker and he knows our name. I have a maker before my heart. Please share with me. I began my life was he knows my name. He knows my heart. He sp [Music] I have a father. I have a father. [Music] Oh, he'll never he'll never leave. No matter where I go. Amen. He knows my name. He knows my name. As Mother Mary comes and I have a maker. I have a before before my heart. Before Before this time, my life was in this knows my name. He knows my [Music] se. [Music] We have a father. I am where his the creator of the heavens. He'll never There's nowhere we can go. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every cross. He sees me that falls and he hears me when I call. Amen. God bless you today. Welcome to the house of the Lord. One more time. We're certainly honored and truly privileged to be able to gather together in the name above every name. The name that makes demons tremble. If you have a need this morning, maybe just make it known unto him, the person of Jesus Christ this morning as we go to him in prayer. We just like to remember Sister Claudia Rencon from Edmonton. She uh has requested prayer for her family. She's encountering real difficulties trying to serve the Lord herself and her family challenging her on that. So, let's just go to him in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, we truly count it a privilege, Lord, to gather together in your presence. We don't take it lightly, Lord, to recognize whose presence we are in. And this morning, Father, we just invite you, Lord, to have the preeminence that you desire in this service, Lord. And not just in this service as a as a duty, Lord, as a a tradition, but Father, Lord, in our service unto you with our worship, Lord. Father, we're so thankful that we can gather together in your name. There's so many people in this world who are persecuted heavily for doing so and we can do it freely, Lord. Thank you for that privilege, Lord Jesus. Father, this morning we just want to remember the sister that we have already spoken, Lord, Sister Claudia Rencon in Edmonton, Lord. Father, we know that you are more than able. We have heard countless testimonies, Lord Jesus, on how one person in in a family unit can actually bring the entire family to your feet, Lord Jesus. And Father, we pray that this morning we could unite together with our sister, Lord. And that Lord Jesus, we would hear the testimony, the praise report, Father, about how you have restored that family, Lord Jesus. We know that there's only one thing of eternal value, Lord, and that is your word. And that is your word in the hearts of your children. Amen. And many many times people have requested things in their lives. But we know that James spoke about it and how they've asked a miss because they've asked according to the lust of their flesh and the lust of their minds in their hearts, Lord. But Father, there's only one thing of eternal value and that is for the Lord Jesus the redemption of the souls of our children and our families, Father. And Lord, I pray that our sister could apply the token, Father, and we could stand united with her, Father, for her family. That Lord, she would bring a testimony of praise. Father, this morning, we love you and we thank you and we just want to remember each need that was made known unto you today by the way of an uplift hand. And Father, we just ask that you would meet those needs sovereignly according to your will, which is your good pleasure, Father, your word. Now as we turn to you, Father, which is your word, we just ask, Lord, we invite you, have the preeminence, Lord, speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus. Let us not leave this building the same way that we came in. Father, we know that some people will say that alls they heard was the preacher calling them a crow, and others will say, "Alls I heard was that I'm an eagle." And Father, it's not up to us to discern that. It's only up to you. And we just commit that into your hands, Father, for your glory. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. Thank you each one for the specials today. What a what a glorious thing it is. If you have your Bibles this morning, I'd like to read a few scriptures, but I would just like to start in Romans chapter 8. Romans chapter 8. While you're turning there, I just would like to quickly thank all those who have brought forth questions and put them in the uh the offering box at the back there. They certainly have been received and I love the idea of bringing out the answers for the questions. So, you know, brother Brandham says it very clearly that if we have questions, then we know what is in the heart of the children. We know what the people's minds are and and God can minister to us when we bring forth a question. And if it's a spiritual question, I guarantee you, brothers and sisters, there is a spiritual answer. Amen. Or there wouldn't be a spiritual question. It's a beautiful thing. But we know that uh the Lord is more than able. I I myself can't do it on my own, but we just give the Lord the glory. This morning, I'd like to read from Romans chapter 8, starting at verse 22. This is a scripture that we're witnessing in the day in which we live. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to it, the redemption of our body. For we are saved by hope, but hope that is seen is not hope. For what a man seeth, why do he yet hope for? But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it. Likewise the spirit also helpeth our infirmities. For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. And he that searchth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the spirit because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God. To them who are the called according to his purpose. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. I certainly would like to thank everyone for coming out on a another Sunday. It's just a wonderful thing to be here again in the presence of one another and more than that to be in the presence of the Lord. Bear with me for one second here. Excuse me. Just like to welcome the visitors, Brother George and Sister Hope and the children from Cloverdale Bible Way. Trust you feel right at home here today. certainly thankful to have our friends the Clawson's here and not the Clawson from Saskatoon but the Clawson's from High River and the USA. God bless you today. Currently also residing at Cloverdale Bible Way and uh Sister Vera and Sister Haley Wheeler. God bless you today. And I know that there's some that we don't know the names of and we just certainly would like to welcome you in our midst as well. We trust that something will be said of eternal value for you. Today we have a praise report that we wanted to bring and that is uh for a sister summer creepon. I hope I've said that correctly. That was a sister that young sister that we prayed for who felt that she didn't want to serve the Lord anymore. And uh she's back in service today at her church. Amen. She has the testimony that she now has a joy she never knew before. Amen. And you know, we certainly can give the Lord a clap for that because I think that's tremendous because the will of God says our strength comes from his joy. And that's where it comes from. We can have all of the spiritual strength that we can muster up on our own and be miserable, but you know, we're only going to be as strong as our knowledge to and adherence of the word of God. So when we know that our strength is from the Lord, the Lord is our strength, then uh the joy of the Lord brings even more strength to us. It's just a wonderful thing to know his word. But we certainly want to continue to pray for Sister Summer Creepon because we don't want to live on emotion. We can very easily get caught up on emotion and believe that an emotion is actually going to be the experience that we've been waiting for. And we know that a lot of denominational teachings will bring that to say that, you know, if you speak in tongues, if you dance in the spirit, if you shout, if you cry, if you go through all these different things, then you truly must have the spirit of God. And and that can be true. But that is not the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost. Our only evidence was given to us by a vindicated prophet in the age in which we live. And we all know what that is. And if we don't know what it is, I'm just going to say it. And it's quite simple. It's that we have the ability to stay with the word of God. We have the ability to say amen to the word of God. We're not willing to try and make excuses for it to say that well, the word of God was for another age, it was for another time, it was a cultural difference. You know, if God sent a prophet, he would give that prophet the word that the people would need for the day in which we live. But somewhere along the way, somehow it just became convenient to try and push it aside and say, "Well, that prophet, he just went off on his do." And we know, we know that happened in in the book of Jeremiah very clearly. That prophet was given a word of God and he gave it to the most religious people of the day because that's who God told him to bring it to. And what did they do? They just shunned him. They said he's he's gone off his rocker. He's just a little bit out there. He's not exactly traditional the way that we have been so traditional and perfect in all of our ways. But what happened was Israel was destroyed because of it. There was a major captivity that happened because of it. But if they would have just listened to the word of the vindicated prophet, it wouldn't have happened the way that it did. Getting into our our scripture today. Well, I I guess I should just mention two other things. I apologize. Um because I really want to get into the word, too. But uh we do have the potluck today. And we just like to remind everyone if we could try and be timely. If if if you want to come later, you're certainly welcome to. But those people who want to eat together, we're going to aim for uh 2:30 uh as a time to eat and uh we trust that will be okay for everyone. And I would just like to bring a greetings from a brother that I got to meet in Philippines with uh with brother Mvin when we were there last at this Asians minister meeting. And the brother's name is Manahheim Sonong and he is a minister. He's a pastor from Indonesia and I have to say he is the sweetest brother, just one of the sweetest people that you would ever meet. And uh I just believe the Lord put him on my heart today. I don't know why. So I just reached out to him and you know we had a little bit of a a conversation and he said, "Please greet the saints in Calgary for me and and the church here and my family." So bring you greetings from brother Mannheim in Indonesia this morning. Today is a very special service and uh I never take it lightly when we enter into this kind of a service and I I just believe out of Romans chapter 8 I I want to encourage this to anyone who ever gets just a little bit down in their in their minds or down in their spirit. And I'm so thankful that, you know, my pastor, he taught me this scripture here. And uh I was so blessed to be able to get it, to listen to it, and and to perceive it. And you know, it's one thing for us to read it and and to listen to it and to try and perceive it, but it's it's a whole other level when the teacher comes and and when the spirit of God ministers the word to us. And and we've heard it many times. We'll say it again. We can read the text as a newspaper and and we can study the Bible as a text and we can study other manuals about text, historical documents and we can have a tremendous knowledge about the word of God and about all of the different gospels. But when the spirit of truth comes into our life, into our heart, this book becomes a brand new book. And and you know, we had a vindicated prophet that taught us from the King James version. And I know there's a lot of people that want to try and argue and debate on all the different availabilities of versions of the Bible. And that's fine. You're welcome to do that. But as for me, in my house, we'll serve the Lord according to the King James version because that's what the vindicated prophet of our age taught from. Everyone else can do whatever you feel led to do. And I I had a conversation with someone once upon a time about just just a a simple thing, but you know, sometimes questions can come up and and they can be almost like trick questions. And one of the questions that I got in a conversation was about mixed marriage. And we know that that's a very contentious issue in the Bible uh in in the word for our day, call it the word for our day, not in the Bible. I stand corrected with that. With the message of the hour, brother Brandham, he said, "Don't do it." and and we could have a big long discussion all about that. But my immediate answer to the person was, you know, some might say even it's just a a simple way out. It's a an easy way out. But I think it's the only way out. Brothers and sisters, I said, "First things first, before you get married ever, don't even think about marriage until you know for sure you have the Holy Ghost." Amen. If you're talking about getting married and all of the other things without having the Holy Ghost in your life, you're headed for the falls. Brother Brandham called it hell on earth. And if you've ever experienced divorce, I can tell you for sure it is. But many times we can get caught up in in ideas and and traditions and uh even questions that can be very difficult to answer. And I just want to say this, brothers and sisters, get the spirit of Christ. And there's only one way to do it. You might be wondering, why are you going off on this? Because something special is going to happen today. Sister Haley Wheeler has the desire to get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, not just to get baptized. If if we're getting baptized just to get baptized, we're going down as a wet sinner and coming up as a wet sinner. But when we desire to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost, there's only one way that's going to happen, and that's to actually follow the word of God. And we know for sure in the house of house of Cornelius, they didn't even have to have water to get the Holy Ghost. While Peter yet spake these words, what happened? The Holy Ghost fell on them. And you know, that's what my desire would be for us today. While we yet speak these words, the Holy Ghost would fall in our service. For those people that have the Holy Ghost, they'll just say, "Amen." They'll perceive it, and this will be home. This will be like heaven for them. And those people that have never perceived what it truly means to see the baptism of the Holy Ghost in their life that it would become real to them. That it would be something like they've never experienced. Like our sister said that she has never had that kind of a joy. Because that's the only real joy to a believer is the spirit of Christ in them. But you know, to not go all the way, what a sad place to live. Brother Bradom says it very clearly. we could become the most miserable people on earth. Why would we want to pretend? Why would we not want to go all the way over River Jordan? Why would we not want to die out to oursel? Because this flesh doesn't want to die. This flesh wants to live. The creature, if you go back and read in Romans chapter 8, it talks about the creature. The creature was made in vanity. The creature doesn't want to die. But we know that Christ came and died for the creature. So that the creature doesn't actually have to die. The spirit inside the creature has to die. Why does that happen? Because he will not share his glory with anyone. Having the baptism of the Holy Ghost is not me plus him or him plus me. It's me decreasing all the way out of the way so that he can increase inside my life. So that the people around me can say, "What is it about you? something different has taken place in your life because the word of God says that we become a new creature. We do not stay the same. And for those people who actually maybe are the same way that they were 10 years ago, I want to encourage you just lift your cup up a little higher and ask him to pour some more of himself in you because any person that's staying the same, you're dying. The universal law in this world is you're either growing or you're dying. You don't remain neutral. You don't stay the same way. Amen. Sister Haley Wheeler, God bless you for following the leadership of the Lord in your life. She's recently moved to Calgary. I believe she wants to attend church here with us. She knows all about the message of the hour and she wants the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, you know what? Where you want the baptism of the Holy Ghost, there's a Holy Ghost baptism just for you, sister. And you know, I think it's just so beautiful. It it's, you know, Matthew 28:19 and 20. We could we could actually just let's take a look over in the book of Acts for a second. Over in the book of Acts, I just want to dwell on this for a second. I'm never going to ever underestimate this. We know that. Brother Brandham says that we can never overestimate the importance of revelation. How is revelation going to come to us? Revelation is going to come to us according to the word of God. But you know, we're not going to have true revelation without the spirit of God. It takes the spirit to quicken the word. Many times people want to take the law and try and quicken the word. But we know the law kleth, the letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life. Hallelujah. So for the sake of time when we do the baptism I just want to explain a little bit about this I think it's so important you know when we look at this we we follow this very closely in Acts 2 verse 37 it says now when they heard this they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles men and brethren what shall we do wow we've heard something like we've never heard before and you know what's shocking really when you think about it that they would be behaving this way. This is something that we've never heard before. But yet that's exactly what they did. They said, "What shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them, "Repent." The first step is repentance. Godly repentance. We've got to know that we're born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come into the world speaking lies. We're all sinners. Whether we believe it or not, whether we understand it or not, we are. And unless we're willing to accept that, we actually are not going to see this promise of God come to fruition in our life. But when we recognize that we're sinners that need to be saved by grace, God is more than able. Amen. Then Peter said unto them, "Repent first, and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Amen. For the promise is unto you and to your children and to all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And brother Brandham in the church age book, he brings this out and he says it's for the Jews, but it's also for the Gentiles. Even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And thank the Lord that he's still calling. Isn't it wonderful? You know, we can turn over to Matthew 28. Let's just do that quickly just for uh just for the sake of discussion here. I think it's really important. Matthew chapter 28, we know this is the great commission. This is where all of Christendom, all denominationalism places their bets. This is where they put all of their ministry. In Matthew 28:1 19, "Go ye therefore," this is Jesus talking to them, by the way, "Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I commanded you. And lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." Amen. Amen. Sometimes we can take a scripture and say, "Well, that's exactly what it says." But let's not forget the disciple Matthew, who actually was not the author of this, by the way. He was the scribe. He's the one that actually put the pen to the paper. But we know the Holy Ghost is the author. Many times it's it's worded this way that there's all these different authors in the Bible. There's only one author of the of the Bible. It's the spirit that we've already read about. But here we have Matthew, the scribe, writing this down. These are the words of Jesus. Matthew knew who was the name of the father. He knew who he was. Amen. Matthew knew who the son was. And he knew there was a promise of the Holy Ghost. But who would that be? Not a second person or a third person or a first person. The person of Jesus Christ. And I love how brother Brandham brings it out. I'm not going to quote it today. I'm not going to kill us with quotes today. For those people who get nervous with quotes, don't worry. I have one quote that I'm going to bring. And uh again, I apologize. I forgot to send it. I meant to, but here we go. I'll I'll just go easy with it. I'm not going to do it now, though, just for the sake of it. But you know, brother Bradam, he he said that the disciples, they knew Jesus. They knew him. He was their friend. We know that he said to them, "I no longer call you servants, but I call you friends." Amen. So they understood who Jesus was. It didn't become a mystery. We know where this came into play. This was at Nasia Rome many years later but not very many. Let's turn over to uh Mark chapter 16 just for the sake of discussion this morning about this this great commission this this go into the world and and get baptized business that we're talking about. Verse 15 it says, "And this is Mark 16, the great commission." Mark chapter 16:15. And he said unto them, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." So he's actually saying exactly what Jesus said in the prior chapter, the prior book in in Mark. Go ye into all the world, preach the gospel to every creature, and he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. But he that believeth not shall be damned. And we know these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents. And if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. And we know that the Lord was consumed up in a cloud. After that, they watched them steadfastly go up to heaven. Getting into the book of Acts there. But you know this this this part is a very interesting thing as well because you know you have the pendulum it swings one way and then it swings the other way. It goes back and forth. And some people say, "Well, it has to be literally the father, the son, and the holy ghost." And you have the pendulum go all the way to the other side and they'll say, "You know what we're going to do? We're going to have a vial of poison on the pulpit and we're going to get a box of rattlesnakes and we're going to get in the spirit and and we know that that's the word of God, right? One extreme is just as extreme as the other extreme. Amen. We know that Jesus went out into the wilderness when he was filled with the Holy Ghost and he had Satan come around and tempt him three times. And what did he do? He defeated Satan every single time. One way with the word of God. Hallelujah. And unless we're willing to follow the word of God, we're not going to see the power of God manifest. We're going to actually be justified, but we might not be actually glorified. We might not actually have the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. Many people can witness the power of God fall in a meeting. Many people can witness the power of God move in their lives, but it doesn't mean you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost if you're not willing to say amen to every single word of God. Amen. According to the vindicated prophet, do you have the Holy Ghost? If if we're willing to substitute and make excuses for the word of God, do we truly have the baptism of the Holy Ghost? If the word of God says that, you know, it's wrong for a man to lie with a man, and that's called homosexuality in the world in which we live in, and the word of God says that it's an abomination, we know that Christians all over the place say amen to that. Amen. man with man, man with woman, whatever else you want to come up with. This world is full of it. You don't have to go very far. And I apologize for being blunt about this. But you know, the exact same word abomination is used for a woman that wears a garment that pertains to a man. Why is it? Because in the sight of God, it's abomination. Amen. But it also says if a man wears a garment exactly the same according to the word of God. If a man wears a garment that pertains to a woman, it's also abomination. It's not just heavy-handed towards the women, which many times it is. What's good for the goose is also good for the gander, isn't it? It's for the believer. And the believer is the one that's going to say, "Amen. Maybe I never heard that before, but you know, I like it. Where is it in the Bible? I want to go and find it. And if it is, then I'm willing to say, "Amen." And I'm going to change my life to pattern after the word. I'm not going to try and take the word and find an excuse or another version of the Bible that's going to be nice and calm and and clean and make it easy for me to do the lifestyle that I want to live because you'll find it if you want it. Amen. But I want to encourage us, you know, if God did send a prophet, which he did. Amen. But if he did, just for the sake of discussion, follow his instruction. Just follow his word. And you know, today talking about baptism, I think it's so beautiful. Amen. We've looked at these at these scriptures and and how they've been given. And you know, they can be just one extreme to the other. We've talked about that. And you know, in Acts 2:38, we we read already, and I think it's so beautiful because e even in my Bible, I I love the the notes that it has. Even in my Bible, it's called Peter's sermon. And I'm sure in many people's Bibles, it's called Peter's Sermon. Many times, it's referred to as Peter's sermon. But I I believe just like it is not the acts of the apostles in the book of Acts. It is not the acts of the apostles. It is the acts of the Holy Ghost in the apostles. We need to make sure that we're giving credit where it's due. It's just like plagiarizing the prophet. And that's where we talked about it on Wednesday. I thought it was so amazing. Some people might think brother Barry did a whole study on paring the prophet. I never had one note on paring the prophet on Wednesday. But you know, they just have to follow the leadership of the Holy Ghost, the leadership of the spirit. And you know, we could be paring the prophet very easily, but who wants to just talk and not walk? That's the most miserable place to live because you can talk all you want, but then you don't have the joy of the Lord in your life because you know that you're not living according to the word of God. And you know, you can bluff yourself maybe a little bit. You might try and bluff your spouse a little bit, but you can bluff bluff brothers and sisters a little bit. But you'll never bluff God and you'll never bluff the devil. But boy oh boy, when the devil sees that we get serious, when we get right down to businessmen with God in our lives, when the devil sees that, that's when he trembles. That's when he says, "I need to take a step back because I can't deal with this person." And we know that's what happened to Goliath. The whole church in Israel, what were they? They were they were trembling. Even the one who was head and shoulders above all the rest saw the king. Oh my, he was he was a warrior, that man. But what did he do? He was afraid. And all the people fed on his fear. All of the church fed on his fear. And you know, brothers and sisters, I don't want to be afraid. Amen. I'm not going to be a Saul. Oh my. I say, Lord, help me be a David to come up and say without fear, are you serious right now? that giant's going to step into our congregation and start boasting against the children of the living God. Are you serious? We're not going to allow that. No way. This uncircumcised Philistine has no rights. And you know, Brother Brandham brought it out very clearly that that circumcis uncircumcised Philistine, he was the same as a devil. That's right. And he boasted his claims. He said, you know, you you you I sent I asked for a champion, man. You send me a little kid. Are you serious? He said, you know, today I'm going to take you, little boy, and I'm going to feed you to the birds. Amen. I'm going to put you on the end of my spear and I'm going to feed you to the birds. And that little boy with just a little bit of revelation, what'd he say? He said, "You know what? You come to me with staves and spears, but I come to you in the spirit of the living God. I know that you're a trespasser, and you have no power here. But you know, David came ready, didn't he? David didn't just turn up without praying. David didn't turn up without going down to the brook and carefully selecting five stones. Amen. And you know, it's been said many times that there's a reason why he had five stones. I don't think it says it in the Bible, but we know that this giant had four brothers, didn't he? David came ready. He came prepared. And I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, when we gather together this way, let's come prepared. Let's go down to the brook and find some smooth stones and recognize the power within us. But you know, the word says that in the latter days, the latter times, that the love of many should wax cold. Why? Because of iniquity. Because of iniquity. Iniquity is doing things that we know we shouldn't do. Amen. and not doing things that we know we should do. And I say, "Lord, help me. Lord, help me. I know that I have iniquity in my heart. I know that David had iniquity in his heart." But you know what we can do is bring that to the Lord and say, "Lord, have mercy on me. I don't want to have iniquity in my heart. I don't want to have sin in my heart." And we know that sin is not smoking, drinking, carousing, and all that garbage. Sin is simply not believing the word of God. Not actually believing that God is able to deliver us. But you know this sermon here, Peter's sermon in the book of Acts, they were all filled with the Holy Ghost. They believed what their friend told them to go and tarry ye in Jerusalem and wait until you're endued with what? Power from on high. And when you are, go out and then follow my instructions that I told you about. Don't go and try and get into the acts first. Brother Brandham says get in the spirit first. When you can get in the spirit first, all of the acts will follow. But you know, this wasn't Peter's sermon. What Peter did was simply said what the prophets had said. And I think that's the beautiful thing about the day in which we live. We have been given the vindicated prophet's word for the day in which we live. And that will give us the ability to get the token in our lives. And we know the token in our lives is the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. Even though there's a lot of impersonators in this world, there has to be a genuine. There cannot be impersonation without an actual genuine. There can't be a counterfeit bill without there being a genuine original. That's what this sermon is, the genuine original. I think it's so beautiful. It is not the Acts of the Apostles. It's the acts of the Holy Ghost in the apostles and the day in which we live today, brothers and sisters, it's not our acts. When something goes good in our life, it's not us. It's the acts of the Holy Ghost living out through us because we know the prophet in our day said they will write another book of acts behind the lives of th those believers. But this what we commonly call Peter's sermon is 1 Thessalonians 5:7. It's Joel 2:28-30. It's Matthew 26:24. It's Luke 22:22. It's Psalms 16:8. It's Filimon 2:9. It's John 14:26 and 10:25. This is not the Peter uh uh sermon, Peter sermon. This is the acts of the Holy Ghost in Peter speaking what was already spoken. Amen. And you know what did they do right at the beginning? It says it in the book of Acts chapter 2. After the day of Pentecost was fully come, what happened? They gave utterance according to the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost gave utterance through every single one of them. Amen. Even though we call this Peter's sermon, this is the Holy Ghost giving utterance. And you know, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we know how it works. Brothers and sisters, if you've come to church and you want a blessing, it don't matter who is standing behind this pulpit. It doesn't matter if you're in tune with God. If you came prepared, you will receive a blessing according to your faith. The Holy Ghost will give utterance. And when that Holy Ghost does, brothers and sisters, it's only going to say what's already been said. when there's some kind of a new doctrine coming around the corner. When there's some kind of a a new mystery that maybe people don't talk about very much in the message. When there's some sort of a a seal or something else that's going on in the word that maybe in the message that people don't talk about. You know, the mysteries are history. We know that. It's very clear. But I I'm just excited. It gets me really excited when somebody wants to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And I trust that everyone in this building either has the baptism or wants the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The true baptism of the Holy Ghost will cause us to line up with the word of God. Hallelujah. Did you enjoy the the service last week, our inalienable rights? Remember, brothers and sisters, Brother Bam, he says that it's our inalienable right to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's our inalienable right to go on to the true baptism to be able to say amen to the word to be the sons and daughters of God. It is our inalienable right. And you know what is the definition of that? Just for the sake of discussion this morning I wanted to bring it forward one more time. It says that unable to be taken away from or given away by the possessor. Amen. So, if we're sons and daughters of God, truly elected before the foundation of the world, it is our inalienable right to go on to the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. When we get, excuse me, that true baptism of the Holy Ghost, we will never be able to have it taken away from us because we're sealed until the day of our redemption. We'll never be able to have it taken away from us. We're not saved today and then we're lost tomorrow. We don't come to church and have a Holy Ghost Hallelujah. hoe down and then go out into the world and trip and fall in our face and we're lost as lost can be. No, we fall down. We fail, but we get back up. That's the difference, brothers and sisters, between those who are simply justified that never truly go on to the baptism of the Holy Ghost and those people who are truly filled with the spirit of God. They're both going to fall. They're both going to stumble. They're both going to have questions and answers and concerns. But what's going to be the difference between them? One of them will get back up and go forwards and one of them will say, "Well, I just can't do it. I just can't live it. I just can't do it." And you're 100% correct about that because you never will. The only way you'll be able to live it is to stop trying to live it and die to yourself and allow Christ the Holy Ghost to come into your life and let him live it through you. Amen. But that's our inalienable right. Now, I'd like to get into our sermon today. And it's out of uh oh my, I just get excited about this. There's nothing else to talk about in my mind, brothers and sisters. We can talk about a lot of different things in this world. We can talk a lot about different things in the message of the hour, but you know, it it's going home time. Everyone around the world can see it that this is going home time. Everything is in order. Israel is in her homeland. The the world is gathering around Israel now. We can see all of the handwriting that's on the wall. How was there ever any interpretation about that handwriting on the wall business that we we hear about so often? Oh, the handwriting is on the wall. What was that? We know that was Nebuchadnezzar's son. Nebuchadnezzar's son actually decided to blaspheme the Holy Ghost to mock the Holy Ghost while he was partying down. It wasn't enough to drink all the alcohol out of the the styrofoam cups or the whatever cups they were using. What what he said, "We need to go and get those golden goblets. Those are are from the temple from those people who are held captive. Let's get those goblets and drink out of them. Let's go party out of them." Right? And we know that God said, "You know, I've had enough of you." Amen. It's over. It's over for you. The enemy is already at your door. And I'm going to write that on the wall with my finger. And we know that he did that in their party while they were partying. And this guy got so sobered up so quick. It says in the word of God that his knees knocked together. I always thought that was a cartoon thing, but the the fear of God is immense. Amen. You can only imagine how afraid that guy was when he realized, but we know that it took his wife for him to say, you know, your dad, he had this guy, he's a prophet. He actually was able to discern the thoughts and the intents of the heart to be able to interpret dreams. This guy had the spirit of God. And I think he's still in your kingdom. Maybe if you call him, he'd be able to tell you. Nobody could interpret what was written on the wall. And we know that he came and told them, "You know what? It's over for you." Can you imagine what that would have been like? But the handwriting, brothers and sisters, is on the wall for this world. It's judgment time. It's going home time. This is no time to be playing. We can talk about all the mysterious things, but I want to say this real clear. I think that's just a distraction by the devil who loves to go to church. We know that it's going to be so close it would deceive the very elected if it were possible. If people are only wanting to talk about deep things, how deep is the Holy Ghost? Amen. Hallelujah. Tell me how deep the Holy Ghost isn't. Christ himself, the author of this book, the one who sent the prophet to us. His spirit. My I think that is so beautiful because that's in our inalienable right is to have his spirit in our lives if we want it. But not everybody wants it. A lot of people just like the feeling of it. They just like the feeling of the Holy Ghost in their life. But when we truly get the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we say, "Be it unto me, Lord, according to thy word, which is thy will." Just whatever you need to do. If it takes my hide off me, just do it. It's okay. I'm okay with that. When we truly want to meet Christ, and you know what I want to talk about today is the mind of the spirit out of Romans 8 verse 27. And he that searchth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the spirit. Amen. Because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God. Amen. I love this scripture because it says he that searchth the hearts. We know that he's right here right now in this room. Brothers and sisters, he's not just sitting in a chair here in the corner. For some people he is. Amen. But for the believers, he's going heart to heart. Heart to heart. Heart to heart. And he's saying, "Do you believe? Do you believe? Do you believe? Do you believe?" And for the people that do believe, they're saying, "Amen. I believe, Lord, be it unto me according to thy word." But you know what's interesting is we can say it with our lips and have our hearts very far from him. He that searchth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the spirit. And we know that the word of God says, "Let this mind also be in you." If we still have our mind, he's searching it and he's telling us, "You need to die out. You need to stop doing it your way and you need to do it the way that I have given through the word of God in the day in which we live." Let's turn over to Philippians chapter 2. Philippians chapter 2. Philippians chapter 2. I think it's so beautiful. Amen. The mind of the spirit, brothers and sisters, the mind of Christ. Amen. Philippians chapter 2 verse one. If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the spirit, if any bowels and mercies fulfill ye my joy, that ye be like minded. Amen. The mind of the spirit that you be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind. Amen. Amen. We know that James also talks about it how uh a man with a double mind, right? What is he? He's unstable in all of his ways. And you know, I I can't help but think about a double-minded man when when we see that. Sometimes it's not just unstable in in maybe making business deals, and maybe it's not unstable in getting degrees, and maybe it's not unstable in in different things. Maybe it's just simply unstable in being able to walk in the will of the Lord. Being able to get up and and go to church, being able to actually continually fellowship with the saints instead of getting upset and saying something happened and I just can't go to church anymore. That's not the spirit of Christ. It ain't. That's right. But if ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one of cord, of one mind, let nothing be done through strife or vain glory. Oh my, I I'll only do it if there's an accolade. Is my name going to be printed in there somewhere? Is it going to be someone's church? Is it going to be our work together? Do I get my picture up there? Some people just love their picture. But let nothing be done through strife or vain glory. but in loneliness of mind. Not thinking that I'm better. I'm sure glad I'm not like them. My goodness, right? I wasn't born into that family. I'm sure glad I'm not like them. Brothers and sisters, that ain't the mind of Christ. If anything, we ought to be saying, "How can I help that family? How what can I do to make the situation better?" Being in one mind, in one accord, let nothing be done through strife or vain glory, but in loness of mind, let each esteem other better than themselves. Amen. Now, how many of us do that? Esteee one another better than ourselves. I'm going to say it clearly, brothers and sisters. In the world in which we live in, not many people do that. Not many people are willing to say, "I'm going to give you my very best." And I'll be I'll be real honest with you. I went and stayed. My wife and I did one time. We went to stay at someone's house and when we did, it was just an overnight time that we were staying there. But they were so adamant we had to take the master bedroom and we had to take everything like just have the best of the best of the best in the house. And we're like, "No, we're just guests. We just want a couch. We don't want to overtake your house. That's your private area." No, you have to have the best. According to the scripture, we said, "Okay, okay." But you know, sometimes it's rude to actually turn down a gift. It really is when somebody wants to give you their very best. When they want to give you a gift and you say, "No, no, no. I couldn't possibly. No, no, no, no, no. Why not?" Especially when they want to give you money. I'm just joking about that. But why would we want to rob someone of a blessing? Especially if they want to take the bill for lunch. Amen. Let nothing be done through strife or vain glory, but in lon loneliness of mind, let each esteem other better than themselves. And and the footnote word here says pride in my Bible. The original sin right in heaven. Lucifer thought that he actually deserved something better. But we know that he got what he is looking for. goes on to say, 'Look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others.' And remember, we talked about this a while ago, the difference between Cain and Abel. Abel had the spirit of his father. Cain had the spirit of his father. We know there was two separate fathers. We know that Cain is not in the lineage of Adam. We just need to take a look at the word of God and we can read that. It says very clearly that Cain is not a part of the lineage of Adam. But the world would like to try and make it as though it's so because when you do that you can eliminate the word discussion about super fucandation. The whole idea that a mother can actually have two separate fathers at the same time, causing two separate babies to be born as twins, which actually is the apple that was eaten in the Garden of Eden. But look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. Now, why am I talking that way? Because Cain had a nature in him. He said when God came to him, he knew full well what happened, but he wanted to put it on him just to hear what he'd say. You know, give him a chance to even repent. He even gave him a space to repent. Amen. I personally believe that Cain could have repented for that murder even right there. Now, that could be challengeable, and I'm sorry. I I don't want to cause controversy, but that's the God we serve, right? Whether we tell a little bit of a lie or whether we actually do something really insidious in our lives, which one's worse? Which one's worse? A shady business deal or or just a a little bit of discussion about someone and and how they are behind their back? Which one's worse? Murder? We know that they're the same. Evil is evil. Sin is sin. The only difference is in this world that we live in, you have to pay different levels of recompense according to what Caesar requires before God. If you have sin in your life, you have sin in your life. But he came to Cain and he said, "Hey, where's your brother?" And what did Cain say? Am I my brother's keeper? Why would I know? Why would I care? It's not my problem. And isn't it interesting that this word says here, "Look not every man on his own things." Don't be like Cain. Don't be like Cain and say, "I've got my backyard perfectly clean." We know that's what the world teaches. But look on your other brothers, your other sisters, every man also on the things of others, and tend to the needs of your brothers and sisters. Amen. And the next verse, verse five, let this mind be in you which also was in Christ Jesus. And now this is where I think it's beautiful because it kind of slingshots us into the the culmination of the message of the hour right here. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God. Amen. Who are you if you have his mind? Amen. We're not God. We're not Jesus. Say that again. We're we're not God and we're not Jesus, but we're Messiah because if you have a spoonful of the ocean, you have every single element of that ocean in that spoon. We have God with measure. Jesus was God without measure. Amen. Amen. But let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God. And some people want to take and make Jesus another person. They want to take and make Jesus just a brother. They want to take Jesus and just push him off to the side. And if that happens, brothers and sisters, if Jesus is not God, if Jesus was not equal with God, if Jesus never had the mind of God, if Jesus wasn't the person of God, if Jesus wasn't the one that God chose to come down and manifest a and and condescend to to be able to give man something to comprehend what God really is, who God really is, to give himself an identity to this world. If that wasn't the case, then we are all lost as lost can be. Because William, Mary, and Brandham did not come and die for man. My but some spirits around this message of the hour, they want to try and push Jesus off to Can you believe that? The audacity of those evil spirits that would try and take Jesus and make him anything less than he is. Amen. My But that's people that are allowing spirits to manipulate them in ways that those spirits would take them away from the true power of God. Because the word of God says, "Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus." Let this mind be in you. How many people here want this mind to be in you? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I can't help but think that it's just critical for us to have his mind in us. Amen. Because you know, when our flesh says that you fell and you're a disaster and and you don't even like to look at yourself in the mirror, speaking from experience. This is my talk. The talk that comes to me, the spirit of Christ rises up in me and says, "Yeah, but that's not how he looks at you." Amen. And remember, he doesn't look at us the way that we look at ourselves. He only looks at us the way that he created us before the foundation of the world. He's currently looking at our theophony bodies saying, "Wow, it's getting so close. One of these days, those spirits down there are going to actually intertwine with these theophony bodies." Just any day now, brothers and sisters. Amen. You know, out of the Amplified Bible in Romans 8:26 26, it says, "So too, the Holy Spirit comes to our aid and bears us up in our weakness." Amen. For we do not know what prayer to offer, nor how to offer it worthily as we ought. Amen. Who here could honestly pray on their own accurately according to the word of God? The word of God says that we can't even do it. Amen. Brothers and sisters, that's why we have got to have his holy spirit. If we want to communicate with him, if we want him to communicate with us, we've got to have his spirit. It's not optional. Brother Brandham says if we don't get the Holy Ghost in our life, we're lost as lost can be. Amen. Amen. So, if we ever have any apprehension about the Holy Ghost preaching, I think there's something wrong. I've said it before. I'm going to say it again. I think it's real wrong. I think it's really wrong. There's got to be a Holy Ghost baptism in our lives, brothers and sisters. There's no greater honor in our lives than to let his mind be in us. But isn't it beautiful? He doesn't say, "Step aside because I'm going to punch my mind into you." He says, "Let this mind be in you." Which means there's a free will. There is a gate that has to be opened to say, "Be it unto me according to your word. Let your mind be in me." And I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, when we do that, that becomes the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. That does become the true conversion that we're looking for. That does become the new birth. Amen. Now, remember in the exposition of the seven church ages, the new birth is the same thing. Amen. Let's not try and make it different. We're not converted until we have the spirit of Christ in us, brothers and sisters. We're good church members. We're great message people. But until we truly have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and become a new creature in Christ Jesus, we're just playing church. But we know some people say, "You got to fake it till you make it." Maybe some people would even say that in and around the message. Remember, the only people that are going to be faking it are the unbelievers and the makebelievers. Amen. Because the children, who's their Holy Ghost until their age of accountability? The parents are the parents are their Holy Ghost. So the parents have the Holy Ghost as believers. The children have the Holy Ghost as believers. It's just the makeel believers and the unbelievers. We need to try and encourage them to get in the boat. So too, the Holy Spirit comes to our aid and bears us up in our weakness because we have weakness. Amen. As long as we're in this flesh, we got weakness. Some people have weakness in different ways and other people have weakness in other ways. We've all got weakness. And the one that says they don't have the weakness. You can see it right there. It's pride. It's pride because they're great. Everything is fine in their life. I don't have any issues in my life. I'm saved. I'm filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. The honest ones are going to say, "Yeah, I I have weakness. And that's why we have this scripture. We wouldn't have this scripture if we didn't have weakness. For we do not know what prayer to offer, nor how to offer it worthily as we ought. But the spirit himself, I love how this is written here. Some people say the the Amplified Bible, Brother Barry, how could you? Blah blah blah. You know, this is only just to illustrate. But what I want to point out here, that's absolutely correct. And I'm sure that the believers will agree with me here. What is correct is that the spirit himself Amen. It doesn't say the spirit itself. It's not pushing it off into another entity. This is the person himself, Jesus Christ. The spirit himself goes to meet our supplication and pleads in our behalf with unspeakable yearnings and groanings too deep for utterance. Now, what do those sound like, brothers and sisters? We know that some people would say, "Well, it's glossy, Brother Barry. when we get down on our knees and we start to pray. We'll just start to bust a move and suddenly we'll be speaking in tongues. No, that's not it. But yet, it could be. I'm not going to say it is or it isn't. When that happens in the church or with a group of people, it's incorrect. But don't think for a second you can't be in prayer and start to sing in the spirit. Don't think that you can't actually begin to speak in another tongue because you can. I'm not trying to teach anything outside of the message of the hour. If someone's going to bring a message in tongues within the church, there's going to be an interpreter. It's not going to be in the middle of the preaching because that's out of order. It's only going to be after the service or potentially before the service, but there will be an interpretation. It won't be an unknown tongue that brings confusion. But isn't this beautiful to think about? And we can go back to the the King James version. Maybe we should just so people don't get nervous and and worried that brother brother Barry is going to try and bring something different here. But it says in verse 26, likewise the spirit also helpeth our infirmities, our weaknesses, for we know not what we should pray, for as oft as we ought. But the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. And he that searchth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the spirit. How could we ever have him pray within us? How could we ever have him be making intercession for us without his spirit in our lives? Don't think for a second, Sister Haley, that he's not going to grant you this. I want to encourage you to remember this. The spirit is what maketh intercession for us. He knows what our weaknesses are, even better than we do. And when he comes to town, it changes everything about us. The spirit himself goes to meet our supplication and pleads in our behalf with unspeakable yearnings and groanings too deep for utterance. It's not necessarily a voice that's going to come out of us. It's the spirit that rises up inside of us. The spirit that knows the heart that searchth the mind. It's his spirit inside of us. And he who searches the hearts of men knows what is in the mind of the Holy Spirit. What his intent is. Amen. Many times we pray and we'll want to pray for the wrong things because we want to do this thing in our life. We feel led to do this thing in our life. Is this thing actually going to help us or help others around us or is it actually just something that's going to make us feel good? Is it something that we're asking about to consume in the lust of our flesh or the lust of our mind? We need to know how we're praying. And and even more than that, I I think it's so beautiful when we look at this because this is I I don't know if it gets any deeper than this, brothers and sisters, because the spirit itself maketh the spirit himself maketh intercession for us. We're not making intercessions. We're we're praying and I'm praying for brother so and so and sister so and so and their children and their children and what they're going through and and and the other prayer request and the other problem and the other issue and the other unknown and I'm going through and I'm praying like that. But what's the spirit doing in the midst of my prayer? The spirit is searching the heart. The mind of Jesus Christ is searching what's in the heart. What's in the genuine heart? Now, is it my heart or is it his heart? Amen. Because this is where we get into discussion about the heart. What's the heart? Is it a is it a is it a muscle in the body that's pumping pumping pumping? Or is the heart the actual mind? Because what's in the heart? What is it out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh? How how how much abundance is there inside of the heart to speak? There's nothing in there, right? It's blood and muscles with a little bit of electricity just happening and and pumping the blood around. It's getting our oil pressure up and keeping us going. But we're talking about the mind when we get into that. It's out of the mind. Out of the abundance of the mind, the mouth speaketh. Now, I'm not trying to add or take away from the word. I'm just doing that to illustrate, brothers and sisters, because it is truly out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh. And whatever truly is in our heart, that's what we're going to talk about. Some people want to talk about football, and that's all they want to talk about every time. You'll you'll meet them and they just want to talk about football. Other people, they'll just want to talk about work. And other people, they really like to get her done and talk about politics. They just like to talk about different things. And other people like to get together and talk about the word and talk about what the Lord is doing in their life and talk about all of the good things that the Lord has done for them and their children. Talk about all of the good things that the Lord has done in their marriages. Sometimes the good things actually are preceded by bad things, but they always turn into testimonies because we read it this morning. We know that all things work together for the good. Not to everyone. Some people will quote that scripture. A all things work together for the good. And stop. It doesn't always work together for the good. But it always works together for the good to those that love God. If we love God, it's going to work out to the good. And it might not be today. And it might not be tomorrow. Might not even be next year. We don't know. But we know that it will because it has to because he said it. Amen. All things work together for the good to them that love God. To them who are called according to his purpose. Purpose. A purpose-driven life. It ain't to have business and and to try and meet people and to try and encourage people. It's to be about the father's business. Amen. And if we seek first the kingdom of God, then all the other things he'll add to us. Amen. But sometimes we can actually just get those blended and blurred and say, "Well, God's leading me and so this is why I'm doing this." And if he is, if he's truly leading us, then we'll always be according to the word of God. We will not live our lives outside of the word of God and claim that God is leading us. If we are, then we're mistaken. But I think it's so beautiful. We have been given this word and and this word isn't just in print form. It's actually the spirit of the word. It is his mind in us. And you know, I I just think it's so beautiful when we talk about this. The level we're talking about today, brothers and sisters, is truly algebraic. This is problem solving on the next level. This is about those who he has fornown. Those people he's already predestinated. And those people he's already glorified. He's justified them. Everything in their life is already positionally placed. They don't have to worry at all. Amen. Thank you, Lord. But some people do actually worry a little bit. They just don't know. And I want to encourage us today, brothers and sisters. Don't don't be in a position where we have to wonder. We don't have to leave this building today wondering. Amen. We can leave this building with the full assurance, that blessed assurance that Jesus is mine. And as we leave here, we'll be able to say, "Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine." Born of his spirit and washed in his blood, recognizing that I am a child of the of of the king. But, you know, we're not going to get into this level, this level of preaching, this level of teaching, this level of understanding, understanding that, you know what? It's the spirit that searchth the mind and the hearts of the children. We're not going to get to there without knowing our ABCs. A and more than knowing our ABCs, when we know our ABCs, we do our ABCs. We don't just say that we we have to know the ABCs before we can get into the deep things. They become who we are. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, that's what makes a pillar in the community of the church versus a churchgoer. Someone that just turns up once in a while. And I'm sorry for saying it that way, but I think it's time. We need to say it straight. This is not time to play church. We've already talked about that. We can see the handwriting on the wall in this world. We want to see everybody get to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. When we get the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we're going to actually live those ABCs. When we live those ABCs, the spirit of Christ is going to live out through us. There's going to be no pretending. I've got a quote here I'm going to read as we close. I hope it's okay. If you want to look it up, brother, I'll tell you what message it's in. If if you just search up this if you can. Uh uh and about 8 or 10 years ago. And about 8 or 10 years ago, I think it's really important to bring it. It's out of the uncertain sound 1960. It's 12:18. It's so good. I think it's wonderful to just take take a step back and and recognize it. You know, we had a prophet that came in our day and he had such a tremendous faith healing campaign and we know that it was the acts of the Holy Ghost through the prophet. It wasn't the prophet and and his acts, but it was actually the Holy Ghost living out through him. And and we know we talked about it last week that it was the bait on the hook to get people to Christ. It wasn't to get people to faith healing campaigns to get people to just come up and get healed because we know people came to the stage. They actually stood in the presence of the angel of the Lord. They actually had their hearts discerned. They got healed and then they went away and died. And I'm saying this, I think it's important to recognize they didn't just die physically. Amen. Just like the fathers in the wilderness, they told Jesus, you know, we've got Abraham for our father. That's our father. Our fathers were with Abraham. And he said, "Yeah, they were indeed. And they're everyone dead." And the prophet in the day in which we live, he said, you know, they're not just dead laying in the grave waiting for the trumpet to sound and the resurrection to happen and all of the bodies to come and meet the spirits. That's not it. No, they died spiritually. Why did they die spiritually? because they rejected one word for the day in which we lived and the day in which they were living. They rejected one word. Out of this message though, Brother Brand, I'm telling a story here. It's just so good. Faith healing is is nice, but that follows the word every single time. If we try and put some sort of faith healing on the pedestal in front of us or something else, anything but the word of God, we're going to get it out of order and we're gonna get it wrong. Brother Vanam says about 8 or 10 years ago I was somewhere in the east here and a woman come on a platform to be prayed for. The Holy Spirit said you're Mrs. So and so and you came from a certain place and we know that this was the sign of the end. Just like when Elohim came to Abraham on the plains of memory. This is exactly what he said would happen that the son of man would come and discern the hearts of the children just like he did back there. The Holy Spirit said, "You are Mrs. so and so and you came from a certain place. You're suffering with so and so." Yes, that was all true. They said, "Now you've got a friend that lives in California." This is where it's so beautiful when you hear the Holy Ghost, the one that searchth the mind and the heart and and and just discerns the people. He said there said, "Now you've got a friend that lives in California. That's a very precious friend of yours. And this woman is dying with cancer of the kidney. She said that is certainly right brother Brandham that's Holy Spirit revealing the secrets of the heart you see should make the American people fall on their face and say God see it should do it oh but they are educated heathen let's not be educated heathen brothers and sisters even in the message of the hour we can know all about the message but without his spirit I'm saying this. I'm going there. We're going to be a message heathen. That's right. Outside of his spirit quickening this message in our hearts because the message is not print and books and tapes. The message is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever in the hearts of his children. The American people should fall on their face and say, "God, see, it should do it." But but they're educated heathen. That's the kind that's hard to deal with. See, And you know, brother Bradom, he talks about these people. They'll listen to you long enough just so that they can make a solid argument with the quotes they've got. Quotes against quotes. That's a house that's going to fall. Amen. See, he's so smart. He knows more than God does. The people that don't want to do the ABCs, they're so smart. They know more than God does. So that's the reason he hybrids his corn. He he he breeds his animals and everything. See what he's got himself. Come right back making just a simply a well an offreed of himself. That's right. By doing so. Remember, you can be a denomination of one. I believe this way. Therefore, I act the way that I do and and and God saved me. Amen. We can be a denomination of one. He goes on to say, "That's right. By doing so, and the breed of the mind of the spirit, he just simply gets off on it." Now, we noticed that this woman said, "Yes, that's right. I do have a friend that's in California dying with the cancer of the kidney." I said, "Can you imagine this, brothers and sisters?" Now, this is where it gets so cool, doesn't it? Because it wasn't a prophet saying, "I'm going to write her a letter." This is a 1960 before the seals were open. He says, "Yes, that's right. I have a friend that's in California dying with the cancer of the kidney. I said you write and tell her thus saith the Lord. You do it. She's not going to die but live. Now remember the story of Esther. She had to have the courage to go in and see the king. But the king never said, "Let me write whatever you want, honey. I'll give you half of the kingdom. Whatever it is you want, I'll just do No, he said, "You do it and take my seal and put it on there and send it out because whatever you say, I say." I just think this is amazing here. This is something we can just watch over and and read it and it'll just go by and we'll say, "Yeah, amen. It's wonderful." But can we grasp what is happening here? You write and tell her, "Thus saith the Lord, she's not going to die but live." Amen. And that was the lady outside and she said that's been about maybe 10 12 years ago. Remember she was dying with cancer the kidney and said I got well sound and well there's not a blemish on that kidney that she was healed. Amen. Said about five years after that. Now this is where I think it's incredible because just because we're delivered of one affliction don't think that the storms are over. Don't think that we're going to get out of the valley. we could walk right into another storm in a valley. Five years after that, I took a tumor and the tumor growed to such an excess until it became, I believe she said, either 17 or 27 in across it. And she was so big that she couldn't stand up with this tumor. She'd already been delivered, but here she goes, another problem coming in her life. when she tried to stand up, she couldn't balance herself. And I just can't help but think, you know, this is someone that actually had met God. She had already seen the healing power of almighty God in her life. And I can only imagine she was telling her people, "Get me to that meeting. I will not be denied. Get me to that church. I need to be there to see him again." And they brought her to this church and set her right down right there. And they brought her at nighttime after we had the healing service that morning. And the brethren there told her that we'd not be praying for the sick that night. Isn't that just right? Nope. Ain't going to happen. Just abandon all your hope. All of your efforts to get to where you are because you think you're going to see something the way it's going to be. No, it's not going to happen that way. Just amazing how it works. And the brethren here told her that we would not be praying for the sick night because we were going to. I had a prayer for the sick in the morning and they didn't want to put too much burden on me at one time. So after the service was over after service over I standing taking talking to some people and some men got a hold of this woman and packed her around the house to set her on that step as as they went out and she was sitting there. The men packed her and brother Taylor one of our precious brethren here of the church was right there where when it happened and I think helped the woman get around. are, excuse me, are you here, Brother Taylor? Where are you at? Brother Taylor says, "Amen." Yeah. Yeah. Back in here. He was standing there present and helped her get around to the back and and the tumor out like this. And you could only imagine 27 in my. And so we said when I come out the back door just gazed down and looked at her and said,"Woman, the Lord Jesus that healed you of that cancer of the kidney many years ago shall also heal you of that tumor. Thus saith the Lord, never touched or nothing. Didn't lay a hand on her." And isn't that the commission? The centurion. You know the story. Just speak the word. That's the anointing we live under, brothers and sisters. But it only happens with his mind inside of us. It only happens when he is making intercession inside of us. When he is the one saying, "Thus sayaith the Lord." When we say, "Thus sayaith the Lord," then the devils are going to laugh at us. But when he says, "Thus sayaith the Lord," the devils run screaming. Amen. I just think this is so beautiful. the same one that healed you of that tumor, thus sayeth the Lord. Never touched her anything. Just walked on out and got in the car. And we went away. Just walked past her. He said, "Will you come out and look at her?" I said, "Yes, sure. Tell her to come on in." Said, "No, we ain't got time. We just got to go." Walked out there and a little woman, she jumped out of the car just as flat as I am. She had great time. She I think this is so beautiful. out there on the road running up and down on the road speaking in tongues and screaming top of her voice in front of the Presbyterian parsonage just having a great time. You know, brothers and sisters, when God really does something for you, it don't matter who is around. It don't matter where you've been. Don't matter where you're going. You're only going to give God the glory because you know what he's done for you. It hasn't been another man. It's not another woman. It's God. Amen. Now, when some of the neighbors might have looked out, thought, well, that must be some out of the insane institution. Someone done got brainwashed, didn't they? Yeah, they got brainwashed. I can't help but think that. Come up for brother Brandham to pray for. That woman wasn't out of an insane institution. Her soul was just back from glory. See, having a wonderful time. She said, "Lookie here." Brother Brham opened up her coat just as flat as she could be. She said, "Now, for the first two or three months after you told me that said, I was so bad. The first two or three months didn't happen. It wasn't instant miracle. It's instant gratification. Just the way that we're set up in this world to be so used to seeing everything happening." No, it's God's time. The spirit making intercession. I think it's so amazing here. The doctor said he was going to try. He wasn't going to try anymore. If I wouldn't let him try, take that tumor out of there. How many people have gone down that road where they said, "You know what? I'm not going to try anymore. I'm not going to let you try anymore. It's going to be God or it's going to be nothing." Wouldn't let them try to take that tumor out of there. Said it would weigh better. How much did she say around 30 pounds, brother? Anybody here ever lost 30 pounds? I've come close. I've lost 20. It actually is amazing. But if you just put that weight in a backpack, put it on your back. Maybe try it today. Get a backpack and throw 30 lbs in it. That's how much this woman was packing around in a tumor. They estimated the tumor to weigh at about 30 lbs. And said all at once it started. Shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo, shoo. Oh, he keeps his word. That's right. I think it's just beautiful. Brothers and sisters, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he is more than able to deliver us out of our in afflictions, out of our infirmities. But it has to be his spirit. And it has to be the true baptism of his spirit. And the only way that happens is full obedience to what? The complete word of God entitles us to the token. Maybe stand with me as we close today. I just want to read one more scripture as we invite the musicians. One more scripture for us, brothers and sisters, out of Psalms 139. Psalms chapter 139 verse one. It says, "Oh Lord, thou hast searched me and known me. Thou knowest my downsitting and mine uprising. Thou understandest my thought a far off. Can you imagine that? This is interesting to to read this. This is David. This isn't just about David, though. Remember, put your name in here. Amen. Thou knowest my downsitting and my uprising. Thou understandest my thought a far off. Thou compass me, compass my path and my lying down, and are acquainted with all of my ways, all of my ways. For there is not a word in my tongue, but lo, oh Lord, thou knowest it all together. Let's jump down to 17. How precious are thy thoughts unto me, oh God. How great is the sum of them. Surely thou wilt slay the wicked, oh God. Oh, sorry. Verse 18. If I should count them, those thoughts, if I should count them, they are more in number than the sand. When I awake, I am still with thee. This is the God we serve. God bless you, brothers and sisters. Make sure that you get his mind in you. And you know what? If you've already got his mind in you, just ask him for a little bit more. Amen. I think as long as we're here, I don't think we could ever exhaust the desire for more of him. Amen. And if anybody here doesn't have that spirit inside of you today, he is more than able. Amen. And you know, I'll say this because we're having a baptism. If anybody else wanted to take water baptism today, we have it ready. It's good to go. He is more than able to give you of his spirit. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for your word. Thank you Lord Jesus that you have given us of your spirit that you came Lord Jesus. You descended. You condescended yourself. You set your crown and your robe down. You set your glory aside, Father. And you you left your throne. You left your dominion in heaven. And you came to earth born in a filthy stable with animals, with human beings. Lord, you came so that you could die. So that you could take that spirit out of that man and give it back to your children. We're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that you did that because we are willing recipients of your spirit here today. And Father, we're so thankful that we can be filled with your spirit. We're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that you sent us a prophet to call us back to your spirit. Lord, outside of a prophet in the age in which we live, we would likely be baptized in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost and truly not be able to partake of your mind being in us. But, Father, we're so thankful that you gave us ears to hear what your spirit said to this church. And Father, you have called out a bride of your own choosing that you created in you before the foundation of the world to be the willing bride to be taken out of Satan's Eden. We know that once upon a time, Satan came and took a bride out of the Garden of Eden that you made, Lord. But you have created a bride to be taken out of Satan's Eden. And Father, that is us. We can see our identity there. And we thank you for it, Lord. Now we just say, "Be it unto us according to your word." We're so thankful, Father, for your goodness and your tender mercies, Lord. Father, we just pray that you would be around each and every one of us. That you would compass our paths, Lord. That you would help us to remember that you know our comingings and our goings. You know our uprisings and our downgoings, Father. You know when we're awake and when we're asleep, and you are more than able to make every single provision for us in our lives that we require. Help us, Lord Jesus, to open that free will gate to you, Lord. Help us to push aside all of our our Christianity and our churchianity and just Lord Jesus, allow you to manifest the way that you desire in each and every one of our lives. And Father, the lives that we live will bear record of that submission to you. Father, we love you and we thank you. We just want to commit each life into your hands now as we go our separate ways for your glory. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. The winds of faith. There's two roads that you can choose. There are two roads you may take. There's one by sight. One by sight. [Music] one by faith. [Music] Take the word of God or what you see, what you believe is what will be. Set your wings to the wings of you can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. is by gra [Music] to the winds of what's your [Music] See the word by and they will move for you will fly. Send your wings to the winds of pain. You will find in a higher place [Music] to us by grace your way [Music] to the wings of [Music] Watch the he has not struggled. He has not power that makes him Heat. Heat. [Music] In a higher gra, [Music] 190 all in You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all. Singing you as a precious to. I want the Holy Ghost to rule. You are my all. [Music] Jesus [Music] worthy. [Applause] Jesus [Music] worthy is your name. Taking my sin, taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again, I confess your name. Lord, you are my only. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am trying, you feel my God. Lord, you are my all. [Music] Oh Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus, [Music] worthy. [Music] Let's sing verse two, just our voices. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. Lord, you are my all in all. [Music] When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Just our voices. Jesus, lamb of God. Hallelujah. Lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy [Applause] all together. [Music] [Applause] worthy your name. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Body your name. Amen. Amen. Spirit of God move. [Music] Spirit of God move right over in my heart. Fill my holy consume my life. Spirit of God know you an empty rest. I want to be so [Music] just the chorus. Oh spirit of God move your word in my heart and feel my being my spirit of God and I want to be that you [Music] [Applause] spirit of God. Spirit of that your word in my heart [Music] my whole being in my life [Music] an empty vessel I want to be so you can [Music] Amen. Isn't that our desire this morning? I give myself away. Oh, here I am. Here I stand. Lord my Lord Jesus [Applause] me and give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living. [Applause] All my dreams, all my Lord I give myself away. I give myself away for you and use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can I give myself I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away. So you can just our voices. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Give myself. [Music] Amen. Shall I ready? Amazing grace. [Music] Amazing. Embrace how sweet the sound like [Music] Let's sing that again. Just our voices. [Music] Sing how sweet how sweet the sound [Music] like me. [Applause] Oh, I want [Music] [Music] it to was grace altogether. [Music] was great that all my heart still and grace I gra [Music] when And there [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] in [Music] sing [Applause] [Music] praise God Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. They're ready for us downstairs. God bless you. [Music] All right. [Music] Nice. [Music] [Music] Oops. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
