################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-02 - 2025-04-02 Bro. Barry - The Seven Church Ages Study Part #62 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-02
Title:    2025-04-02 Bro. Barry - The Seven Church Ages Study Part #62
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-utY8KYYkCY
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry - The resolution of The Seven Church Ages Study
Wednesday, April 2nd, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Good evening saints. If you please stand with [Music] me. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord hath made. That the Lord hath made. And we will rejoice. And we will rejoice. And be glad in it. And be glad in it. This is the name that the Lord have made. We will rejoice and be glad his way. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord [Music] have this. Oh yes. and the sin that the Lord have made. That the Lord have made and we will rejoice. Oh, we will rejoice and be glad and glad. This is the day that the Lord has made. We will rejoice and be and this is the day. This is the day that the Lord have made. Give me oil in my lap. Keep me burning. Oh, give me oil in my lap. I pray. Give me oil in my lap. Keep me [Applause] [Music] [Applause] burning. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Hosana to me. Oh you in my ling. Oh, give you oil in my [Music] [Music] [Applause] lanana. Hosana. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hosanana. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana to the king. Amen. Brother Don, we've got to ask you to open our service in prayer. Also, we can uh keep the prayer meeting tomorrow in your prayer. Amen. [Music] Let's bow our heads and hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, we one more time come to your house, Father, Lord, not just in the flesh, Lord, and in the spirit, but Lord, our soul, Lord. Our soul truly rejoices, Father, when we Yes. come into your presence, Lord. Father, many times we don't feel it, Lord. Father, but we know you're here. For your word declares it, Father, and we believe, Lord. And sometimes it might take a minute. Sometimes maybe an hour, Lord, for us to truly get in the spirit, Lord, and give you the praise and honor and worship to truly just relax, Father, and allow you to have your way, Father. Amen. Father, may it be quicker tonight, Lord. May we just slip away, Father, in your presence, Lord, and behind that veil, Father, that we could hear your sweet voice coming through your word, Father. Amen. That is what we're here for, Lord. We're here to hear from you, Father. Lord, we don't lift up no man, Father. Lord, but we lift up your word. Amen. And because we do that, Father, everything else is added on to us, Lord. We ask, Lord, we greet you once again in our presence, Father. Lord, we acknowledge your presence, Lord. We acknowledge Lord that we are needy. Yes. Father, we are failures Lord. But also, Father, because of your word and your life and your presence, Lord, we're overcomers. Thank you, Lord, for your word of life. Thank you for this opportunity, Lord, to tell you we love you. Father, to lift up our hands and our voices and give you the praise and worship, Father, that you're worthy of and that you desire and that we, Father, desire to give to you, Lord. Once again, Lord, anoint our meeting, Father. We desire to meet with you in Jesus' name. Bless the service, Father, in every avenue. We all truly surrender all to this moment, Lord, this time in Jesus name, Lord. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Isn't it so good to be in the house of the Lord? It's a blessing. I know even today, even people didn't ask. I was telling them, I have to go to church. I was just happy to go to church. Amen. We have the ability to have direct contact with the savior. Amen. The one who created it all. We have the opportunity to come here in our week and just talk, speak, and sing about him. Amen. What a blessing. Amen. If anybody knows about the love of Jesus. Oh, I do. I do. [Music] Oh, if anybody knows about the love of Jesus. Amen. I do. Yes. I hide you. One more time. [Music] Oh, if anybody knows about the love of Jesus. Oh, I do. I do. Oh, if anybody knows about the love of [Music] Jesus, I do. Yes, I do. Verse three. [Applause] If anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. Who else? Oh, I do. Oh, if anybody knows about the grace of Jesus, I do. Yes, I do. Verse five. [Music] If anybody knows about the power of Jesus. Oh, I do. I do. Oh, if anybody knows about the [Music] [Applause] fire, I do. Yes, I first one. Oh, if anybody knows about the love of Jesus. Oh yes, I do. Do we this evening? I do. Oh, if anybody knows about I do. Yes, I do. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. We have a special this evening. If I can ask for your special this evening. [Music] There are walls made by men, built by frail and human hands that an enemy can scale and get to you. But there is one protecting me from my greatest enemy. It's a wall that Satan can't break through. Sometimes a wall of grace, sometimes a wall of faith, other times gives me mercies that I [Music] need. But the one for which I long, it makes all the others strong. I need a wall of rest around me. My brother, when I'm weak, will you stand instead for me and pray a fortress around me strong that can't be moved? And I promise you today when I bow my knees to pray, I'll do my best to build a wall of prayer for you. Sometimes a wall of grace, sometimes a one of other times It's sweet mercy that I need. But the one for which I love, it makes all the others strong. I need a wall of prayer surrounding [Music] me. Sweet heart of breath. Sweet of bread that calls me from the water of care. But the one for which I love. It makes all the others strong. I need a wall of prayer surrounding me. I need a wall of prayer surrounding me. [Music] [Applause] Amen. What a blessing. Why don't we give him another hand clap? Amen. I love the first uh lines of the song. When the music fades, all is stripped away. What's the reason we're here? Amen. Right. We're just here to worship him. Amen. Oh, when the music fades, all is stripped away. And I simply come, longing just to bring something that's worth that will bless your [Music] heart. I'll bring you more than a song. for a song in itself. It's not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. King of endless worth. No one could express how much you deserve. Though I'm weak. Though I'm weak and hold. All I have is yours. Every single breath I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have. Oh, you search my way things. looking into my heart. Please stand with me. Oh, I'm coming back. Heart of worship. And it's all about what else is about. And it's all about you. I'm sorry, Lord, for things I've made. And it's all about me. Oh, yes. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Oh yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for things I've been. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Oh yes, it's all What's the reason we're here? I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made it. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Amen. It's all about him. Amen. Amen. Can we actually sing the last song? Here I am to worship. We just want to worship this evening. Amen. We change over the service. We'll just today we'll sing just the uh the course and the bridge. I think we added or verse three. Yeah, there we go. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together and all together and all together wonderful to me. Oh here I am to worship. Here I am to here I am to say that you're high. Oh, you're all together and all together and all together wonderful to [Applause] me. even know how much it cost to see my sold that cross. I'll never know how much you see my sin of all that. I'll never I'll never know how much I sh you see [Music] my cross. How dare how much would you see my s of just our voices? I'll never know how much shame. Oh, you see my Oh, upon that cross. Oh, I'll never know. Oh, how much shame. Oh, to save my sin upon the cross. Oh, so here I am to worship and here I am tonight. Oh, here I am to say that. Oh, you're mine. Oh my God, you're all together and all. Who else is worthy of the praise [Music] wonderful? So here, here I am to worship. Here I am to Oh, here I am to [Music] [Applause] say all together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Verse two, king of all days. King of all days. Oh so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you ced all for the sake became one. [Music] So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. all together wonderful to me. Amen. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Just a few requests we wanted to continue to remember brother Johnny Huckalak. Certainly thankful for the prayer for my nephew Zach Nadarak. He's been improving gradually. Amen. And we thank the Lord for that. couple of unspoken requests and some people who are traveling as well from the congregation. And if you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known by way of an uplift hand as we go to him. Gracious heavenly father, we thank you Lord that oh Lord Jesus, we can create a wall of prayer. Amen. We thank you for the body, Lord Jesus, that you have created here in Calgary, Lord, that we can gather together in your name, Father. We know that when we gather together in your name, that there is nothing that can stop your word from coming to pass, Lord. And Father, tonight, one more time, we are so thankful that we are gathered together in your name. And Lord, we just bring all these requests to you tonight, Father. We know that you are the only place that we can go with our requests in this world, Father. We know that it's the most powerful weapon there is. And Father, tonight we just take you at your word and we bring the request to you, Father. Lord Jesus, we want to thank you for touching Zack Natarak, Lord Jesus, knowing that only a touch from you can make a change. We just continue to thank you, Father, for that need. Lord, we thank you for watching over Johnny Huckluck in the situation that he's in, Lord. And we just commit him into your hands for your glory. Father, we just remember the unspoken requests in our midst, Lord. And we commit them into your hands, Father. You know the needs and you know the solutions, Father. And we just thank you, Father, for the solutions, Lord. Oh Lord, we pray for those who are traveling tonight. That you would grant them traveling mercies, Father. and that you would keep your angels encamped about them, Father, and that you would bless their time away and at the appropriate time, Father, that you would bring them home safely. Father, tonight we just want to commit this service into your hands, all that's spoken, Lord, now from this time forward into your hands. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for each life represented here. Help us all, Lord Jesus, to just pull upon you tonight, Father, that we could be fed. We just ask all these things now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. Thank you for the special tonight. Really enjoyed that. What a tremendous thought that we can have a wall of prayer. We depend on that. If you have your Bibles tonight, I want to continue our study in the exposition of the seven church ages. And I believe tonight we will finish our study of the exposition of the seven church ages. If I counted correctly, we're 62 services in. And uh I don't think it's enough. I think that we could go back and start from the beginning and it would just be as fresh as it was. And uh there are uh there's at least one question that I'm aware of that I want to deal with as we go forward. So that's probably the first place we'll go. Um maybe even on Sunday we'll see what the Lord wants to do. But uh if you have any questions about what we've studied, please don't be bashful and uh just make it known. The book of Revelations 1 verse one, the revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass. And he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John, who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which which are written therein, for the time is at hand. John to the seven churches which are in Asia. Grace be unto you and peace from him which is and which was and which is to come. And from the seven spirits which are before his throne. And from Jesus Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth. unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood and hath made us kings and priests unto God and his father. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, we thank you for the graphic description, Lord, of this word, Lord. and not just the descriptive words, Lord Jesus, that were written, though they're precious, but Father, the revelation that you have given to your church in this age. Father, we pray that we could just bring those two together tonight and allow you by your spirit to quicken it to our souls. We just commit the words that were read, that were spoken into your care, Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. Certainly thankful to be in the house of the Lord once again and uh thankful that we can gather together in his name. We see the days growing dark all around us and uh it's amazing to see this world and I just was watching an eagle in the sky today as it flew and I I watched it circle and you know it wasn't flapping its wings just like that song. It was just gliding. And I just thought, you know, how how many more days do we have here on this side of eternity? How how many more church services will we have? How many times will we have in prayer? I I don't know. We don't know. But this world is certainly in a position where it looks like it's fit for destruction. Boy, this study of the the exposition of the seven church ages has been a wonderful one. And uh I think that every time we read it, we can learn something from it. And I know there's been so many nuggets that have come out of it for me. I would just like to go back a little bit from where we left off last week and uh not too far, just one page and just pick up from paragraph 53 in the red book here on the resume of the ages. It's just after Revelations 13 11-18. And brother Brandham, he talks about sort of a uh history of the church, if you will, and more so the Antichrist spirit, how it how it works in and around the church. And he says, "Now remember it was Imperial Pagan Rome that fell by the sword, but she was healed of her death stroke when she joined to the nominal Christian church of Rome and incorporated paganism and Christianity and thereby became the Holy Roman Empire which was to endure until Jesus came and destroyed her. But Rome is not going it alone. Her daughters are right with her and she will take absolute authority by the World Council of Churches. It's a pretty astounding thing. It's a pretty sobering thought to think about, but you can see that it's actually already taken place. It's already happened. We don't even have to say we're looking for a day where this could take place where potentially it's going to happen in the future. This has already happened. This part is history. And uh you know, you can see a more detailed study if you look at the the the Revelation series that Brother Brandham preaches. And even on the seals, both of them, I believe, go into the the imperial pagan Rome and uh the wound that happened to the pope to the antichrist and uh how it became the Holy Roman Empire. It went from imperial pagan Rome to the church of Rome the way it is today. Um as we've mentioned before, there's a a video out there of the ecclesiastical church in the United States. years ago. I think it's about 12 years now, maybe plus or minus. But there was a a bishop uh Tony Palmer, Anthony Palmer, who was a friend of the pope current um and he did a video, they did a video, he was addressing all of the uh the churches and uh it was on behalf of the pope and basically his his his point was I I think there's a few really interesting points in there. He said he comes in the spirit of Elijah which was really interesting. He said that he comes in the spirit of restoration I believe as well. He says that uh you know the protest that Luther made against the Catholic Church that the just will live by faith. Uh he said that protest is over and that the Catholic word means universal. So if we're Christians then we're more alike than we are different. It it goes right into the discussion that we were talking about about uh Balum and Bailac. You know, we're more alike than we are different. Why don't we just worship together? And we know that was a a real big problem for Israel because God said that's that's it. I won't actually go any further with you. I'm I'm not going to respect that. That part won't be forgiven. And that's exactly what's happened with the churches now. So, we can look at this and say, you know, it's it's coming sometime. But I think through the lens of a prophet, we can say this has already happened. And I think it's pretty amazing to recognize that there's some other stuff that we talked about last week that have already happened. And I'm not going to go too far into that. But I I just wanted to pick up with this because you know how how late is it? The brother Bam when he was here right up till 1965, he said it so many times, it's later than you think. Many times we can have a preconceived notion of the way we think things should look and not recognize that things have already happened according to the way the word says it. And it's different than the way we think. He goes on to say, "This may seem far-fetched to some, but actually it's very plain for all to see because right now the churches are controlling politics." And you know, usually you will see a press release from the pope when something really big takes place in the world. You don't have to look very far and the pope will usually say something. Interestingly, when COVID happened, I don't know how many press releases happened from the Vatican. I don't think very many. I know I never saw very many and I was eagerly watching to see if there would be and there wasn't very many. So anyways, it's uh it's true what he says here. This may seem far-fetched to some, but actually it's very plain for all to see because right now the churches are controlling politics and at the opportune time will manifest exactly how great is that control. This ecumenical move will end up with Rome at the head even though the people did not envision it that way. This is so because in Revelation 17 3-6 it states that the mystery Babylon is seated on the beast. She is controlling the last or fourth empire. That's an interesting thought. The last or fourth empire. We'll get into that. Not tonight though. This Roman church is doing that with the world church system under her. Rome will be controlling and this image church system will be obedient to Rome because Rome controls the gold of the world. I find it kind of interesting. I'm sure many other people do in different ways, especially if you're an investor. And looking at the world the way it is right now with uh the fourth empire imposing tariffs on everyone everywhere. What's going to happen with that? I don't think it's going to have a good outcome. But you know what's supposed to happen is exactly what we just read. Rome is going to take over control. The economy in this world is going to fail. That's exactly what's going to happen. And we know the prophet said that's thus sayeth the Lord. That's not the prophet. But here we see just a quick little blurb of how this is all going to happen. But we're seeing some strange things going on in this world today. And uh you know it's not really that far-fetched like he said. You can kind of see it taking shape out there. He goes on to say thus all the people have to belong to the world church system or be at the mercy of the elements for they cannot buy or sell without the mark of the beast in the hand or the head. Now, that sounds like a crazy far-fetched thing and and maybe it does. It's going to be out there. If anybody has ever seen the Left Behind series when I was a kid, there was an original one that was done and I went and watched it at a Baptist church. My family, my my my stepmother's family were Baptists. So, it was a real interesting conflict between the Baptists and the Pentecostals. I'm sure the Baptists said the Pentecostals didn't have it. And I know the Pentecostals said that the Baptists, they were way out there. They never had it. And uh but all claiming Christianity all the while, but one time we went to their church and we watched this video and it just it petrified me. It scared me to death as a child, not knowing that just getting the Holy Ghost in my life would prevent all of that nonsense from ever taking place. But I couldn't believe the the intensity of it. And uh you know that's the way many people form their opinion about the way the rapture is going to take place. And sure enough there will be a rapture of the church. There will be a molecular body change. But it's not going to be the way this world thinks that it's going to happen. It's going to happen exactly the way God's vindicated prophet said that it will happen. And it won't happen any other way. And it's such a beautiful thing to actually know that to see it. But you know, we're not talking tonight about seeing the mark of the beast in people. It's actually understanding that if people fall under the category of their church and not under the category of Christ, not the seal of God, then they're taking the mark of the beast. That's actually what's taking place. And and and maybe some people will say, "You're you're crazy, Brother Barry." But you know, that's what the prophet said. To reject the Holy Ghost is to have the mark of the beast because we already have Cain inside of us in this DNA. That's why this body will never ever inherit eternal life. This flesh has to perish. This pest house has to go back to the dust. But the soul is the only thing that is eternal. And he's working out the character in each and every one of us to fit that to be able to rule and reign. What a beautiful thing. But brother Brandham, he says this here. Thus, all the people have to belong to the world church system or be at the mercy of the elements for they cannot buy or sell without the mark of the beast in the hand or the head. This mark in the head talking about today this mark in the head means that they will have to take the doctrine of the world church system which is trinitarianism etc. and the mark in the hand which means to do the will of the world church. Shocking. But I know we're preaching to the choir tonight. I think it's amazing when we can see this. We're talking tonight about recognizing rejecting the Holy Ghost brings us to this place right here. And we don't have to sign up to it. We don't have to go anywhere for it because it will be so close that it will deceive the very elected. And unfortunately, every single church has three kinds of believers in it. And you know which one are we? I I I pray that every single one of us are the ones sealed with the Holy Ghost in our lives because any of the other two will have to go through the tribulation and they'll have to give their lives and actually give an account and stand before the white throne of judgment. But we have the opportunity to actually go and sit with him in his throne. What a tremendous thing that is. What a blessing it is. He says with this great power the church systems will persecute the true bride. This image will try to keep the bride from preaching and teaching etc. Her ministers will be forbidden to give comfort and truth to the people who need it. But before the antichrist in person takes over this complete world system of churches, the true church will be taken away from this world to be with the Lord. Isn't that beautiful? God will catch away his bride for the great marriage supper of the lamb. I just love how he he he brings it out. He he mentions it in in the message. I'm not sure which one, but he says it many times. People will argue one way. They'll say that, you know, we're we're the the bride of Jesus Christ is is pre-tribulation. The bride doesn't go through the tribulation. Some will say post and some will say mid. Some people will actually go through the tribulation, the bride of Jesus Christ, and and go partially through it or all the way through it. But brother Brandham, he says, "Why would a man marry a wife, have a marriage with a wife that he has to try and judge, that he has to try and redeem? He's already done it." What a tremendous thing it is. We don't marry someone that we're going to judge later. We have something wrong up here. If that's what we're going to do as a husband, we need to do that before we get married. Amen. But when we do that, she's our wife and that's that. Nothing can change it. It's such a beautiful thing. Why would we want to take our wife and put her through a tribulation? Some people want to do that in their marriages. But why would a a true Christian man want to put his wife through a tribulation? He's not going to do that. He's going to treat her like his bride. And that's exactly what the Lord said he would do. What a tremendous thought that is. Now, as this concluding chapter was given in order to trace the two true two churches and the two spirits from Pentecost, the upper room experience, not Isuza Street, from Pentecost to their consummation. We will take this final time to show this in the Leodysian age. This age started just after the turn of the 20th century as it was to be the age in which the true church would return to being the bride as she was at Pentecost. We know that there must be of necessity be a return of dynamic power. The believers sensed this in their spirits and began crying to God for a new outpouring such as was in the first century. What seemed to be the answer came as many began to speak in tongues and manifest gifts of the spirit. It was then believed that this was indeed the long awaited restoration. It was not for the latter rain can only come after the former rain which is the spring or teaching rain. The latter rain then is the harvest rain. How could this be the real thing when the teaching rain had not come? The prophet messenger who was to be sent to teach the people and turn the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal fathers had not yet come. And we know that that's scripture. That's not just something that someone's saying. He's not referring to it. But that's Malachi 45 and six. We know that that's exactly what that is. For anybody that might look at this later, go and look at it. Malachi. He goes on to say, "Thus what was thought to be the restoration and the final quickening unto the rapture had not come." Imagine all the people that were actually anticipating this was it. This was the rapture. This all and on and on and on putting their own interpretation to the word of God and and trying to say that that was it. How disappointing it must have been. And and how much would it turn off maybe the the youth, the younger people coming up and the friends and family surrounding them watching them get all excited about the Lord and then for them to say this is the coming of the Lord. This is the full restoration when it wasn't quite yet time for that to take place. And as people see that it wasn't, then they would base all of their future judgment on the miscalculation of those individuals and say, "It's not for me. Why would I do that? How terrible. But there's no way you can stop it. In it was a mixture of the unrighteous partaking of the spiritual blessing and manifesting in the Holy Ghost. My as we have kept pointing out to you in it also was devil power as men were under the control of devils. Yet no one seemed to realize it. Isn't that amazing to think? No one seemed to realize it. They they were under the influence of of devil powers. They were under the influence of devil's spirit, but they were actually seeing a blessing from the Holy Ghost. What a tremendous thought that is. How could that possibly be? It doesn't even sound like it's possible, but it's very possible. If you listen to anointed ones at the end time, brother Brana makes it very clear. You know, the the simple explanation of it is power, true power, spiritual power without character, the character of Christ in your life. You can have it. You can actually have the anointing of the Holy Ghost every day of your life, every hour of your life, he says, and still go to hell. Why is that? Because you don't have his character. that character that comes from the fiery trials of life. Without that character, we can have all the power we want. We can have all the manifestation we want. We can have all the good church services, all the good worship services, all the good prayer meetings, everything good in our lives. My and still miss it. But if we get the Holy Ghost in our life, we'll never miss it. Because he, the spirit of truth, will never ever lead us into the wrong thing. He will always take us the right way. Goes on to say, "Then to prove that it was not the real," I love how it's capitalized there. These people even before a second generation had appeared. Not very far down the line, these people get dissuaded with it. They get disillusioned with it, right? Not not even after the second generation appeared, they organized. These people organized and wrote their unscriptural doctrines and built their own fences as every other group ahead of them did. Our group is better than their group. Our group doesn't do that. Our group does this da da da da da da da. You know, you don't even have to look back and see it there. It's here. He goes on to say, remember, while Jesus was upon the earth, so was Judas. Each came from a different spirit and upon death each went to his own place. The spirit of Christ later came back upon the true church and the spirit of Judas came back upon the false church. It's right there in Revelation 6. Once again, the reference point, it's so beautiful. Revelations 6 verse 1 to8. And I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts, saying, Come and see. And I saw, and beheld a white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, "Come and see." And there went out another horse that was red, and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, that they should kill one another. And there was given unto him a great sword. And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, "Come and see." And I beheld, and lo, a black horse, and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny. And see thou hurt not the oil and the wine. And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the fourth beast say, Come and see. And I looked, and behold, a pale horse, and his name that sat upon him was death, and hell followed with him. And power was given unto him over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with a sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth. See how that Judas spirit came back as a rider on a white horse. It was white. So close to the real just as Judas was so close to Jesus. A crown was given to him. White horse rider. How that spirit was now in the leader of the nickelan system and he was a triple crowned pope who sat as god in his temple calling himself the vicer of Christ. If vicor of Christ means instead of Christ or in place of or on behalf of God, then the pope was calling himself the Holy Ghost or deposing the Holy Ghost acting for him. That was the Judas spirit in him doing that. See how he conquered going forth conquering and to conquer. Christ did not do that. Christ wasn't conquering. Christ did not do that. The only ones that came to him were already predestinated by the father. And so on and on went that spirit. And one day it will become truly incarnate in a man who will head up the world council of churches just as we have been saying. And and I know some people are probably going, "Amen, brother. There's going to be an American pope." And when we see that American pope, we're going to know that's the flashing red light of his coming. We'll see that signpost. You know what? That red that that that red sign, that that that flashing red light that that likely will happen. The prophet said there'll be an American pope. That could be just after or well after the rapture of the church of the living God. Don't look for a signpost. We've got the signpost. We've got all that we need to ready ourselves for that rapture to take place. Sure enough, maybe there will be an American pope. But who cares? We've got the word. He says, "And by his gold, remember Judas held the bag, he will control the whole world. And that antichrist system will own everything and try to control everybody. But Jesus will come back and destroy them all with the brightness of his coming. And their end will be the lake of fire. I just think it's so interesting as I was studying this, you know, I'll just read the next paragraph before we get into the scripture. He he says, "But what about the true seed? It will happen just as we have said. The people of God are being made ready by the word of truth from the messenger to this age." Isn't that wonderful? While I was studying this in between these two paragraphs, it just it just I I don't know, maybe the Lord was speaking to me and it just sort of hit me the question, but where's all the signs? Where's all the signs of this taking place? The people of God are being made ready by the word of truth from the messenger to this age. So, where's the prayer lines? Where's the mighty signs and wonders? Where's the restoration of the limbs? Where's the sight coming to the blind? The dead being raised? All of these tremendous things. Don't don't don't get nervous. I can see people are like, "Brother Barry, where you going with this?" I'm not trying to say these signs aren't happening. What I am saying is they are happening, right? It's not a public show. Amen. This is not for the public. This is for the elected bride of Jesus Christ to see the power and manifestation of this spirit. It is not for the public show so we can get the the newscasters out here and and the anchor people and get the cameras and show all this stuff like people are trying to do now. It's happening now. But you know this prophet, isn't it beautiful? I was studying. I don't think I even said it on Sunday, but I I know it was before service. He said, you know, I believe, it was in that message that we were studying from on Sunday. He said, you know, I believe this so strongly that if God told me that George Washington was going to be walking around tomorrow that I would call all of the world newscasters and say, "Come and meet me at the cemetery." And you know what? If it doesn't happen, if he doesn't raise from the dead, then you can put that sign on me and call me a false prophet and and parade me around. But it's not for a public show. It just I don't know why it just hit me. Where's all the signs? We are the signs, brothers and sisters, for us to live in this age and still be able to fellowship around this word and still have a hunger and a thirst for righteousness and still desire more and more and want to get together and fellowship and want to get together and praise the Lord. What is that? That is the greatest sign that could ever happen to this age. That's the spirit of Christ. But the people of God are being made ready by the word of truth from the messenger to this age. In her will be the fullness of Pentecost. For the spirit will bring the people right back to where they were at the beginning. Now I I think this is beautiful. I feel like I could just preach a whole sermon on that one sentence right there. Because it's not William Mryiam Brham that brings the people back. It's the spirit that brings the people back. William Mariam Brham simply gets them to the spirit. So there is a consummation of the marriage. It's not just getting around the spirit and fellowshipping with the spirit. It's becoming one with the spirit. And outside of that, we're just going to be deceived. In her will be the fullness of Pentecost. Not the Pentecostal Assemblies of Canada or of the world, but the experience. Pentecost is an experience. It is not a denomination as much as many people would like it to be that way. That whole initial evidence of the Holy Ghost being able to speak in tongues, the prophet of God, the prophetic utterance to this age said that is not actually a sign of of of blessing. That's a sign of destruction, of impending doom. The handwriting is on the wall. That's what that speaking in tongues meant. Just like the feast of Beltazar, the handwriting was on the wall. And when that happened, suddenly the king that was drunk, he got pretty sober. so sober his knees started knocking together. Why was that? Because judgment struck him in his house and he was able to know. He knew it before he even had the interpretation. Isn't that beautiful? And that's the way the world is today. There's a lot of fear in this world. And the reason there's fear is because people don't have this Holy Ghost in their life. Ever learning, never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. But carrying on here, Joel chapter 2:es 23- 26. Sorry, I jumped ahead. I'll just pick up that last sentence there. He said, "In her will be the fullness of Pentecost, for the spirit will bring the people right back to where they were at the beginning." That is thus saith the Lord. Isn't that beautiful? It is thus saith the Lord. For that is what Joel 2:23-26 said. Be ye glad then, you children of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord your God. For he hath given you the former rain moderately, and will he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain and the latter rain in the first month. And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the fats shall overflow with wine and oil. And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the canker worm, and the caterpillar, and the palmer worm, my great army, which I sent among you. And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the Lord your God. How many tonight could say that we eat in plenty and and that we're satisfied? We are sufficiently impressed with the word that's in our midst. And it gives us the ability to praise the name of our God that had dealt wondrously with you. Yes, sir. And my people shall never be ashamed. What a tremendous thing it is. It's so beautiful the way he explains this in here. You know, before we go too far, I just I just wanted to say this. You know, I I just couldn't help but think about it when I was talking about, you know, where's all the signs when when brother Bradam talks about the the end of the evil and and and the Judas people call them that way and and how Jesus when he comes back, he'll destroy them all with the brightness of his coming and their end will be the lake of fire. But what about the true seed? It will happen just as we have said. The people of God are being made ready by the word of truth from the messenger to this age. Now, I I I just can't help but think that it's the spirit of God that that leads us and guides us. But it took me right back to a real special portion of this of this book. And uh I I just I preached on it a little while ago. And uh I don't know if I preached on it here. I can't even remember. It sometimes just blurs a little bit. But, you know, talking out of the Pergamian church age, I don't want to make anybody groan tonight, but I just can't get my my head away from pick up your pen and write because it's a message from God, the Holy Ghost, directly to his bride, his wife, to be the one who will actually be the one that has the mind of Christ. He said that she has the mind of Christ. We know all about that. But what I want to get into is at at at the latter part of it. He says, "Now let us stand like Joshua and Caleb. Our promised land is coming into sight even as theirs did." Now Joshua means Jehovah savior and he represents the end time leader that will come to the church even as Paul came as the original church leader. Caleb represents those that stayed true with Joshua. Remember brother Brandham, he said it very clearly that there is a prophet in the land and that prophet is not William, Mary Brandham. He's gone off the scene. So who's the prophet in the land? The prophet, the true prophet in the land is the Holy Ghost. He says that very clearly in the message. He says the Holy Ghost is the prophet in the land. He says it that the two of us won't be standing here at the same time. God won't share his glory with anyone. He came to do the introduction. So when we talk about this Joshua, remember we talked about this Joshua Jehovah savior, the Holy Ghost who is here now and Caleb being the church. I just wanted to to bring this to our remembrance. You know he says remember God had started Israel as a virgin with his word but they wanted something different. And remember so did Eve just one word off right? Just one word off. So did the last day church. Notice how God did not move Israel or let her go into the promised land until it was his own appointed time. I think that is one of the greatest tests of the character of the church of the living God in the day in which we live is to wait upon the Lord. We know his promises in his word. We know who we are and what we're raised up for. But many times you have that spirit saying, "Where's the signs? Where's the wonders? Where's the mighty miracles? And if it's not happening, then what's wrong with me in my life?" That's not the measuring stick. Isn't it beautiful? Brother Brandham, he says, "Away with experience as the plum line. Get rid of that idea and get yourself into the word." When we can take the word and we know that we'll stay with the word even if it takes our own hideoff. I have to subject myself to the word, brothers and sisters. If we're willing to take the word above all of our thinking, all of our tradition, all of our teaching, just put that word first. That is what will do it. And the devil wants to make it one way or the other. Ultra religious. We've got all the spiritual signs and wonders over here. And then we've got the other people. They don't care. Whatever. Forget about church. It's a waste of time. But you know, there's a highway and there's a way. And that way is the way of holiness. The only way that we're going to have any holiness in our life is to have Christ inside of us, not just being a part or affiliated, but it's got to be at his own appointed time. We cannot just wave our wand. We can't just go on our knees and pray and make him do anything. We can bring our prayers and our supplications to him and say, "Thank you, Lord, for doing your will. Let your will be done in this situation." and watch him come on the scene and do it his way and then just give him thanks. When we bring our needs, give them to him and then praise him for them. He will bring them to pass at his own appointed time. And he goes on to say here, now the people might have put pressure on Joshua, the leader, and remember, we're talking about the Holy Ghost here. The people might have put pressure on Joshua, the leader. I want to say it tonight. The Holy Ghost, the leader. People might want to put pressure on him and say, "The land is ours. Let's go and take it. Joshua, you're all through. You must have lost your commission." You know, maybe there's something wrong. Maybe we just don't have the Holy Ghost in our midst. Maybe maybe we're off somewhere. Something isn't really right if we're not seeing the mighty signs and wonders away with experience as our measuring tool. We need to make sure that we're in the word, that we're on the word. That is the difference. You haven't lost your commission, brothers and sisters. And I think that's really the point that I I felt impressed to say. We have not lost our commission. We have got our commission. We're able to stay with this word. So many people won't even hear the word, let alone come and and listen to it for a little while. Many people will come and listen to it for a little while, but if they're not truly elected, it'll burn them up. They can't handle it. We haven't lost our commission. But he says this, the people would say that to Joshua, you're all through. You You must have lost your commission. We're not seeing mighty signs and wonders right now. You don't have the power you used to have. Could you imagine that? We talked about this when we read this. Saying that to God, don't you care? Don't you know where I'm at in my life? Don't you know my trials, my struggles? If anybody knows our trials and our struggles, I would think it's God. No. If anybody does, we're just realizing it. We're just recognizing it. But what is it that's brought us this far? You know that song, Amazing Grace. The prophet said, "I'm going to be singing that someday out my B." Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound. My through many dangers, toils, and snares. I have already come. We know that he'll take us all the way. He hasn't lost his commission. He hasn't lost it. Nope. Amen. for people to say that you don't have the power you used to have. Don't look at people. Don't look at churches. Just look to Christ. Look to the word. You used to hear from God and know the will of God and act quickly. Something is wrong with you. What's the will of God? His word. It's his word. It's not signs and wonders. But Joshua was a God-scent prophet and he knew the promises of God. So, he waited for them. Amen. He waited for a clear-cut decision from God. And when the time came to move, God placed full leadership in Joshua's hands because he stayed with the word. God could trust Joshua, but not the others. Now, just just to underline this, so brother Barry's not going crazy. Brother Bradom says this here. I think it's the Holy Ghost, Brother Bradom. So, it will repeat in this end day. Same problem, same pressures. So don't think you've lost your commission, brothers and sisters, if you're not seeing signs and wonders. Just commit the need to God and trust him and go forwards and say that I this is where I want to preach now because this is where I went to with this whole Joshua commission. It's actually in the morning Bible study and I have to try and keep myself quiet because it's really early in the morning and family's still sleeping. But you know what is it that was Joshua that that that Joshua and Caleb, what was it with them? There came a point in time where they helped all their brethren to get position in the promised land, right? But then Caleb, he said, you know, I I've helped everyone and I need a little bit of inheritance myself now. And you know, I I know that I'm 40 years older than when we first came into this land. I was 40 years old. My goodness. But you know, I know that I'm just as strong today as I was then. And you know what was it that gave him that strength? He knew that God said when all the 10 spies defied God to his face, how did they how did they do that? They did it to his prophet. That's how they defied God to his face. They totally said to his prophet, you know, we can't do it. Even though the prophet had led them out, he said it. They said it. 10 the 10 elders, they said it to the church. I shouldn't preach, but they did. But you know, those two, Joshua and Caleb, they were able to go in to see the promised land, just to put it in a nutshell, to simplify it. And why was that? Because they were of another spirit. Caleb was not of another spirit. And he was able to go back to that place where God recognized that for him in his life. And I think we need to be able to do that too, brothers and sisters. Sometimes we can live in the age in which we live in. It's dark and it's gloomy. I I deal with this black and white weather outside. This this going into springtime now out of the winter and it really affects me in my person. I I feel down. And you know, it doesn't matter because the sun is shining somewhere. But you know, sometimes we just need to remind ourselves about what's good in our lives and and what the goodness is of God. And we know that Caleb, he did that. He wanted his inheritance. And he said, "Hey, I remember that one time in my life where God told me that I was of another spirit. And because of that, I'm able to go in and have my inheritance. And I haven't found it yet. I've helped everyone else find theirs, but where's my inheritance, Lord?" I think sometimes we need to be able to do that. And he will let us have those times. He will absolutely ensure that we have those times along the way where we can say, "I know that was God. Nobody else needs to know it but you. And when you have those times, you can go back to him and say, "My, remember that time?" I do. And you know, God says it in his word. I remembered my promise. Which means he thinks back somehow. I don't know how. I can't explain it, but he remembers. The word says he does. I remembered my promise. Brother Brandham said it when he was going to shoot the deer. He could have shot the deer. Remember the story? And he never did. And God said to him, "I remembered my promise. Do you remember yours?" My, what a thing that is. Goodness, just tremendous. Joshua and Caleb were of another spirit. That's what gave him the ability to make the difference. And you know, the people of God are being made ready by the word of truth from the messenger of the age. And it gives them the ability to have another spirit. In her will be the fullness of Pentecost, another spirit. For the spirit will bring the people right back to where they were at the beginning. That's thus sayaith the Lord. It's thus saith the Lord. For that's what Joel 2 23-26 says. We won't read it again. I'll just carry on with what he he was saying now because I can see we're getting short on time here. But we're almost done. We've got uh basically two and a half more pages. He goes on to say, now it says God is going to restore. The Lutheran age did not restore the church. It started a reformation. The Wesleyan age did not restore. The Pentecostal age did not restore. But God has to restore for he cannot deny his word. This is not the resurrection of the church. Isn't that beautiful? It's a restoration. Many times people are saying, "We're going to have a great revival, great revival. It's going to be a resurrection of what the other churches used to be." And you see all the worship services and the worship teams and all this stuff. That's not the church of the living God. No, it's a restoration of his spirit in the people in the church. And we know, we read about it. He said it so clearly that there is a church, but then there's a church that's called out of the church, and that's the truly elect. It's it's an amazing thing to think about, but it's a restoration of his spirit. God will take the church right back to Pentecost of the beginning. Now notice in verse 25, it tells why we need a restoration. The locust, the cankerworm, caterpillar, and palmer worm have eaten all but the root and a small bit of the stem. Now we are told that all these insects are all one and the same in different stages. That is right. They are the antichrist spirit that manifested in organization that manifested in organization, denomination, and false doctrine through the ages. And that poor little root and stock is going to be restored. God isn't going to plant a new church, but he's going to bring his original planting back to original seed. He's doing it as stated in verse 23, by teaching or former reign. Next will come the harvest reign or rapturing faith. Rapturing faith is the latter rain. That's beautiful, isn't it? Thus, at this very moment, we are in the complete fulfillment of Matthew 24:24. For there shall arise false Christs and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Now, that can be a very comforting scripture or a fearful one. Outside of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it's a fearful one because how will you ever know the difference? I remember growing up and as I mentioned going to the Baptist church and seeing this movie about the the whole uh the end times, the rapture being left behind and thinking about all these other times you hear people talk about there being an antichrist and a beast and all the false prophet and all of this gloomy, spooky sounding stuff, but nobody ever really being able to explain it really clearly. and and to think about it that you know there's a time coming where if you don't have a certain understanding that you will be deceived and that's what the word of God says and I know that struck a lot of fear in me as a child and I trust that tonight nobody has that kind of fear because we have the understanding we've been given a very clear dis description of of what's going to take place and if it were possible the very elect would be deceived D, but with his spirit, it's impossible to deceive the very elect. And outside of being very elect, unfortunately, I don't know how many people are going to have the true baptism of the Holy Spirit. There's going to be a lot of people with the anointing of the Holy Spirit that will have mighty signs and wonders. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. And I believe it's Hebrews chapter 6 that brother Brandham brings that from. There's going to be a rain that comes and there's just and there's unjust. There's weeds and there's and there's wheat. When you plant a garden, everything that's in that garden, all of the seeds rejoice at the watering. They all grow and they all rejoice. And one's a seed that you've planted that you want and another one is a seed that was there and you don't want. And the one that you don't want, you're not going to go in necessarily and tear them all up. while the other ones are growing. The word of God says to let them all grow together, lest you actually damage the wheat when you're pulling up the weeds. But you know, there's not going to be deception to the truly elect. And it's not because they have anything special other than the seal of God in their life. And I'm not I'm not discounting that in any way. I'm just saying they're ordinary human beings with the Holy Ghost in their life because God for ordained for them to be the truly elect. But we're just ordinary people. Many times we're the underdogs. The really successful ones are the ones that are actually going the other way. But anyways, he goes on to say, "And who is it that shall attempt to deceive the very elect? Why the spirit of antichrist in the false anointed ones of this last day. So this is where I have to say brothers and sisters, we could even be in the church of the living God. We can be in a message church, but you know this antichrist spirit, he likes to come to a true message church. And you know what? He likes to actually come around the church of the living God. He's not interested in going after those people that aren't following the truth. He is very, very keenly interested in knowing who the true believers really are because he can't touch them. But the ones who are associating with them, who haven't really gone on to receive the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, they're the ones that can be shaken. And those are his targets. That's why as parents we have got to be ultra careful with our families, our children. We are the ones responsible for their well-being. And you know, sometimes it can be a movie, sometimes it can be a song, sometimes it can be an association, sometimes it can be where they go. We don't know necessarily what happens when we're not there. We need to make sure that we're doing everything we can to apply the token to our homes. Preaching to myself here. I know it because we are the Holy Ghost for our children until the age of accountability. We are the ones forming the wall of prayer around our children or at least we should be. But the antichrist spirit is going to try very diligently to deceive the very elected. That's why I think it's so important, brother Brandham. He says it, you know, show me your people and I'll tell you who you are. Amen. Birds of a feather. They flock together. The truly elected want to hang out with truly elected. We want to talk about the word of God. We're not interested in slandering and murmuring. That does nothing except for show what we are. He goes on to say, "And who is it that shall attempt to deceive the very elect? Why, the spirit of Antichrist in the false anointed ones of this last day? These false ones have already come in Jesus' name, claiming they have been anointed of God for the last day. They are the false messiah's anointed ones. They claim that they are prophets. But are they one with the word? Never. They have added to it or taken from it. I say, Lord, let us never add to it or take from it. Never. No one denies that the spirit of God manifesting in gifts is upon them. You hear what he's saying here? You hear that? No one denies that the spirit of God manifesting in gifts is upon them. But like Balum, they all have their programs. They make their appeal for money, exercise gifts, but deny the word. or not deny it, just bypass it for fear that a controversy might diminish their chances for greater gain. My goodness. Just build an overpass around the word. Keep the word, but just build another way around it, right? No one denies that the spirit of God manifesting in gifts is upon them. But like Balum, they all have their programs, make their appeal for money, exercise gifts, but deny the word or bypass it for fear that a controversy might diminish their chances for greater gain. Yet they preach salvation and deliverance through the power of God. Just like Judas with a ministry imparted by Christ. But because they are wrong seed, consequently they have a wrong spirit motivating them. Religious. Oh my. They outshine the elect in effort and zeal. But it is le oysian not of Christ. for it looks for big crowds, big programs, and startling signs amongst them. Some people, they look for followers. They look for a following. They preach the second coming of Christ. Oh my. But deny the advent of Malachi 4 and six. Right? They deny the advent of the prophet messenger, though in power and signs and true revelation, he eclipses them all, doesn't he? Didn't he? Isn't it interesting to think that scripture lays there, right in the middle of the Bible, the last words of the Old Testament, just before the New. Maybe it's because it's right there in in the New Testament. It's just overlooked. It's easy to overlook it. Isn't it interesting to look at the old covenant and the new covenant, the transition? There's a time coming. There is a time coming. And I'm sure most scholars, if not all of them, would agree, there's a time coming where that scripture has to come to pass. When is it? When is it going to happen? And we know that it's already happened. I know that. But I just think it's amazing how people would try and put it off and say that we don't know. We can't explain. If we would just take a look at the scripture, take a look at the word. I know it's not for everyone. He goes on to say, "Ah, yes, this false spirit in the last day is so close to the real, not out there. So close to the real can be distinguished only by its deviation from the word. And whenever it is caught in being anti-word, it falls back on the one argument we've already shown to be false. We get results, don't we? We have to be of God. Now, before we close, I want to bring this thought. All along, we've been talking about the seed of wheat being buried, then sending up two chuts, then a tassel, then the true ear. This might make some wonder if we said that the Lutheran didn't have the Holy Spirit just because they taught basically justification. You know, for me, I'll say this. This is where I really started to dial in and lock in on on this guy being prophetic, this guy being a prophet of God. Th this is what started to cement it for me because here he's not slandering them. He's not slandering them at all. This might make some wonder if we said that the Lutheran didn't have the Holy Spirit just because they taught basically justification. It might make some wonder about the Methodist etc. No sir, we're not saying that. We are not talking about the individuals or the people but the age. Every age had elect in it. Luther had the spirit of God, but his age was not the age of full restoration by another outpouring like in the beginning. It was the same with Wesley. Now, I love how he brings this in here and he gives some some other examples from the world aside from just the church age messengers that he brought. He's saying these men had the Holy Ghost. That's right. It's amazing. It was the same with Wesley, Booth, Knox, Whitfield, Brainard, Jonathan, Edwards, Mueller, etc. Surely they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Yes, they certainly were. But the age in which each lived was not the age of restoration. Neither was any age but this last age, the age of complete blackout in apostasy where the devil could be called the god of this age and and be able to set up altars all over the place. So many different ways, so many different techniques for him to be acknowledged and recognized all over the world now. So loud and proud. It's everywhere. It's just beautiful though to see this. He says, "This is the age of apostasy and this is the age of restoration. It is the age, excuse me, of the finished cycle. With this, it's all over. This is the age of apostasy and this is the age of restoration." It's a paradox, isn't it? It is the age of the finished cycle. With this, it's all over. So, we conclude the seven church ages. I'll bring call the musicians. We're at 9:00. So, we conclude the seven church ages saying only what the spirit said to each age. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith to the churches. It's so beautiful. It's not just what any one man said to the churches. Let's hear what the spirit saith to the churches. I sincerely believe that the spirit of God has been speaking to us, not only teaching us the truths of the ages, but he has been faithfully dealing with our hearts that they may turn to him. Maybe stand with us as we as we close. That is the reason for all preaching and teaching. For it is in the preaching and teaching of the word that the sheep hear the voice of God and follow him. And isn't that the the desire of every single preacher and every single teacher, every single evangelist and and missionary to bring the word of God to people's hearts so that they have the ability to hear his voice and follow him. He says, "Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization." I wonder if some people have ever read this. I do. Sometimes you have to wonder about some things or start some fellowship or organization. I have never done that and will never and and will not do that now. Sorry. I have no interest in those things. But I do have an interest in the things of God and people. And if I can accomplish just one thing, I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with his spirit and live according to his word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear his voice at this time and yield our lives completely to him. Even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to him. Could we say that tonight? I trust in my heart that I have given my all to him. If we haven't, brothers and sisters, I just want to say it's not too late. We can say I desire Lord to just give my all to you. He says, "God bless you and may his coming rejoice your heart." God richly bless you. That's the exposition of the seven church ages the first time here. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, tonight we thank you for this Lord, we thank you for this word that we've read, the the words in this book which is authored, I believe, by you through a messenger, one of the seven, Lord, that you talk about in the beginning of the book of Revelation. Lord Jesus, this this word that we've read in this book is a lot of your word. Amen. And we know that the heart of the man that you know put this book together, his desire would simply be that we would go to know you. That we would not be stuck following him. He would not want that. His desire would be fully completely for us to have that relationship with you. Lord Jesus, I pray that tonight, Father, we would all have that ability and and it would be to hear what the Spirit says unto the church. Lord, Father, we know that rapturing faith lies on the tapes. And Lord, we're supposed to take the book and to eat it up. And Father, we try and do that as much as we can. And Father, tonight I I pray that each and every one of us, Lord, would be able to look in our lives and see that time and that place just like Caleb and Joshua had in their life, where they recognized, Lord, that it didn't matter about what anyone else was doing. It only mattered where they stood. And they had the ability to recognize that your word was greater than any of the problems or issues that came up along the way. And because of that, you acknowledged them and you acknowledged their hearts and you told them that they would be the only ones from that generation that would go into their inheritance. Help us, Lord Jesus, to be those ones that will cross over and go into our inheritance, Father, all the way. Let us not be stuck at at some tradition, Lord, or or some theory or idea, but Father, let us just, Lord, cast down all of our reasonings and all of our imaginations, Lord Jesus, and take every thought into the captivity of your Holy Spirit. And Lord, whatever word that you allow to come out of it, let it be unto us according to thy word, Lord. Father, Lord, we pray that you would just be with us as we go our separate ways. Thank you for this study, Lord. 62 weeks of getting together and learning more. Father, I pray that we could just continue to glean out of this study, Lord, and that we would be able to just continue to grow higher and higher in you, Father, having a greater revelation in our lives, Father, giving us a greater humility, recognizing that it's only by your grace that we're even able to understand that you sent a prophet. Oh, Father, we're so thankful, Lord. Help us to have a song in our heart, Lord, a spring in our step, and to know that the joy that you have given us, that is our strength, Lord Jesus. Father, we love you tonight, and we just want to commit each life into your hands, Lord. We pray that you would bless our prayer meeting tomorrow night, Father. Lord, we know that's the greatest weapon that you've given us, Father. Lord, the thing, the only thing that can make changes, Lord, is to gather together as brothers and sisters and Father, create a wall of prayer. Father, we just ask that you would be with us now. Be glorified in a few songs that we sing, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Can we sing the song Ancient Words? Ancient Words. [Music] Holy word, long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the ancient words impart. Word of God, ever true, changing me. We have come with open hearts. Let the word of God impart. Words of life. Words of hope. Give us strength. Help us cope. In this world where we roam, the word of God will guide us home. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down to this age came to us through sacriice. Oh ye the faithful words of Christ. Word of God never true changing me changing God with open hearts. Oh let the word of God impart. Hallelujah. Can we sing standing on the promises of God? Amen. [Music] Standing on the promises of Christ my king through eternal aes let his praises ring. Glory in the highest I will shout and sing. Standing on the promises of God. Stand [Applause] stay standing on the promises of God. My [Applause] standing stand. [Music] I'm standing on the proises of God. Standing on the promises that cannot fail. When the house [Music] stoing word of God, I shall prevail. Standing on the promises of God. Standing. Standing. Standing on the promises of God my savior. [Music] Standing. Standing. [Applause] I'm standing on the proises of God. Standing on the promises I now can see. Perfect present cleansing in the blood for me. Standing in the Christ makes free. Standing on the crosses of God [Music] standing on the promises of God my savior. [Applause] Stand. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord. Bound to him eternally. My love strong. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Standing standing standing on the promises of God. I see standing standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises I cannot fall. Listening every moment to the spirit's call. Rest in my savior as my stand. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm standing on the proes of God. Amen. Amen. Take the name of Jesus with you. Just sing that chorus as we close. Take the name of Jesus with you. God bless you tonight, child of sorrow and [Music] of you. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] All the joy of [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. dream. [Music] Hey, [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music]
