################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 2025-06-01 - Bro. Barry - What Is The Sign Of The End - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    2025-06-01 - Bro. Barry - What Is The Sign Of The End
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mATaF7G0ZY
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson
Sunday, June 1st 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] la. You're [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord. Welcome each one of you visitors and locals alike. Trust the Lord has been good to you this week. Isn't he always good? God is good all the time. Amen. Let's sing it this this song this morning as we enter his gates. to the stand if you would with thanksgiving in my heart. What's not to be thankful for this morning? Let's give him praise. Let's give him the glory he's worthy of. Well, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh yes, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice. For he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Oh, this is the day [Music] [Music] after. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Glory. I will rejoice for he has what a mighty God we serve. Oh what a mighty God we serve. Oh angels before him. What mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Oh yes. Jesus is God. Oh go Jesus is the God of peace and you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heaven Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives be raised. You are awesome in this place. My God, as I come, oh, as I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. And I can [Applause] [Music] only place mighty God. You are awesome. [Music] You are worthy of all praise to [Music] you. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, once more. Oh, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. We love you, Lord. Oh, you [Music] are you are worthy of praise to be awesome. Let's bow our heads and pray. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, this is the confession of our hearts. Lord Jesus Christ, you are awesome in this place. Lord Jesus Christ, Lord, we are glad that we can call you Aba Father. Lord Jesus Christ is such a privilege. Lord Jesus Christ, you are even more faithful than the earthly father. Lord Jesus Christ. We know that you do not miss your appointments, Lord Jesus Christ. And you promised in your word and said where two or three are gathered in your name, you've been there mid. So Lord Jesus Christ, we know that you are here. Lord Jesus Christ, we just pray. Make us conscious of your presence, Lord Jesus Christ. As we sing praises unto your holy name, Lord Jesus Christ, we just pray. Lord Jesus Christ, you have your own way, Lord. this morning Lord Jesus Christ. There may be needs in our midst Lord for we are human beings Lord. Lord Jesus Christ may you please meet those needs Lord this morning Lord Jesus Christ. May you move from person to person Lord Jesus Christ ministering to our hearts Lord Jesus Christ. Draw us near to you Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we pray that when we come out of this place, Lord, we go out different people better than the way we came in, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus Christ, just draw us more closer to you, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, as we see this world going in a direction, Lord Jesus Christ, that's confusing. Lord, we pray that we have a testimony of Joshua and Caleb and know Lord Jesus Christ that whatever you have promised in your word, you bring it to pass. Lord, you promise that you will have a church without spot or wrinkle. And Lord Jesus Christ, we are confessing this morning that we are that church, Lord Jesus Christ. We are not resting on our abilities, Lord, but we are resting on your promises. We are resting on your word, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we just pray bless the song leader, the musicians as they create the atmosphere, Lord Jesus Christ, for your word, Lord, to grow in us, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord bless all the officers in this church and Lord bless those people who do things Lord that we sometimes don't notice but you notice Lord have their preeminence this morning we ask all these things in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you my brother. Maybe have your maybe shake someone's hand as you're seated this morning. See we've got uh Arizona and Connecticut represented this morning. Couple of American states. God bless each one of you for coming this morning. Good to be reunited with family. Sister Emily, is it Emily? I think God bless you. Each one of you, welcome to the house of the Lord this morning. Good to be a Christian. Good to be here serving the mighty God we serve. Fill my way every day with love as we walk in this world. As our brother prayed, it's an uncertain world. Incredibly uncertain. But we have a certain God. We have certainty this morning and what better way to manifest. I was talking to an old staff member of mine yesterday and it's just breaks your heart to see people that don't have the love of God in their heart. You just want to give it to everybody. You just want to you want them to receive it, but we know that love is elective. Here we are this morning. Elective love brought us here this morning. We're thankful for that. Fill my way, Lord. Would you as I go through this world, help me walk the way you want me to walk? Well, let me walk, blessed Lord, in the way thou has gone, leading straight to that land above. Oh, giving cheer everywhere to the sand and the Lord. Fill my way every day with love. Oh yes. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with that heavenly love. Oh, let me go all the while with my song and the smile. Fill my way every day with your love. Oh, keep me close to the side of my savior and guide me in [Music] darkness. Open my hand from my soul sisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh go with my [Music] soul every day with oh soon this race will be born and I travel the Lord but I'm not in my [Music] Let me sing. Blessed be all the way to my way. Every [Music] day I [Music] [Applause] [Music] My soul every day with God is good all the time. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I got my time. And if you want [Music] me and [Music] or [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] If we were sinners, so [Music] [Music] unorth Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] My God is all we were sinners. No one but still [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. One more time. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. My god. My god. My god. My god. [Music] [Applause] He's worthy. He's worthy to be praised. How can we not praise him? Sing this song. Start with the Lord. Justify. Never did it in the first place. Like how how blessed are we this morning? Justified. Justified. You have not done it in the first place. Justify. Justify. Justify. You have not done it in the first place. You just stand. Well, he looked at your perfect picture without wrinkle. He didn't look at you where you are. from eternity. [Music] Just think it's when you come Heat. Heat. [Music] Justify. You have not done it in the first place to justify. What more verses of Jesus? We exalt thee. How could we not lift our voices? We exalt thee. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] God bless you saints. Are you glad to be in his presence? Amen. Um just a few. First of all, um we welcome sister Janine Adis I think at the back there. That is sister Hedrik's mother, brother Mario's mother-in-law. Welcome. Amen. And there may be other visitors here as well. If there's somebody that we're not probably captured at the back, so if somebody close to you, just welcome them. Let them feel at home. Amen. Um uh important announcements. Uh Saturday, June 14th, the spring cleaning and so please make the effort to be here. Uh, many hands make light at work. And so, um, prayer meeting this Thursday, June 5th, 7:30. Amen. Um, communion Sunday, 22nd as well. Just have it on your calendar. And then um the ministry uh brother Joel Galant here uh on Wednesday 11th and then brother Roshan Marsh that is July 6th and brother Dilladon on Wednesday uh 9th July. So I believe that's all of it. Amen. Uh let's bow our hearts before our dear Lord and Savior. What a privilege to come into your presence this morning, Father. Lord, we are we have come as your children who have experienced you already. We have come as as your children who know and understand what you've done for us and that is why we come to express oursel in such special way. Lord, you are the reason for our joy. You have brought us here. It is only your grace and mercy that has brought us here. And we just want to say we love you most. We appreciate you so much, Father, in our own ways, Father. If there is an insufficiency, Father, forgive our mistakes, Father, but we love you nonetheless. And nothing is turning us back from you, Lord. We are going all the way with you, Father, because you called us when we didn't know how the the dangers we were facing. And Father, you pulled us from danger. You pulled us from death and brought us to life and you have chose to manifest yourself to us and let us know how precious we are to you when we didn't find value in ourselves. Father, we just want to spend all our life glorifying you, just living for you, praising you, oh Lord, this morning. Father, we gather as your children, desiring also to receive of you, Father. Because as we come to express ourselves and to serve you father we come also to receive of you to strengthen us oh Lord to get that encouragement that direction that guidance oh Lord in this life father we pray that you anoint your word for us oh God and anoint us as well to receive of you father because it works both ways father and you are more than able to do that father bless every aspect of this service father the singing of the songs father the preaching of the word father everything that is done May it be pleasing to you. Father, as we bring our tithes and offerings as well, may you bless it for the purpose of your work in the name that precious name, the name above all names, the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Do we pray with thanksgiving? Amen. Amen. [Music] 17. What a lovely name. That name Jesus reaching higher far than the brightest star. Oh, it's the songs we sing [Applause] in. Oh, let the saints [Applause] proclaim the wonder [Music] of soon. He'll come in clouds of glory. Saints of every race are all here this morning. Oh, they shall behold his face. And then we think about it, him entering. Oh, ever to proclaim. Oh, what a lovely name. Have your seats as we sing it again. Brother Fair, when you come. Oh, what a lovely name. That name of [Music] Jesus reaching higher far. Oh, and the brightest [Music] star. Oh, it's the songs they sing in heaven. Fantasies proclaim. Oh, what a lovely name. And soon he'll come. [Music] always. Amen. Bless you. Amen. Is this on? Good. It is good to praise the Lord. Um I remember standing here some years ago and standing here again some years after. Here I am again. The testimony is the same. God is faithful. God is [Applause] [Music] [Music] May Jehovah. [Music] man. [Music] again. [Music] It [Music] might edar. Let the earth [Music] share. [Music] Hosan shar [Music] I am [Music] I am [Music] I am [Music] [Applause] [Music] this kind God. Oh, I never see your God. Oh, yes. I see your holy name God. Oh, this God. I [Applause] [Music] never got joy [Music] joy in my life. I joy joy. [Music] I've got joy. I've got joy, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] You're my [Music] You are the most high. You are the most high God. You are the most high. You are the most high God. You are the most high. You are the most high. You are the most high. I love She [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, glory be to the Lord in the highest. [Music] Glory be to the Lord in the highest. Hallelujah. Everybody shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. for his kindness. Hallelujah. For his love. Hallelujah. Oh, glory be to the Lord in the highest. Hallelujah. Glory be to the Lord in the highest. Hallelujah. Glory be to the Lord in the highest. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Thank you, brothers. Thank you, sisters. A little African revival here. I was thinking of you, Sister Michelle. You said you missed that, right? South Africa, other parts of Africa. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He's worthy to be praised and he's received praise and I believe you've given him praise from your heart this morning. Stand with me if you would as we change the order and ask our pastor to come. The highlight of the of the service we know is the word preaching the word instant season. I love this song. You were the word at the beginning. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. What a wonderful, what a powerful, what a glorious name it is that the name of Jesus that we serve. For you were the word at the beginning, one with God, Lord most high, your hidden glory in creation. Now we feel you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. That name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. I think it is. But you believe it is the name of Jesus. You did one day without. So Jesus, you never down. That's you and me. Oh my sin was greater. Your love was gater. [Applause] [Music] Oh, what a wonderful day. What a wonderful Jesus Christ. [Music] is what is the name of Jesus death could not hold you before you s of sin and the heavens praise of your glory [Music] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] In the name of Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be your name. You know, I want to say this and I think it's so important to recognize it. I'm going to call it what it is. Some people might say this was a nation worshiping. This was a a race worshiping. This was a group of people from here or there. I want to say this. This is the redeemed worshiping. There ain't no skin color. There ain't no culture difference. It's the redeemed of God. Those that recognize what he did before the foundation of the world. That's what gives us the liberty to worship. Amen. And what an opportunity to gather together one more time in his name and have no reservation. Amen. You know, I'm sorry if it makes us uncomfortable here. This is the quietest place we're ever going to be. Because once the redeemed gets up in front of the throne and gives their worship, all heaven is going to be quiet to listen to that. Oh my. And the people, they go down. They're going to be the ones thinking I could have worshiped, but I just didn't want to for some reason. Maybe my traditions, maybe the pastor, maybe someone said that I shouldn't. I just want to encourage every single one of us. Don't think about anyone else but Jehovah, Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. And what he's done, but not so much what he's done, not so much what he's going to do. What's he doing right now? [Music] every single need that we have in our lives, he is here and able to meet that need. My, isn't it wonderful? You want to push back the powers of darkness and and see devils flee and see afflictions leave and deliverance come, just worship. That's where the victory lies. Yeah. My I just can't help but get emotional in his presence. I'm so excited to to be here. God bless you all. Thank you for coming today. My It is tremendous tremendous to be in his presence. And I'm sorry. I just can't really get over that. I I I don't know if we ever will get over that, but we have to. I know we need to move forwards in the service here. And boy, oh boy. Okay. You know, it came to the place when they were dedicating the temple that the ministers couldn't even stand to minister because of the presence of God. I I just hope that everyone feels them the same way that I do today. My what a tremendous blessing it is to know that the King of Kings and Lord of Lords is right here in our midst. I I'm not trying to make this up and and and create an emotional stir. I just want to acknowledge him for who he is today. My you know some people take the quotes and and make different things out of them. Brother Brandham said the Holy Ghost is without sensation, but that's not without emotion. Let's not confuse the two. My Amen. Let's just bow in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, what an honor and a privilege it is one more time to think that you have given us, Lord, the ability to gather together in your name. Amen. Lord Jesus, not just as a figurative action, Lord, out of tradition and and duty, but Lord, out of a love and a passion that you've put in our hearts before the foundation of the world to come and meet with you, Lord Jesus, to give you praise and honor and glory. We know there was a time mentioned of in the Bible, oh Lord, where the the morning stars, they sang together and the sons of God, oh Father, they didn't whisper for joy, they shouted for joy. And there's something on the inside of the inside, Lord, that just desires to shout unto you, Father. We thank you for what you've done. We recognize that you're here, Lord. And we just want to give you the preeminence that you desire in this service, Lord Jesus. Amen. Father, we thank you for each life represented here, Lord. Some have come from far and some from wide, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray that you would just be glorified in all that's said and done today. Lord, we just ask that you would bless our service as we go forwards. We thank you for your goodness and your tender mercy to us even now this morning. Lord, the blessing that we've already received, we just commit this service into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. I'm going to ask you to just take your seats if you don't mind. We have a baby dedication today. And uh it's brother Jel Odeno. Brother Jel Odoo. just a tremendous blessing to see the Lord ministering to his children and and giving us the ability to have families and to see the life coming through the body. And today we would just like to dedicate brother Jel and we have some names. I believe they are African names, Nigerian specifically and uh J Reel. Oh, wada miloju. I hope I pronounced that right. Olu watou and chukuima. Chuku a mika. I probably have not pronounced them right. And I I certainly apologize, but the words are big. And uh you know, it's difficult when you get up here and you get nervous. And I I I just feel that. But you know Jeriel the name is uh Hebrew origin and it relates to foundation or establishment and I think it's wonderful because we can say that this name was founded by God and God is my foundation. [Music] My an oluo Jew. The origin is Yoruba, southwestern Nigeria language. And the name is meaning I am assured in the Lord. Amen. I am confident in the Lord. I have unwavering trust in the Lord. Isn't that a wonderful name to name your child? To think that names have power. Names have very distinct influence over children. And this is the name of brother Jerryel. Tremendous. Just wonderful, wonderful names. And Chuco Mika, the origin is Igbu, Southoutheastern Nigeria language. And the name meaning is God has done great things. And all of these have scriptural references. I think they're just wonderful. But this morning, we would just like to invite the Odonovo family, brother Faren and Sister Merritt, if you would like to come up with your family and bring baby Jeriel up with you, we will dedicate him. If you want to play, bring them in. We'll just sing that song as they come forwards. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. Break them in from the fields of s. [Music] Jesus. You know, I uh my I just want to read a scripture here out of Mark chapter 10. And they brought young children to him that he should touch them. And his disciples rebuked those that brought them. And we know that that's the traditional teaching. Don't don't mess with things. Don't get out of order here. But when Jesus saw it, he was much displeased. And he said unto them, "Suffer the little children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for such is the kingdom of God. Verily, I say unto you, whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein." And he took them up in his arms, and put his hands upon them, and blessed them. And that's what we are going to do today. Certainly wonderful to have this honor. Hey buddy, brother Jerry, can you see him? God bless you, buddy. Yeah, it's okay if you're yawning in church. You're allowed to. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord Jesus, one more time. What an honor and a privilege it is to hold one of your elect. Father, this morning, Lord Jesus, we want to thank you for this life of brother Jeriel, Lord Odono. Father, we thank you for the Odinoo family, Lord Jesus, brother Farah, Sister Merritt, Sister Zoe, and Brother Jason, Lord. And this morning, Father, we just want to take this life that you have given unto this family, Lord, and dedicate it back unto you, Father. Lord Jesus, we know that all life comes from you. And what greater honor and privilege is it as parents, Lord Jesus, to acknowledge you as the giver of all life. And Father, to be able to take that life that you have given us and dedicate it back unto you. So father this morning even as a body of believers here in Calgary we unite together around this family Lord around the Odonovos and we just ask Lord Jesus in the name of Jesus that you would watch over this boy for the duration of his life father as we've read about and heard about so many times Lord there's so many different things that we could ask for but Father this morning we unite together and we ask for the salvation of this boy we just pray that Lord Jesus you would guide his footsteps all the days of his life. That you would lead him and guide him into all righteousness, Lord. That his desire would be unto you first and foremost, Lord. And oh, Father, that all of the other gifts would follow, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray that you would allow him to be an inspiration of joy to his family, Lord Jesus, that he would be an inspiration of the foundation of your love and your gospel to all the people around him, Lord, because he knows what you've done for him. Father, we pray that you would just keep sickness away, Lord. And Father, let him just experience the joy of your salvation. Father, we love you and we thank you and we just want to commit this boy into your hands now for your glory. As we dedicate him in the name of Jesus Christ, we'd ask Lord also that you would watch over the family in every aspect. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, buddy. You feel that presence, don't you? It's not brother Barry. Oh my. Hallelujah. God bless you, brother. Congratulations. Bless you, sister. Bless you, sister. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little to Jesus. Amen. Wow. I believe we could just go home now and just be blessed from what we've experienced. Maybe stand with me as we begin the service. Now, let's uh let's turn to Revelations chapter 13. Thank you, musicians. Revelations chapter 13. I'd like to continue on our thought. Amen. Hallelujah. About the end of days. And maybe pick up a little bit from where we left off last Sunday. Revelations chapter 13 verse 1. And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and I saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and 10 horns, and upon his horns 10 crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion. And the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority. And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death. My and his deadly wound was healed. And all the world wondered after the beast. And they worshiped the dragon which gave power unto the beast. And they worshiped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? Who is able to make war with him? And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies and power was given unto him to continue 40 and two months. And he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God to blaspheme his name and his tabernacle and them that dwell in heaven. Let's just bow one more time. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your word. Thank you, Lord, for the scripture that we've read. And Lord Jesus, we just invite you now to break it open to us fresh once again, Lord. Father, we pray that you would just, Lord, allow the words that you want spoken and stop the words that you don't. And Father, in the end, we'll be careful to give you all the praise. We thank you, Father, for your presence here today. Lord, thank you for each soul represented here. Lord, help us to recognize, Father, that we have opportunity, Lord Jesus, to make room for you in our lives. Our desire is to bring you glory. Father, we just ask now that you would bless our service, Father. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. Thank you everyone for coming today. Certainly thankful for the presence of the Lord. you know, talking about the uh the baby dedications, I think it's a wonderful thing that we can recognize um that we do it and it's wonderful to give back. And you know, sometimes I think it helps if we just hear maybe what brother Bradom said about it. And out of 1957, brother Brandham in God keeps his word and uh I do apologize to the sound technicians. I may have had a technical issue this morning, so they might not have the quotes that I've got, but if you just uh bear with us, I'm sure it'll all be fine. He says, "Now, I want Sister Gertie, if she will, before we bring the little ones up for a baby dedication." In the Bible, we find out the only place that I know of in the scripture where the order of babies. Now, a lot of people sprinkle them and, you know, and call it baptism and so forth, which that's okay, but I always just try to like to stay just the way the Bible says it. And you know, in the Bible, they never baptized little children. Neither did they sprinkle them. They just brought them to our Lord. And he took them in his arms and blessed them and said, "Suffer the little children to come unto me and forbid them not, for such is the kingdom of heaven." Isn't that wonderful? And I know that there's a lot of people even in denominational churches that will do exactly what we just did. Exactly. And we have the prophet saying that such is the kingdom of heaven. That's beautiful. And the strange thing was now that I just turned right down in the Bible just exactly where it's at in Mark 10 just here it is right before me. And so the Lord brought the little children and they brought the little children to him and he just blessed them and said suffer the little ones to come to me and don't forbid them for such is the kingdom. Now we know that our Lord has gone to glory and his spirit returned back in the church to carry on the message until he comes again. We're looking for that. And the way we do it here is just to bring the little ones up and we bring the elders of the church up and I take the little ones and dedicate them to the Lord. I think it's such a sweet little service to see those little bitty fellows because it's no matter how young we are or how old we are, one of those little ones has just got a place in our heart. Isn't that right? Amen. How many pray for one another's kids here today? You know, if there's anything that we not only could pray for, but need to pray for is for the little ones in the congregation. Amen. Because a lot of the elders understand what it means to be a battlecard veteran. They understand what it means to be knocked around and kicked down and to shake it all off and get back up and go to church again. But a lot of times the little ones, the young ones spiritually and physically, they don't understand that. They feel like they've completely failed God and they can never succeed and never make it. So why bother? Why not be just like the world? Eat and drink and be merry for tomorrow we just die anyway. We're not going to be able to make it. We can't do this. And it's 100% right. We say it all the time. There's no way that we can do this. It takes Jesus Christ to do this in our lives. He is the reason we get back up and we dust ourselves off and we come to church. But if you if you ever run out of things to pray for, just think about the little children. Now, when we come to God, that's just the way we are in God's heart. We never leave that stage. We are always little children. Amen. Isn't that wonderful? We're children of the King. I'm a child of the King. We sing that song. Oh yes. Oh yes, I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now it flows through my veins. I you who were wretched. My now we can sing. And we have the ability here. It's so beautiful. We have the ability here, brothers and sisters, to sing just as loud as we want. Amen. To just give him all the glory and honor and praise that we want to. We can go to a hockey game and people aren't afraid to jump up and shout, right? people aren't afraid to get in the spirit of things in this world. How much more ought the children of the king to get in the spirit of things. I I just think it's wonderful. And you know, I'm I'm I was in the back and I was just so happy to see the way the the song service went today. And some people might get upset by it, but you know, I I I just think that the further we go down the road, the more we recognize what he's done for us, the more we recognize how little there is that we could ever do to to get ourselves there, how much more we're going to worship him and give him praise and honor and glory. And we've said it in the past, you know, when we get to heaven, we're probably not going to be reading quotes and we're probably not going to be reading the Bible and studying and having prayer meetings and going through all of that. We're going to be praising the Lord because we know that we made it. Amen. And isn't it wonderful to think that he's given us a thousand year space? Thousand years to get all of our emotions out of the way. And then he says, "Behold, all old things are passed away. Behold, all things are new. And there's a new Jerusalem city that comes down for us to inhabit." And it's going to be a totally different thing than what we're used to. I just think it's amazing. Amen. And you know, when we prayed this morning, I I just want to say our prayer has been answered. I asked the Lord with the musicians this morning that that heaven and earth would just embrace. And you know, if you're wondering why it seemed maybe a little bit different, I don't know. Maybe the Lord just allowed that to happen. Heaven and earth just embraced. And I want to say right now, brothers and sisters, he hasn't let go. He's still embracing right now. He's right here, right now, offering to deliver whatever it is that we have need of. if we're willing to just surrender unto him. I just love that that special this morning. God bless you, brother Faren. My I just love that. It's beautiful. You know, I I just have a couple of announcements that I need to make and uh I I think unfortunately we have them and and it just has to be. We uh we want to remember Sister Rebecca uh Sister Rebecca moving back to Nigeria. Oh my sister Rebecca Odolene who's moving back to Nigeria and uh she's going to be married. She is betrothed right now and uh the Lord is certainly good. We've prayed for that to happen and we're praying for a safe delivery and uh that the Lord will just bless their marriage abundantly. And uh I asked when we had the conversation originally when she plans to come back and she said I don't know. So, you know, we just trust the Lord that he's working it all out for his glory. And, uh, we just want to see the Lord's blessings in her life and wish her the very, very best. And, uh, it's going to go quickly. She's, I think, uh, probably about a week longer here at Calgary Living Word and then she's going to go and start making preparations for her wedding and and then who knows when we'll see her again. So, don't be bashful. Please reach out to her and uh, wish her all the best. We have another uh announcement to make. And uh it's with a heavy heart, but with a a smiley face, a uh uh it's it's good because we follow the leadership of the Lord. I got a phone call this week from brother Justice Oli and uh he wanted to announce that the Lord has finally given him a date and that is that he and his family are moving back to Nigeria. And uh yeah, they're not going to visit, they're going to live. And I asked Brother Justice, is it okay if I announce it? And I think it's very important to make sure that we are on the same page with this. Um, you know, we have to go where the Lord leads us. And, uh, Brother Justice and Sister Sharon Rose feel led to go. And, uh, I believe there's going to be, um, employment there. And the Lord's just been working on this for a long time. And, you know, I just want to say, uh, kudos to Brother Justice publicly. To me, it means a lot because just about two years ago, maybe a year and a half, brother justice had another conversation with me and he said to me, "We're feeling led to do this. The Lord is is leading us this way." And I just would like you to know that. We don't have any details worked out, but you know, for me in a in a role of a pastor, it means so much to know that someone would would take the time to say the Lord is actually leading this way. You know, when the Lord is doing that, we can pray together and and ask the Lord for his will to happen and and here we see the doors opening and he's just making a way for it. It's it's tremendous. So, I I kind of knew maybe what would be coming. I just didn't know how quickly it would be coming. And so, uh I believe as I understand the 1 of September, the Elagis are going to be in Nigeria. So, the end of August they're going to be leaving. So, we're going to make sure that we celebrate them. We appreciate them and uh we're certainly thankful for what they've contributed to the body here. They've been a wonderful wonderful addition and uh just a real encouragement. I've been able to spend a little time with brother Justice and uh you know in in him working he worked with us in our business a little bit and I think more than anything he wanted some fellowship and uh it was just a wonderful time to get to know him a bit you know and uh we're going to miss them. We miss one another on this side when we have to part. But we know there's coming a day where that will never happen. Where we'll always be together. We won't have to part. Are you happy this morning? I am certainly happy. I know that it was a bit of a fight to get here today to to get through all of the stuff that we needed to this week so that we could, you know, be in our position, but there's a blessing in store. I am sure. We just also wanted to mention that uh please don't forget there's a potluck this afternoon and uh it's at our place after service. Um if the preacher doesn't go too long, we'd like to aim for eating about 2:00 and uh so if you plan to come, please feel welcome to and if you need an address after service, we can certainly get that for you. Um but anyways, here we go. I think it's so wonderful to know that we have been given the revelation that we have in the day in which we live. Sometimes we can look at this message of the hour and and and maybe not by any fault of our own begin to make it something other than it is. It can become a a list of dos and don'ts. It can become a legalistic perspective. It can be creeds or dogmas. And and we know we've seen all manner of that. But to come to the place where it is truly the glorious liberty of the word of God in our lives, we really don't need to be told what to do. We are certainly able to allow the Holy Ghost in our lives to minister the truth to us as we go. And you know, as we as we look at this word and and the message of the hour, we we can see these things that we've talked about. You know, we've been preaching out of uh Matthew chapter 24 and we know that that is the the end of days and and the disciples had Jesus and and they said to him, you know what what they asked him one question in three parts. What what is the sign of the end? And and what's it going to look like? And uh we know that Jesus, he began to give them an answer. And I don't know if they were ready fully ready for the answer that he gave. But when we look at these scriptures, we we can look at them and and I guess the point that I really feel led to talk about is we don't have to be afraid of the end of days. We don't have to be afraid to see um a government elected, a government fall. We don't have to be afraid of the beast. We don't have to be afraid of the dragon. We don't have to be afraid of the false prophet. We don't have to be afraid of false prophets. We don't have to be afraid of ministries, per se. We don't have to be afraid. There should be no fear because perfect love casts out fear. Perfect love takes out fear. There's no need to be afraid or worried or concerned when we know who is in charge. But in our scripture today, I just want to carry on a little bit. in verse 7 of Revelations chapter 13 talking about this one who opened his mouth in blasphemy against God. Isn't it a a tremendous thing to think about who who this could be that verse six he says he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God calling things that are as though they're not right saying that it's not God and and to blaspheme his name the name of the Lord Jesus Christ to to say that it's not the Lord Jesus Christ to say that it's a devil to blasphe his name and his tabernacle where's his tabernacle Many times we can think about it and say, "Well, that tabernacle, it's in heaven." And sure enough, there was a time where the prophets saw the vision in heaven where the temple post, they shook at the presence of the Lord, right? But we're not talking about that tabernacle. I don't believe that this is the tabernacle that really he's speaking of here because we know that he doesn't live in a house made with hands. He lives in a fleshy heart of a man. That is his tabernacle, the body of the bride of Jesus Christ. But this man, he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name and his tabernacle and them that dwell in heaven. Can you imagine that? What good is it going to do to talk about those people in heaven, to blaspheme them? They're already there. That's right. This guy has some audacity, though. And verse 7, and it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them, and power was given him over all kindreds and tongues and nations. We know this is right out of Daniel 7. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. If any man have an ear, let him hear. Anybody here have an ear today? If we have his spirit, we have an ear. And without his spirit, we can say we have an ear and we can hear it with our ears naturally speaking. But that's not the ear that he's talking about. He's talking about the ear that's here. This here ear. It's right inside the heart, right in the soul of the brothers and sisters, his children. And as we read these things, we can see that all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. Who are those people that will worship him? The ones that reject the baptism of the Holy Ghost. This is why we preach about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Brothers and sisters, outside of that baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're going to worship this guy that's blaspheming heaven, that's blaspheming the saints, that's blaspheming the tabernacle, that's blaspheming the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You will do that. You will worship him because it's the word of God. Some people might say, "Well, Brother Barry, I can control what I want to do." Sure enough, we can. But, you know, we don't have to actually go out into the world and join up with the denominations. I'm so thankful I had a pastor that taught me that you can be a denomination of one just by saying I I I don't believe it that way. I'm just going to do it this way. I'm just going to do it my way. I'm just going to make it the way that I want it that suits my life. You know what happens is you're actually rejecting the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Why would you say that, brother Barry? Because the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost himself will never reject one word of the word. If someone has the baptism of the Holy Ghost, they will come in line 100% with the words of the vindicated prophet. They're and and they're not going to comb their hair the way that he combs his hair. They're not going to drive a Ford because he drove a Ford. We're not going to go out and get a belt buckle because he had a belt buckle. Brothers and sisters, we're not talking about that. We're talking about thus sayaith the Lord. Thus saith the Lord. There's a lot of things that he said that that that he maybe predicted and he said and and I think and I I I perceive and many different ways of saying it, but it's thus sayaith the Lord that we go after, right? That is our absolute. It has to be. There has to be an absolute. But we can look at all these things and we don't have to be afraid. Let's turn over to Matthew chapter 24 just for a moment as we begin. Matthew 24. Let's just read the the first few verses here. Matthew chap 24 verse 1. And Jesus went out and departed from the temple. And his disciples came to him for to show him the buildings of the temple. And Jesus said unto them, "See ye not all these things. Verily I say unto you, there shall not be not be left here one stone upon another that shall not be thrown down." And as he sat upon the Mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, "Tell us, when shall these things be, and what shall be the sign of thy coming and the end of the world?" And Jesus answered and said unto them, "Take heed that no man deceive you." We talked about that the last couple times. Take heed that no man deceive you. How will we be able to make sure that no man deceives us? By simply having the Holy Ghost in our lives. We can know the word of God, but remember the letter kleth, right? But the spirit giveth life. For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ and shall deceive many. And ye shall hear of wars and rumors of wars. And you know, right in the middle of this verse, I think is so good. This is where I want to I want to get to, brothers and sisters. See that ye be not troubled. See that you be not troubled. Don't be shaken. Don't get nervous. Don't worry. He has this all under his control. See that you be not troubled. For all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. Amen. So even though we see that happening, keep hoing your potatoes. Amen. That means the plant is already growing. It's already been happening in the garden and you know that as the plant grows, it actually needs to be healed. And that's what brother Brandham was talking about. There's already something happening. You're already busy doing something. You're putting hand towards something. Just do it with all of your might. And if you look at the book of Ecclesiastes, that's what it says in there. What you put your hand to, do it with all your might. Just keep going. Don't be troubled. Don't worry. Ho your potatoes like he's coming in a hundred years from now. My goodness. But live like he's coming tomorrow. Don't be bashful to tell people about this this gospel that we we know that we hold so dear to us. See that you be not troubled, for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. For nation shall rise against nation, kingdom against kingdom. And there shall be famines and pestilence and earthquakes in diverse places. All these are the beginning of sorrows. All of these are the beginning of sorrows. And you know my they shall deliver you up to be afflicted and shall kill you. And ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake. And then shall many be offended and shall betray one another and shall hate one another. And many false prophets shall rise and shall deceive many. And because of iniquity because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. But he that shall endure to the end, the same shall be saved. And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached into all the world for a witness unto all nations. And then the end shall come. And you know, we we've said it before and I believe it with all my heart. With the way technology is these days and the efforts that people have put forward, it isn't really a big stretch of the imagination to be able to say that this scripture has already been fulfilled. This day, this scripture is fulfilled. This gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations. Amen. And then the end shall come. But to think, brothers and sisters, God who is rich in mercy, Amen. One more time has called us to come and dine. One more time to fellowship around these things. Amen. Hallelujah. What a tremendous thing it is. We know these things and we don't need to be afraid. But I just wanted to make sure that we talked about this. Matthew 24, the middle part of verse 6. See that you be not troubled. As we look around and we see these things, don't worry about it. Don't think for a second that there's coming a time where you're suddenly going to have the mark of the beast and you're just going to get caught off guard and suddenly you're going to be worshiping this one who calls himself God and sets as God in the temple of God. You're not going to be worshiping that guy if you get the Holy Ghost. But if you choose not to get the Holy Ghost, you might. Right? So, we just need to make sure that we're preaching the truth in season. brothers and sisters. And I think for for for the realization to know how close we must be to the very end. What else is there to preach? We can talk about the different things. And sure enough, we have teaching. But you know, there's nothing else more important to us than to know that we have the Holy Ghost, that we have the seal of God in our lives, that we're actually teaching our children that they need to have the Holy Ghost in their life. And that the children might not the children might not even see it in the parents. They might look at the parents and say, "You got a temper like a buzzsaw. How could you have the Holy Ghost?" You know, we all are human. We all have weaknesses. We all have strengths. And the devil knows them. And he's going to try and manipulate them to try and throw people off. And more than anything, he wants to try and throw us off. I want to say this today. Have you ever got to the place where you're so disgusted with yourself, you don't even want to look at yourself in the mirror? Anybody ever been there? The devil knows how to do that to us. But isn't it wonderful that the spirit of God comes around and says, "Get up." Amen. You're a son of God. That's the devil that does that to us, brothers and sisters. And we don't have to stay down. What that is is a giant down in the valley boasting, blaspheming the tabernacle of God and his name. I think it's so important to see that how the rubber meets the road in the day in which we live. When we can see the devil coming around and trying to mess with us, we can push him back. We don't have to tolerate him. Amen. Coming into our our lives and trying to mess things up everywhere we go, everywhere we look. You know, in our scripture today out of Matthew chapter 13, I wanted to talk about the uh the the relevance, the significance of Revelations chapter 13. I've said it a few times in the past when I was preaching, saying that Revelation 13 is unfolding before our eyes. And I I believe it with all my heart. Truly, it is. And you know, if uh if we just go back to Revelations chapter 13, I just want to read this here. the the first couple verses it says Revelation 13:1 and I stood upon the sand of the sea and saw a beast rise up out of the sea having seven heads and 10 horns and upon his horns 10 crowns and upon the heads the name of blasphemy. So, we know that this one here is the same one that's in verse six, who opens his mouth and blasphemy against God, blaspheme his name and his tabernacle and them that dwell in heaven. But it's interesting to see that this one, he rose up out of the sea. This one rose up out of the sea. If you were to just go back a little bit to Revelations 12, it's kind of an interesting comparison. Revelations 12:1 says, "And there appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed in the sun and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of 12 stars. And she being with child cried travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered. And there appeared another wonder in heaven. And behold, a great red dragon having what? Having seven heads and 10 horns and seven crowns upon his heads. And his tail drew the third part of the stars of heaven, and did cast them to the earth. And the dragon stood before the woman, which was ready to de to be delivered for to devour her child as soon as it was born. And we know the story here. I'm not going to go any further with that right now. But I I just wanted to make sure that we sort of highlighted that comparison so that when we read this in Revelations chapter 13, we understand who this beast is. This is not just some other beast. It's not just some other figure. The anointing behind this is the same one as Revelations 12. The exact same identification. uh seven heads and 10 horns and upon his heads 10 crowns and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. This is the devil. This is the devil power coming to the earth and manifesting now through Revelations 13. First we look at it and it's the devil, that red dragon in heaven. But there came a time where that devil was kicked out of heaven with the minions, with the angels that he actually disturbed and got them to leave their first estate. And what happened was he brought that down to earth. And and here we are now in the midst of it. And we're able to see this. But I just wanted to take a little bit of time today and talk about this scripture here. In verse two, it says, "And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion, and the dragon gave him his power and his seat, and great authority." Brother, are you able to bring up that picture that I sent last week? That that creature for the United Nations? The beast which I saw, this is John the Revelator talking about this. We know that he was caught up in the Lord's day. He was caught up into another dimension. The beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion. And the dragon gave him his power and his seat and great authority. And you know, I was doing a little bit of reading about this and I think it's important to mention it. There's a significance behind this creature and it's not the creature and it's not the people that made the creature and it's not the country so much as it is the power behind it. what that creature is representing. The United Nations, the nations coming together, united for peace. United to bring peace and order to the world. This is the United Nations. And we know that the the creature, I maybe mentioned it last time, I don't know if I did. I apologize if I didn't. It was created by a couple of artists in Mexico and and donated to the United States. the United Nations. And there's an inspiration behind that. I don't really want to get too far into that, but I just think the significance is is pretty unreal when when you look at it. Why would the inspiration be to make it as a leopard and to have feet like a bear and his mouth as the mouth of a lion? And you know, this beast has no power. It's just a sculpture. And people would say it's fine art, you know, and and sure enough, it is. It's pretty neat to think that somebody could actually create something like that. and and and be able to give it as a gift. It's it's amazing. But what's the inspiration behind it? I think the wise have the ability to discern things like this. And if you look online, they will say that, oh, some people say that this is the manifestation of the end times and the apocalypse is upon us when this is here. And you know, we don't need this to be able to say amen to all of that. We had a vindicated prophet that told us it's later than we think. But when we can look at natural occurrences, things that are actually happening around us, and and be able to see that we can draw a parallel with scripture, I I think that's the Lord we serve. He doesn't leave us in the dark. It's amazing to see this. That's okay, brothers. You can you can turn it off now. I just want to make sure that we we brought that up. And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard. His feet were like of a bear and his mouth is the mouth of a lion. And that's the representation of it. But the dragon gave him his power and his seat and great authority. So what we're talking about here isn't so much that that that sculpture and and maybe the the inspiration behind the creation of it. Sometimes I think people have inspiration and they don't even understand why they have inspiration. And I'm sure if you were to talk to maybe music artists and ask them why you had the inspiration to write songs like you wrote, they would say, "I don't know. It just came to me. It just in a certain way, in a certain setting, in a certain place and time, the inspiration strikes and I just pick up my pen and write." Isn't that interesting? It sounds a little familiar, doesn't it? Inspiration can get behind a pen in the hand of a person. Many songs come from inspiration. But you know, there's only two sources of inspiration, isn't there, in this world. The prophet of God says, "We don't even have a thought coming." I know. I remember hearing ministers say that, and I thought, "Wow, that's just a legalistic minister." But the prophet of God said that we we've got one of two voices to listen to. We've got the Lord in our life or we've got the devil in our life. And we can choose which one we listen to. But here we have this beast that that rises up. It's got seven heads and 10 horns. Upon his horns, 10 crowns and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. A and this beast which I saw that we just saw the picture of. He has authority. He has power and he has a seat that the dragon gave him. It's pretty amazing to think about. So now let's move from the sculpture and let's talk a little bit about the United Nations because that's what we're talking about. That's the seat. That is the authority and that is the power. And we know that every single country that wants to be a part of this can be a part of this. But they have to be a part of this the way that they have decided this is the way it works. And some of the countries have backed out of it and said forget about it. We're not going to try and create an alliance and do things the way that you want to do it because it's in the United States of America. And and those countries, they will never be governed by the United States of America and namely the communist countries. And we know that the prophet in our day, he said that you don't have to fear communism. You don't have to fear Nazism, but you should fear something. He said you should fear one thing. And that one thing is the purple curtain. Amen. And that purple curtain is Rome. Amen. It's so interesting and maybe even contrary to the way that this world thinks. But you know, how will the devil take over this entire world? How will he have such great authority and power that the entire world will worship him and not even realize it? We know that he was created co-equal with God just that he can't create. But this this beast which he saw that had power and a seat and authority. And he goes on to say here, John preaching this, he says, writing this under inspiration in the spirit on the Lord's day, and I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death, and his deadly wound was healed, and all the world wandered after the beast. And we know that this is the Roman Catholic Church. If you look at the horse riders and and and the uh the seals, brother Brandham talks about this. He talks about it very clearly in there. And I just have a couple of quotes that I'm going to bring today. I'm not going to be a quote reader today and go too far with them, but there are a couple that I want to mention, but just talking about this here, how this beast is there was a head that was wounded unto death and we know this deadly wound was healed. Brother Bradom says very clearly this was the Catholic Church in the early days and and it was a shift from the way the Roman church operated in the early days. A and we know that it almost died because the people got fed up with it and rose up against it. A and what happened was that was the wound to its head. And somehow that beast, he's conniving. He wasn't willing to just lay down and die. So what did he do? He changed his mask and we know that the prophet talked about that in morph. God does it and the devil does it. And what happened was it shifted from the way the Roman Catholic Church did it and it shifted to paple Rome. A and so what it is now is there is a vicor to Christ. There is a pope that sits on the on the throne and he has the triple crown. We know that there is a verse at the end of Revelation chapter 13. It says, uh, maybe verse 17 at the end of it, it says, "And no man might by ourselves, save he that hath the marker, the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is the wisdom. Let him that hath understanding, count the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man." Brother Brandham talks very specifically about numbers and the significance of numbers and the biblical numerology. And and number six specifically is the number of a man. And we know that number six, it goes into the sixth seal, the sixth church age. There's many different parallels that we can draw with it. The six is the number of the man. But it says here, for it is the number of a man, and it is the number is 600, three score, and six. Many people are looking for a mark that they're going to have to put on their hand or on their forehead. And we've talked about this in the past. It's actually the thoughts towards the action and then the action that comes forward in the day in which we live. It's not going to be a physical mark before the church of the living God gets to go home. It's actually going to be a spiritual mark. And you know, it's as simple as this. To reject the baptism of the Holy Ghost is to accept that mark. We know that there was a time where the prophet saw a vision and he was told that there should be an angel. There should be a group of men that actually go and walk through the city and find those that are sighing and crying for the abominations that are in the land. And one of those men should take an inhorn with him and go and set a mark upon those which actually sigh and cry for the abominations. and everyone else, women, children, old, young, men, whoever it is, slay them, destroy them, and have no mercy upon any one of them. We can see that as a natural type, and how there's many times in history that that's happened, and it's it's terrible to think about. But what's worse is that the devil is actually going to have his way with all of the people that don't actually sigh and cry for the abominations in the land. Brother Bradom, he says it many times. We know it. The true baptism of the Holy Ghost, it causes us to say amen to the word every time. And we know that that's the identification of it is to be able to agree with the word for every time. But he also says the identification of the baptism of the Holy Ghost is sighing and crying for the abominations in the land. Amen. There's going to be a mark set upon each one. And one way or another, we're going to have a mark. And if we don't accept the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we've already accepted that mark. And that is the mark of the beast. And we know that the natural types of spiritual, the natural marking of people is going to come after the spiritual. Amen. That's the way it is in the word of God. And that's the way it will be here in Revelations chapter 13. What I want to talk about today is Revelations chapter 13 and the relevance with Revelations chapter 13 and the United States of America. Brother Brandham, I believe it is the only one that has ever drawn the parallel with Revelations chapter 13 being the United States of America. Revelations chapter 13, the beast which I saw, this is verse two, was like unto a leopard. His feet were the feet of a bear. His mouth has a mouth of a lion. The dragon gave him his power and his seat and his great authority. Now, we've already talked about the United Nations here. United Nations is in New York. And I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death and his deadly wound were healed. And all the world wondered after the beast. Isn't it interesting how those two are tied together now? Rome and the United States of America, the the UN. But the Pope never says anything about the UN. You don't see the pope go to the United Nations and address the United Nations. Maybe he has. I don't know if he has, but you don't hear about Rome coming to be a part of the United Nations. This is under the surface, brothers and sisters. And they worshiped the dragon which gave power unto the beast. And they worshiped the beast, saying, "Who is like unto the beast? Who is able to make war with him?" My And then you see verse five. And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies and power was given unto him to continue 40 and two months. And we know when we excuse me when we read this the power was given unto him to continue 40 and two months. How many knows how many years that is? Coincidentally it's exactly what the prophet in our day brought. That's three and a half years. Exactly three and a half years. And we know many people are looking for the great tribulation to be seven years. But what they're missing is that Messiah was cut off in his ministry. He was cut off in the first three and a half years of his seven-year ministry. That's what the prophet in our day taught. Amen. And there's going to be three and a half years or 40 and two months. And there's no coincidence that if you see over in Revelations, uh my I think it's in Revelations 11, there's the two witnesses. I probably have it wrong, but the two witnesses, he says, I'll give power unto my two witnesses. And what are they going to do? They're going to minister their ministry for how long? 40 and two months. Exactly. According to the scripture that we're talking about here. So, this guy is going to have his power 40 and two months when he truly comes to manifestation, which he already is in position. Now, you can see it. And I'm not talking about a physical man. I'm talking about the power, the authority, the seat that we can already see in the United States of America. But you know, we I I'll never forget it. Sometimes you just hear a sermon preached and you hear somebody say something and brother Joshua one time he preached and he talked about the United States of America in Revelations chapter 13 and how they have 13 stars and 13 stripes. And if you look at the flag today, there isn't 13 stars on the flag. And there's more than 13 stripes, I believe, on the flag today. But there was a flag that was exactly 13 stars and 13 stripes. And that came out in 1777. That flag was the flag that flew until they came out with this new modern version of the flag of the United States. But sometimes when we're Canadians, we can look at it and think, "Yeah, 13 stars, 131 131 13, Brother Random talks about it. We're exclusive. We're Canadians. We're not a part of that. But I I was blown away when I heard brother Joshua say it. Don't think that we're not tied to the United States of America. We're on the same continent after all. But really, it is an invisible line like we here spoke about recently. It really is an invisible line. They have borders there, but that doesn't stop anything spiritually. There's no no stopping all of the influence that's going on in this world. But when we look at at what's going on in Canada, we have 13 13 uh colonies, don't we? We have 10 provinces and three territories. Isn't it interesting how we're 13 as well? It's no coincidence. I remember brother Joshua preaching that and I was like, "Wow, that's incredible." Yeah. 10 provinces and three territories. 13 ties us directly together with the United States of America. We're not exclusive. Anybody in this world is not exclusive, though. This is just the seat of the power and authority. This is just where it's coming up out of. And and we can look at this and say we we we we read that John said he saw a beast rise up out of the sea. We we need to maybe talk about this for a minute. Just the beast portion of it and and the sea in in out of 1964, the feast of the trumpets. Just talking about the beast. Now it says in paragraph 205. And now you see what the beast is, don't you? It's a power. It's not a person and it's not a it's not a a a place or a thing necessarily. And and we know that there's coming a time where the the devil isn't it beautiful. The devil I I just think it's so important, brothers and sisters, to remember this. Revelations, oh my. the devil, he's going to be cast into the lake of fire where the beast and the false prophet are. Right? That's coming. And I think it's important for us to remember that. Remember that that that's happening. But I I think before maybe I was studying all this, I always thought there's going to be a guy that's going to be the beast. But what it is is that power is going to be thrown into the lake of fire. And we know that death is going to be thrown into the lake of fire. Hell is going to be thrown into the lake of fire. All denominationalism is going to be thrown into the lake of fire. Anybody whose name was not found written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world, they're going to be thrown into the lake of fire. It was created for the devil and his angels. But some people choose to go there. Isn't it wonderful that we serve a God that gave us the ability to have free moral agency? We're able to choose our destiny. The only thing is he knows what choice we would make. So beautiful in in in the feast of the trumpets in paragraph 205. And now you see what a beast is, don't you? It's a power and a power. Ecclesiastical power. An ecclesiastical power. A religious power. You think the beast would be the great monster coming up out of the sea that maybe looks like the United Nations uh leopard there that we saw. It's going to be something scary. It's not going to be. Brother Brandham says it very clearly in questions and answers just after feast of the trumpets. He talks about how scary it really is because it's an ecumenical move. Amen. It's not accepting the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's being a denomination of one. It's saying, "I'm going to take the message of the hour and make it what I want it to be." We've got to make ourselves what the message of the hour said we ought to be. a and a and a and a power an ecclesiastical power. Jesus said it' be so close like the real thing. It had deceived the very elected if it was possible. See, brother Barry isn't just making this up here. This is what the prophet's saying. It'll be that close, brothers and sisters. That's why we're crying out about it if it was possible. But it's not possible. Why not? Because you can't deceive God. We're not talking about deceiving one another. We're talking about getting his mind inside of you so that nobody can deceive you. Not even the beast himself. Not even that power, not even that seat or authority. It can't come close. It didn't deceive the elected if it was possible. But he promised to have something here for us in that day that we wouldn't be deceived. And that's the word and Christ to make it manifest to us. Isn't that beautiful? They're supernaturals, devils, unseen to the eye. But you can see what they're doing. See, when we excuse me, when we look at the occurrences that are happening in this world and and we see the behaviors of the governments and we see what's going on, we can see this. We've been given the ability to see it, but it gives us the the hope. It gives us the strength and the courage to not be afraid to know who is in complete control. So this this beast, it rises up out of the sea. Isn't that an amazing thing to think that it rises up out of the sea? And you know, it's pretty simple. Brother Brandham says that the sea is water, right? No, he doesn't say that. He doesn't say that. We can look at this and I know sometimes you hear people interpret the book of Revelations and they take it quite literally and say that you know the the devil he's he's coming up out of the sea and John was sitting on the on the beach. He was sitting on the beach in the sand and he was just relaxing and he saw this beast rise up out of the water. That's not what took place. He saw the beast rise up out of people. The beast rose up out of people. The sea represents people. And we know that he talks about this later on in the book of Revelation. And before the throne of God, he saw a sea of glass. And brother Brandham brings it out very clearly and says that is people's, tongues, and nations. It is people. It's humans. That is the sea that he's talking about. That's where this beast rises up from people. in 1963 and look away to Jesus. Talking about the sea and a bit about the dragon 1963 look away to Jesus. He says there's coming a time upon this nation. Isn't it amazing? We need to remember where he's preaching this. He's preaching it in Jeffersonville, Indiana. He's not in any other continent, in any other country. There's coming a time upon in this nation to where this nation is going to exercise all the power that the beast had before it which was pagan Rome when it became papal Rome. See that this nation will do that. And to think about it, there's never been a president in the United States of America so bold as the one that's there now. He's not afraid to open his mouth and just say whatever he wants to say. And you know what? God bless him. He should. He can't stop the will of God. He can't stop the children of God. In fact, what he could do is help expedite things. I think he could actually help our cause. But you can see him calling an ecumenical move for prayer in the United States of America. And you know what I want to say today, just so anyone would know it, I'm not for or against Trump. I'm not for or against Carney. I'm not for or against any government in this world. I'm for Christ. Amen. And you know, Brother Brandham even says it, as believers, we ain't got no part taking part in a political move. Because every single political move is of the devil. The only one that isn't is God. Some might hear Brother Barry talk, and I do talk about Trump. I'll say it, and you've heard me say it. I made the mistake of saying, "Brother Trump one time. You know what? I want to say this, brothers and sisters. The prophet in our day said, "We're going to be surprised one day when we get over there. Who is there and who isn't there?" Amen. Is he going to be there? I don't know. Maybe he's the beast. Maybe he's the false prophet. Maybe he's a brother. Right? That ain't up to us to decide. That's up to God to decide. Amen. I'm not supporting him. Don't get me wrong. I know that he has some very very sketchy things in his life and he's going to answer for them. I'm only going to look towards my things and and make sure that my things aren't sketchy. I don't want to be sketchy and I'm not going to say anything. But I I just think it's amazing when you see someone with so much boldness to say the things that he says. Does it not line up with what we're talking about here? He opened his mouth in blasphemy. You see him calling for prayer and calling for people ministry all over the place to come and pray for him and and and they do in droves. They love that they've got a president that's in the United States giving them the religious liberties that they once had that the other governments were persecuting against. But what's actually taking place, brothers and sisters? Don't think for a second we're going back to a a Holy Ghost revival in the United States of America or in Canada. That's not what's taking place. Pap Rome is moving in for its position. That's right. There is coming a time upon this nation to where this nation is going to exercise all the power that the beast had before it which was pagan Rome when it became papal Rome. See that this nation will do that. Revelations 13 plainly explains it. We didn't go on to to read about it. Let maybe let's just read this. We've got a couple minutes here before we're going to have to close. It's amazing how time goes. Verse 7 in Revelations chapter 13. And it was given unto him to make war with the saints and to overcome them. And power was given him over all kindreds and tongues and nations. and all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. If any man hath an ear, let him hear. If you have an ability to hear this, brothers and sisters, you've got an ear. He has given you the ability to know that your name has been written in the lamb that was slain before the foundation of the world in that book. And and your name is written with blood. It can't be erased. Amen. Verse 10 says, "He that leadth into captivity shall go into captivity. He that kleth with a sword must be killed with a sword." Here is the patience and the faith of the saints. And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth, and he had two horns like a lamb. And he spake as a dragon. We have all this symbolism. It's amazing to think about. But we have a prophet in our day, backwoods hillbilly from Kentucky had the ability to say that this little lamb that rose up with two horns. Lambs don't have horns, do they? This little lamb that rose up with two horns, it actually matches the American buffalo. Exactly. He says that it matches the American buffalo. And he positionally places Revelations chapter 13, the United States of America right here with that. I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth, not the sea, but the earth. And he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon. And he exercisth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast whose deadly wound was healed. And we've had the prophet say, we just read that, whose deadly wound was healed. It went it went from from pagan Rome where they had all the pagan gods where they destroyed millions and millions. Brother Brandham talks about the red horse rider and he says the reason that guy is red is for all of the people that he killed. But we know it's the same beast. It's the antichrist spirit going through all the different ages. But the reason he was red in that age for that time, it was because of all the people that he killed. But it was pagan Rome at the time. And it shifts to papal roman. And it's going to exercise all the power of the first beast before him that causth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast whose deadly wound was healed. So we know that's Rome. And he doeth great wonders so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. Now unfortunately I don't have that quote with me for 13. Revelations 13:13. Isn't that an interesting parallel right there? But what I want to say is brother Bradom says that that's already taken place. That's already happened. The United States of America, Revelations chapter 13, is already called fire down from heaven in the sight of all men in Hiroshima and Nagasaki. It's taken place. This is history. And deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he hath power to do in the sight of the beast. Rome sits by and watches paple Rome watches this take place my my saying to them that dwell on the earth that they should make an image to the beast which had the wound by a sword and did live and what is the image of the beast image unto the beast is the ecumenical move it is all of the nominal Christians that don't accept this word of the vindicated prophet. All of the churches that claim Jesus Christ, they are the ones he's speaking about here. And I know some people might be wincing at that, getting upset. But, you know, we've already said it. To reject the baptism of the Holy Ghost is to receive the mark of the beast. That is the way it is. That's where we're at, brothers and sisters. In verse 15, it says, "And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast." Oh, those churches can exist. They can still operate. They can still have charitable organization numbers. They can still function and worship. They can still have all that they want to do so long as they're willing to actually do it the way that they want it. He had power to give life unto the image of the beast. that the image of the beast should both speak and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. Now, we're we'll get into all of this. I just wanted to read this here. Verse 16. And he causth all both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond. Doesn't matter who it is. Every single human being on the earth, no matter what your stature is, where you live, or what you're doing, to receive a mark in their right hand or in their foreheads, that no man may buy or sell, save he that hath the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is the wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast, for it is a hu the number of a man, and his number is 63 score and six. out of look away to Jesus. We we read this here. There's coming uh my I'm actually going backwards. I don't want to do that. I want to go forwards. You know, there's the the beast that rises, the seven heads and the 10 horns and the seven crowns. We we saw the parallel. We can understand it. how the beast was in heaven that that that dragon, he was able to influence and take away those angels to try and persuade them to think that there's something other than their estate, the position that they're in. There is a greater calling. And you know, many times that's the way the devil works today in the church. Maybe the the way that the church is operating, it's just maybe not as fascinating or as good as we would like it to be. Maybe there's deeper things being spoken of in different ways, but you know, God knows exactly what we need in the way that we need it. And and the devil is going to try and influence us to think that there's other ways that it should be done exactly like those angels were drawn away from. But those those those angels, they followed someone who had the the seven heads and the t horns. And it's exactly the same as the book of Revelation in chapter 13. But we know that the beast rose up out of a sea and it's a power. And you know, I just want to identify this in 1963 out of the fifth seal. The USA is definitely in the Bible. Brother Brandham, he says, "Now we find out that the beast of Daniel, it meant that it was a power raising up amongst the people." All right. And John's visions here also showed that it was powers, nations rising up like the United Nations appears in the sorry the United States appears in Revelations 13 as a lamb. Then if you want to know different, you say, well that's talking about national power. It also represents holy power too. A beast. Did you know that? I'll call the musicians as we close today. Notice Rebecca. When the servant of Abraham, Eleazar, when he came to get Rebecca, she mounted upon a camel, the very camel she watered. Amen. And she rode this camel to meet her unseen bridegroom. The very thing she watered was the thing that took her to her future home and husband. Right, brothers and sisters. I want to let that soak in today. The very thing that she watered was the thing that took her to her future home and husband. Prophet of God speaking here. And it's the same thing today. See, the very thing that the church is watering, that is the seed, the seed of the word. It's the very word that becomes alive and carries us to our unseeded bridegroom. [Music] Where is that word alive, brothers and sisters? Where do we water that word? Sure enough, we come into the church and we know that we get washed by the water of the word. The water of the word is raining down on the just and the unjust all at the very same time. The thing that's so beautiful is every single seed takes in that water. And every single seed grows and rejoices from the nourishment of that water. Amen. And there ain't no way we can hide what seed is inside of us. It's beautiful. Brother Brandham says, "And look how perfectly Isaac had left the home and was out in the fields away from his home when Rebecca saw him." And you know, I just think it's beautiful, brother Brandham. He says it in the church meets Christ in the air. Maybe stand with me as we close today. And the church meets Christ in the air. And then he takes her back into the home, father's home, where the mansions are promised. Isaac took Rebecca the same way. And notice it was love at first sight. Oh my. She just run to meet him. And that's the way the church will meet Christ in the air and forever be with him. Brothers and sisters, today I just want to say, make sure that we work work out our own salvation with fear and trembling. make sure that we diligently work out our calling and election and make sure that we water it. As long as we're watering it, the thing that we're watering is the thing that will take us home. We don't have to be afraid when we see all this nonsense going on in the world. All of these things that are upset and and and turned over and backwards and all of the different confusing things and ways that the governments are behaving and acting, they don't have to cause fear in our lives. My desire today is that we would have more encouragement, that we would have courage to see that God has this all under control, that he's given us the ability to understand it. He's given us an ear to hear what the spirit saith unto the church. Amen. God richly bless you today as we close in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your word and thank you Lord that we don't have to be afraid as we see these things happening. Lord, we can see that nations are rising against nations, kingdoms against kingdoms, pestilence and earthquakes. Oh father, so many different things taking place even in our day in which we live, Lord. Having to see a pandemic take place where the whole world shuts down at the same time. So many things you've given us to see, Lord, in the day in which we live. And we're thankful, Lord Jesus, because we have the desire to worship you in spirit and in truth. And that only comes by your spirit living out through us. Father, I pray that Lord, if there's anybody here today that desires to know you more, Father, that desires the true baptism of your Holy Spirit, that Lord, you would just grant it to them in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, we know that while while Peter yet spake these words, your spirit fell on a whole bunch of people. Lord, we know that, Father, it's not our words, Lord. It's your word that brings life. And Father, we just ask that Lord, you would bless everyone who has the desire, Lord. And anybody that maybe has grown a little bit cold in their experience, Father, that desires more of you, that you would grant it to them, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, I lift my hand unto you and say, Lord, I need more. Father, we love you and we thank you for your goodness and your tender mercies to us. We pray that you would just be with each one now as we go our separate ways, Lord. Be with those who couldn't come today for whatever the reason, Lord. wherever they're at, maybe traveling or working. Father, we just want to ask Lord that you would go with us now as we go our separate ways that we would consider the words that were spoken today, Father. And Lord, if we have any questions, Lord, we know it's a scriptural question. There has to be a scriptural answer for it, Lord Jesus. We love you and we thank you. We just ask all these things now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Is so glad to trust in Jesus. Is so sweet. Is so sweet. It is so sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to take him at his word. just to rest upon his promise. Just to know the [Music] savior. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I through him more and more Jesus. Jesus preious Jesus. Oh for grace to trust him. Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood. I saw faith to touch me the healing cleansing blood. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I prove him more and more Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Yes, it's sweet to trust in Jesus. Just cross from and to sea. Just from Jesus taking life and rest and joy and peace. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I [Music] glor Jesus. Jesus. Preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust in. I'm so glad I learned to trust him. Precious and I know that Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus, Jesus. Precious Jesus. Oh, praise to trust him more. Amen. Can we sing 9005? We don't have any need to fear, brothers and sisters, because we've already been justified. Amen. and who he's justified. He's already glorified. We're already sitting with him in heavenly spaces. I was sitting alone and wondering about what I'm supposed to do. I can't deny the times I've made mistakes. Can't hide from him, can you? But I know that deep within my soul I feel sorry. So I try and [Music] say justify justify. You have my money in the first place. Justify, justify, justify. You have not done it in the first place. I so [Music] I promise I victorious. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. [Music] [Music] Just [Music] you just remember that we look at you [Music] perfectly. Yeah. You are now [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] You have not in the first place. [Music] Amen. As that special was going on this morning, I just couldn't help but think I just feel like traveling on. Can we sing 438 today? [Music] You feel like traveling on going to that city whose builder and maker is God. Hi, my heavenly holy cry. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, heat, [Music] heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] We've got a promise. We've got a promise. Amen. Brothers and sisters, take the name of Jesus with you. Amen. Sing that chorus as we dismiss today. [Music] Oh, take the name of Jesus. God bless you today. Shout of sorrow and joy and comfort you. Thank you everyone. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Precious precious name. [Music] Oh, heaven. [Music] God, holy [Music] Lord in the Oh, precious. [Music] Christmas. [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. [Music] We glor [Music] Amen. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
