################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - 2025-05-07 - Bro. John Panicker - John Panicker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-07
Title:    2025-05-07 - Bro. John Panicker
Speaker:  John Panicker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jc-HZtDlVEg
========================================

Description:
Bro. John Panicker
Wednesday, May 7th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord to each one of you. May God bless you richly for making the effort tonight to come and worship the Lord to hear be changed from glory to glory. Let's stand as we sing that from glory to glory. He's changing me. What a wonderful promise. Not us changing ourselves. He's changing us from glory to glory. He's changing me. Changing me. changing me. His likeness and image turn perfect in me. The love of God showed to the world. Oh, he's changing changing me from earthly things to the heavenly. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. Glor is changing changing me from earthly things to the heavenly his likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God showed [Music] to. Oh, the windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. Oh, there's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus makes everything right. Oh, I gave him my old tag and he gave me a roll of blue and I'm feasting [Music] today. That's why I'm happy tonight. Oh yes. The windows in heaven are coming. The blessings are falling tonight. Oh, there is joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus, things can be right. He gave him my old tag garden and he gave me a robe of pure wine and I'm feasting today. And that's why I'm happy. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? I'm accepting the word of the Lord. It's the revealed word that's been spoken by the prophet of man. Oh, brother Harvey, would you come over here for a second? Can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, yes. I've accepted the word of God. So God for a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, we say thank you Lord for this privilege and this opportunity Lord to come to the house of God and worship you and sing these songs of praise. Yes. God, I pray that you would anoint the speaker, Lord. Anoint those lips, Lord, and help them to get ourselves out of the way. Help us, Lord Jesus, to get ourselves out of the way to receive what you have for us tonight, Lord. I pray you bless these people, the words, song of Jesus Christ. Thank you. Amen. God bless you. Tonight, you have your seats. be seated in the heavenly places. I was uh listening I think to the second seal here yesterday and brother Brad just talks and we've heard it. We've all heard it. You said think about it. All those reformers all through those ages through the seven church ages had partial light. Prophets look for this. They saw way beyond saw the age we're living in. And we have it all. We have the full word revealed. Just when you think about the seals, how how the angel of the Lord came in every room to run grand and said, "This is the way it's going to be." Raph said, "I had no idea what that seal would be every single morning." Think about the privilege we have. I I I you know, it's it's it's uh it's a time to count on your blessing. I don't know. It just hit me some kind of extra deep this today when I heard that all those things are tied up. All the lights come. We are living in that glorious light. We are blessed. Brother John. Agree. He's I just enjoy brother John's personality. He just says you're blessed. You're just blessed. You're just always blessed. I love that. Looking forward to hearing what the Lord has placed on his heart tonight. Let's sing it. Count your blessings. When upon life, you are templess. When you are this sinking, all is lost. Just count your many blessings in them one by one and it will surprise you what the Lord have done. Oh yes. Now your blessings make them one by one. Oh your blessings. See what God. Oh yes, count your blessings. Name them one by one. Oh yes, just count your many blessings. See what [Music] God [Music] border does the cross you are called to bear. Just count your many blessings every doubt will fly and you will be singing as it [Music] is. Oh yes, your blessings by one. your blessings. See what God has done. Oh God, your blessings. Name them one by one. Oh yes. Count your many blessings. See what God. When you look at others with their land and gold, think that Christ has promised you as [Music] wealth. Count your many blessings cannot your reward in [Music] heaven. Oh yes. Your blessings one by one. Your blessings God. Oh yes. Your blessings. Oh God. So many blessings. See what God soul up in the conflict [Music] whether give you to your journey Your blessings be my [Music] God. Your blessings. See what God. Oh, just count your blessings. They do one by one. Oh, count your blessings. See what God. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul, oh my soul, worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, the sun comes up. It's a new day gone. It's time to sing your song again. whatever may pass and whatever lies before me. Let me be singing when the evening comes. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name. Oh, you're rich in love and you're slow to go. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your I will keep on [Music] singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my I worship his holy name. Oh sing like never Lord. Oh my soul I'll worship [Music] you. Oh bless the Lord. Oh my soul, my soul and worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Oh, you're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. 10,000 praises for my heart to my Oh Lord bless the Lord for my soul. I worship your holy name. Oh sing. Oh my soul, I worship [Music] you. For one, so a [Music] changeless one. For you're my God of peace. Oh yes, Lord of all. I depend on you. I call out to [Music] you again on you. I call out to you [Music] again. Oh, you are my God in time of trouble. You [Music] me all through this world your [Music] life. My hope is in you. [Music] alone. Oh faithful one, so changing one. Oh, you're [Music] my above all. I depend on you. I call out to you again. I call out to you again and again. everyone else. You are my God. time. [Music] You me when [Music] I walk all through the stor [Music] your hope is in you alone. My hope is in you alone. Hallelujah. As brother John comes, [Music] consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Lord, and make me more like you. Isn't that all I desire tonight? Oh, pray me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be Lord. Oh come to me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Bless me, Lord. And you might go by you. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. It's wonder to be wonderful to be in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Glory to God. While we are standing, you know, I think we should start with the verse. If we can take out Daniel, chapter [Music] 9, verse 20 to 23. God bless you, my brother, sisters. Yeah. Okay. And while I was speaking and praying and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel, and presenting my supplication before the Lord my God for the holy mountain of my God. Yay. while I was speaking in prayer, even the man Gabriel, whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning, being caused to fly swiftly, touched me about the time of the evening oblation, and he informed me and talked with me, and said, "Oh Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding." That's it. And we'll go in prayer. Thank you aba heavenly father for this wonderful time that you've given us. You've given us an opportunity to be present here Lord in your presence Lord. We dedicate ourselves to you Lord and we recognize and we acknowledge that there is nothing good in us Lord. There is nothing that we could have done to merit this grace Lord. It is absolutely your love and your mercy towards us Lord that you have taken us out of this world brought us here in your presence Lord paid for our sins Lord and washed us with your blood Lord. There is absolutely nothing we could have done. We acknowledge that Lord we know it Lord but we thank you that you have made a way Lord. You have given us a provided way where we can approach you Lord. I thank you Lord. And we also pray for our sister Michelle, Lord. She isn't feeling well. Touch her, Lord. Heal her, Lord, completely. And restore her, Lord. And we also pray for our brother Tabis. So, Lord, he's down with a cold, Lord. Have mercy upon him. Lord, restore him, Lord. And Lord, we know whatever we ask in your name in a prayer, Lord, we already believe that we have received it, Lord. We thank you, Lord. And we also pray for our pastor Lord. Wherever he is, Lord, be with him. Help him. Guide him Lord. Lord and also Lord we consecrate our hearts and our minds Lord. We want to hear from you Lord. Take this vessel Lord and speak to us Lord. I am here to learn. Lord speak to us. Lord give us from your heavenly mana Lord. We ask this small prayer in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may please be seated. Pretty interesting times that we are living in right now. Recently we got to know that the pope expired. Then there is wars everywhere and see I think yesterday day before yesterday there is a new war. Now India bombing Pakistan and you know the whole of uh Southeast Asia going into a turmoil there. Everybody's watching what is going to happen uh in these times. You know I I I saw it in the news. I'm not a political person whatsoever and I don't have any opinion who is right who is wrong but I saw a change in things. Uh what happened is I I saw this in the news basically and it stirred me up and uh I saw that you know uh it was of course it was afternoon here but in India and Pakistan it was night you know in the middle of the night India Indian planes went and they bombed you know certain uh terrorist camps they say in uh Pakistan and they destroyed it and the next day in the morning when uh you know there is a press conference called by the Indian government and I see that you know uh the people who are addressing the press there for a change it was you know two lady officers from the Indian army and from the Indian air force and uh a prelude to this what actually happened was that you know some terrorist went into India killed the male family members you know of certain terrorists there in cold blood just shot them you know right there in front of their families and India took this uh thing upon themselves and you know all those things happened. But the catch here was that you know for once I saw that you know uh uh from the army and from the air force they put the woman in front there and they were saying that you know what we avenged them. And when I looked at this you know on the natural side and on the spiritual I felt like you know it is time for the bride to get up now. You know things are changing. usually you know a military uh thing and you know army things you know these are all headed by men usually you know the journals and colonels and all those people but this time it was a a different thing altogether uh I'm not saying that it has got any you know significance but still you know I see it you know uh in the natural when things happen brother said that you know uh there is this bulakart age there is this automobile age and there is this uh astronaut age so when people are trying to reach mass you know set up colonies there the message moves along right you see so what you see in the spir in the physical also has you know uh certain implications in the spiritual also so uh looking at those things and you know like I said the economy is you know shaking everywhere there are tariffs and everybody's like you know confused if you know what is to be done and in the midst of all this confusion okay We have a place where we can rest. We know that it is not money that is going to save us. It is not gold that is going to save us. It is not our intelligence that is going to save us. You know, it is only purely the word of God. Amen. You know, because uh in the message uh broken systems and uh uh and another message, you know, brother Brandon said about uncertain sound. You know there is uncertainty everywhere but we have a place to be rested by the grace of God you know and we know that we are in safe hands and there is nothing that we need to do because everything has already been done for us. All we can do is just trust believe have faith. So coming to this uh uh a few days back you know I was sitting with uh my kids and we were uh having a morning altar and praying and you know a certain topic came to us and it was about how to pray how to you know reach out to God and when this was happening and I in my mind in my heart I thought you know it would be so nice if I could share this in the church also at some point in time you know because uh like I always say that you know we are special people we are not like common you know uh uh people I mean special when I say special I mean bought by the blood of Christ you know we are not just people who are struggling in life and you know don't know what to do just confused you know sometime praying to a tree sometimes praying to a you know an animal and you know doing all that no we have a very clear vision we know who we are so it helps you know and this is these are you know family secrets which have been handed down from Adam downwards to his own lineage. So these things are pretty much in the Bible. But the message in this last age has come up and opened up these mysteries and these things to you know and in this time basically and many prophets wanted to see you know our time when you know uh we will see a body change and you know people changing alive you know changing their bodies alive and going into heaven and the mysteries which are going to be opened you know the seven seals a lot of prophets including Daniel here wanted to see it but then you know the Lord said and it is not for you. Right? Okay. At the end time, you know, uh there will be a race. There will be people to whom it will be revealed. So, uh when we look at the scripture that we read here, you know, Daniel is making a supplication. He knows he read the book of Jeremiah and he knew by the books the calculation that you know about uh you know about two years is remaining. Okay. around about two years is remaining for our slavery and bondage in Babylon to get over. Now the important thing is that even if God has given a time that you know you will be in bondage for x amount of years, it is important and it behooves us as people to pray for it to come to pass. Okay? Because if you see uh in the book of Exodus when uh not just in the book of Exodus but in the book of Genesis when Abraham was giving an offering of sacrifice and by the way he got tired and you know he just doze off and when that happened God said that you know because you slept because you fell asleep your kids will go into slavery for 400 years. Now the prophecy was 400 years. Okay. But in reality, what had happened is when you look at the book of Exodus, people were there in Egypt and they were actually enjoying. They were not crying out to God for, you know, Lord, take us back to our promised land. You know, we are slaves here. They did not realize that they are slaves. They thought they are equal citizens. What is the problem? You know, okay, maybe we have uh, you know, we we have our rights. We can, you know, do whatever we want. We have freedom of speech. We have so many freedoms here, okay? In this country in Egypt. But they didn't realize it is not their country. You see, so then God is looking and you know God is waiting like okay 350 years over 400 years over. Nobody's asking you know nobody's saying you know God we want to go back home. This is not our place. Okay we might have big cars here, big houses here. We might be very successful but in spite of all this this is not our place. You know because this flesh always falls. You know we fall sick. We have so many problems here. This is not the you know brother said that uh this body is like a stinking urinal. No matter how much I deck it up with good clothes and you know uh you know all that denting painting and you know you know these days I saw here people putting eyelashes colored eyelashes like you know red and black and stuff. So no matter what you do, how beautifification, how much beautifification you do, eventually it is going to rot right you know when the Lord calls you back home even your family cannot keep this body. This is not our home. Okay. So at some point in time they had to cry out and cry out and say to Lord oh please let us out from here we don't want to stay. Okay. So this already happened with them and in the book of Exodus if you see it extended their slavery was supposed to be for 400 years but when it became 430 years and still nobody's asking you know nobody's saying we want to go back to Israel then you know God had no other choice. He rose up a pharaoh who did not know Joseph. That's what it says in the Bible. And now the pharaoh started persecuting them. Right. Persecuting them big time. Yes. Okay. Making them work overtime and you know doing all those things to them and just frustrating them to the core. And that is when you know people started shouting and they cried out oh my god this is not our place. This is not where we are supposed to be. You know there's freedom of speech, freedom of this, freedom of that. You know you can dress the way you want to. You can do what this is not. This is just an eyewash. This is not the place where we want to be, you know, forever because we have a new body waiting for us, a much better and magnificent place, you know, that the Lord has prepared for us and we cannot get you know cozy in this body. So we have to I mean you know at that point in time uh Amram from uh the tribe of Levi he got up he started praying and you have to also see you know when a godly parent okay when they pray they go on their knees God does move. Yes. Okay. And that is the way that you know our families and you know our see these things are all written in the Bible but these are family secrets for the children of Adam. Okay. Cain can only impersonate. Okay. He named one of the cities Ino. Okay. Cain. But that was just an impersonation. Right. Okay. He didn't have Ino. It was you know the lineage of Adam. The seventh from Adam was Ino and Ino saw body change. Okay. The same way we are the seventh from the uh you know first church age. This is the seventh church age which is coming to an end. Although we are living in the bride age but still this is the seventh church age which is going on which will see a body change. Okay. This is our promise. So in order to look at that now uh what we also want to do right now is just see how you know an individual who is sitting here in bondage in slavery is now getting on his knees 2 years before the time gets over because he knew what happened in Egypt. He knows that you know if we don't pray this bondage will go beyond although the prophecy is for 70 years it will still extend. Okay. So uh just like you know brother Brandham said you know I predict he said he he didn't say I prophesy he said I predict around 1977 okay now the thing here is that although dates might be given in the Bible in the book of Jeremiah he very clearly said you know 70 years okay you'll be in bondage so David started uh sorry Daniel started calculating he said now okay we are at 68 years now is the time when you know we have to start praying so that in 70 we are out of this place, out of bondage. Okay, just before the time comes. They didn't do it in the time of Egypt when they were in slavery. So, do you want to read it? Let's go to, you know, Exodus chapter 1. Uh, Exodus, the second book of the Bible. Yeah. uh chapter 1, I'll read from verse 7 onwards. And the children of Israel were fruitful and increased abundantly and multiplied and waxed exceedingly mighty and the land was filled with them. And you know what? Nothing is happening. They're happy and multiplying and you know just filling up Egypt. Okay? And uh now there arose up a new king over Egypt, which knew not Joseph. And he said unto his people, "Behold, the children of Israel are more and mightier than we. Come, let us deal wisely with them, lest they multiply." And it come to pass that when there fallth any fallth out any war, they join also our enemies and fight against us. So get them up out of the land. And therefore they did set over them task masters to afflict them with their burdens. And they built for and they built for the Pharaoh treasure cities, Pithome and Ramses. But more they but the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew. And they were grieved because the children of Israel. And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor. And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage in mortar, in break, and in all manner of service in the field. And the service wherein they made them serve was rigor. They made their life very hard. Very hard. Okay. And these uh Israeli people at that time, they didn't realize, you know, we're in bondage. They thought we are multiplying now. This is our country. We are more than you know the natives here. So you know we are almost like rulers and we can rule here and you know we've got political positions and all those things. They're happy and happy to the core. Didn't even realize that they're in bondage. You know that is the way things are. And the king of Egypt spake to the Hebrew midwives which of which the name of one was Cphara and the name of the other was Pua. And he said, "When ye do the office of the midwife of to the Hebrew woman and see them upon these stools, if it be a son, then he shall kill him. But if it be a daughter, then he shall then she shall live." But the midwives feared God and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but saved the men alive. And the king of Egypt called for the midwives and sent unto them that why have they you know all those things happened. Now what happens here is that you see it comes to a level where you know uh persecution starts happening. Okay. And this is exactly what you know also brother Brandham said before the rapture happens there will come a squeeze. Yes. Okay. Now this squeeze will motivate us to you know just recognize where are we standing right now. Okay. It'll give us the faith to go out of this place. Yes. Okay. So you know rapture the word rapture is not there in the Bible. Instead the Greek Bible says a word called harpazo. Harpazo means to snatch away. Okay. So that is what God is going to do. like you know he's going to come and snatch us away from this body. Okay. And put us in a new body. Yes. So now here it says that you know they were absolutely troubled. God you know made sure that you know they cry out. Also one more point I want to make here is that God does not forget. You know when they started persecuting the the Israelis they started killing the boys. Yes. you know small children and when they left Egypt okay when they left Egypt after say about 40 odd years okay and God did not forget right you know at one point in time they killed my children that's true and when the you know uh Passover came they are leaving for Isra The next day the angel of the death passed through Egypt and slaughtered not just the firstborn of Egypt but even the cattle. Okay. So you have to remember that you know God always remembers. He does. Okay. He does. So looking at this you know all these things that have happened in the past Daniel the prophet realized that you know what if we don't pray for redemption right now before the time ends okay we will be in bondage and our bondage will extend and if it extends then God will have to do something to make Let's pray for it. Okay. So before anything like that happens, Daniel being wise and he had the scriptures like we have today, he went ahead, he read and he now realized that you know there is only so much time left. Now I have to you know we have to start praying and you know getting ready to leave Babylon. Whereas if you see uh Daniel was the prime minister there. He was in a very good position in uh Babylon. Okay. and uh he was not uh like you know persecuted or he didn't have problems like that but in spite of being in a position of power Daniel still realized this is not my place this is not we where we are going to get blessings their blessings is tied in their land that is why even while dying Joseph you know and those patriarchs they said that you know don't leave our bones here right because they know that there is the resurrection coming a son of man coming and when he raises up you know our bodies even though we be dead we will also raise up with him so you know what I am dead I can't do anything and uh you know his father also you know he put their hands under his thighs and made them swear that you know what whatever happens don't leave my bones here okay because there was a resurrection which was supposed to happen and says the oldest book chronologically in the Bible is the book of Job. That's right. Okay. The book of Job was you know written I don't know when it was written but it happened before even before Abraham. So Job had seen in his vision that you know even if the skin worms eat this devour this flesh I shall see my redeemer with these eyes. Okay. And the place where he saw that is where he built the cave of Makfella. Okay. And that is the reason why these folks you know all the patriarchs Abraham and you know Abraham went there he said you know I want to bury my wife here. So uh the local person there said okay you can bury you are amongst you know you're like one of us so you can very well go ahead you know take the cave bury your wife there. No we have no problem. He said no I will pay and take this land so that later on you can never you know put a claim on this. This is my land. Okay. So that is why he went ahead he bought the cave of Makfella. He you know buried Sarah there and that is where you know almost everybody else was buried and that is where you know Joseph. So that is why they had this you know like I said these things are coming from family to family to family you know um I'm forgetting the name of the person there but you know the locals there did not know the significance of that cave right okay they thought it is just folklore or some story somebody is being saying all these things Job who knows about all that but Abraham knew that Job saw that place you know that is where he did it so that is why he went he purchased that place he put his dead there, buried them there. And then when Jesus rose up, all these people who were there, you know, they had, you know, they had this faith that even if we die, you know, our dead bones 2,000 years in that cave, they will still come back to life, you know. So, uh, because that is the kind of faith, you know, today the Abraham seed has. Abraham didn't see didn't he he didn't see that vision. It was Job who saw that vision and it was Job who you know looked at that mak as cave. Okay. So now coming back to the point when this happens uh Daniel coming back to Daniel now he knew that you know what this is what is going to happen. We are going to go out of this place our redemption is coming nigh. So then he sits down to pray. Now when he prays, you know, once again, like I said, there is a confidence in a believer's prayer because you know why? Uh there is another person who is praying in the Bible and you know he's mocking that is uh Elijah. Do you want to read it? He him making fun of the others in on Mount Carmel. I think it is uh first kings. Yeah, first kings. And uh you know like brother sometimes my Bibles pages stick together so it takes a little bit of time. Yeah. Here we go. Okay. Have it here. First Kings chapter 18. verse I would want to read from verse 20 so that you know um you get a little background of what is happening here 20 and 21 okay got it yeah I have sent unto the children of Israel and gathered prophets together okay so now what is happening here is a mount caramel showdown Elijah is fed up he's like you know the people sometimes they believe in bal sometimes they are like you know Elohim or you know Jehovah is God and now he says that you know what finally make up your mind are you going in the world or are you staying in the message okay you can't keep doing both you know half the time you are in the message rest of the times you are in the world sometimes you're behaving like a believer sometimes you're behaving like you know you don't know what is going to happen okay so here Elijah says that you know make up your point right okay if you are with Bal stay there if you are in the message stay here okay don't keep mixing don't you know sometimes uh you know you believe in God other times you don't believe you know sometimes you are uh scared other times you are like oh no yes yes yes you know so here is a decisive uh decision that they have to take okay so now coming to it uh we will read further so 21st verse we'll And Elijah came unto the people and said, "How long, how long halt E between two opinions? If Lord be God, follow him. But if Bal, then follow him." And the people answered him, "Not a word." They didn't have the confidence to say that, you know what, Lord is God. Okay. All right. Now, these are believers. These are Israeli people. Okay. So uh they are at this point in time they're like you know what we are kind of neutral you know we go with sometimes you know we are okay with what the world is teaching sometimes okay and sometimes you know we yeah I mean we have to go to the message because our parents were in the meetings you know they know about the prophet we are from a message background we are from a message family so yeah we have to follow it but on the contrary the works are all showing the other you know otherwise okay most of the time in the So they are not decisive here. So he says make up your mind. Now the next verse, then said Elijah unto the people, I even I only remain a prophet of the Lord, but Bal's prophets are 450 men. Let them therefore give us two bulocks, and let them choose one bulock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on the wood, and put no fire under. I will dress the other bulock and lay it on the wood and put no fire under and call e on the name of the of your gods and I will call the name of the lord. This is l o r d capital. Okay. And the god thatth by fire let him be god. And all people answered and said it is well spoken. They said okay fine let us do this once and for all and you know get over with this. Now Elijah gave them the opportunity, the prophets of Bal, okay, to do their stuff. And Elijah said unto the prophets of Bal, "Choose you one bulock for yourselves and dress it first for you are many. You have 450 prophets, you know, so you are a huge majority. So you guys gohead first." Okay. But he knew he knew that the way to approach God is the evening sacrifice. So he has all the time in the world till evening time. Okay. He knew the password. Okay. So he was like okay fine. You know what you guys go ahead. You go first because you know it's your first move is yours. You know uh and you're more 400 people. So you know each of you even if you say a small prayer it will take a long time. So you know what you guys go first. Okay. And they took the bulock which was given them and they rested called on the name of Bal from morning even until the noon okay afternoon saying oh Bal hear us but there was no voice nor any that answered and they leaped upon the altar which they made okay finally they're going crazy now they've made an altar they you know they put the animal there and they're crying shouting screaming nothing is happening they're getting frustrated now they started jumping on the altar itself. Okay. And like you know where are you? And when Elijah sees this he is like it came to pass at noon. Okay. Now Elijah knows that I have time. Okay. Let them do all these mockery. Okay. When the noon time comes he knows that you know now it is time for me to start preparing and getting them off the scene. So then you know he was like and it came to pass at noon that Elijah mocked them. Okay. And now he started making fun of them and he's like said cry louder. Okay, you cry loud for he is a god. If for he is a god either he's taking either he's talking to somebody probably you know he's busy on the phone or something you know you're god so you know louder he's not able to hear you so you you know scream louder and then you know if for he's a god he's either talking or he's pursuing or maybe he's in the metro or he's in the car or something he's traveling going somewhere so you shout louder he's not able to hear you okay or he's in a journey or per adventure He sleepeth. So he must be awakened. So wake him up. Shout, scream, jump, do whatever you have to do. Come on. Now you understand when he's mocking these people, you know, Elijah must have so much of confidence that you know what, next is my turn. Okay? And if it doesn't happen, the fire doesn't come in, you know, they I am one to 450. the 450 and the people you know standing here they will be mocking me okay so you understand the kind of confidence that Elijah had at that point in time he's he knew by default it is going to happen definitely you know the fire is absolutely going to come down there is no doubt about it in his mind otherwise you know what he would have done all these people are doing something you know he would have been kneeling down and he would have been praying Lord please please in the evening when I pray please come okay please send the fire he's not doing all that. That's right. He is a son of God. He knows the password. Okay? So, he knows that, you know, if I put this password, it has to open, right? Okay. And then uh and then, okay, now this is what verse 28. They cried aloud and cut themselves. Now, you know what? Crying and all is not helping. Now, they started beating themselves up. You know, they're cutting themselves up. And you know, even then, Bal is not the bulock is already cut and you know, put it there. But then they're like, "No, this is not enough. Now the prophets have to cut themselves also and they're bleeding and shouting and screaming. And it says here that they cut themselves after their manner with knives and lacets till blood gushed out upon them. Their own blood is now flowing. Okay, but still no answer. And it came to pass when midday was passed, they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that there was neither voice nor any answer nor any that regarded. Okay. So they tried everything till the evening sacrifice time. Now Elijah had already you know he knew that you know now is the time you know now what happens and Elijah said unto the people come near me now. Okay, now this is the real test that is going to happen. All the people came near to him and he repaired the altar of the Lord that was broken down. And Elijah took 12 stones according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob. Unto him the word of the Lord came, saying, Israel shall be thy name. And with the stones he built an altar in the name of the Lord. And he made a trench about the altar as great as would contain two measures of seed. And he put wood in order and cut the bulock in pieces and laid him on the wood and said, "Fill four barrels with water and pour on the burnt sacrifice and on the wood." Okay. Now they should not say that, you know what, it was already lit up. So what he did, he poured water around it. Okay? Now water depicts the word. Okay? Your sacrifice has to be covered in the word. Okay? So he did that and then he said, "Do it a second time." And they did it a second time. And he said, "Do it a third time." And they did it a third time. And the water ran round about the altar and he filled the trench also with water. And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that Elijah the prophet came near and said, Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel. You see that? And he is giving the proper address, okay? The proper acknowledgement. He is not you know referring to some god here and there because Abraham, Isaac, these are people with a promise. Yes. Okay. Now I you know you know what I I by profession I'm a lawyer. So when you go to court what happens is the uh there are different layers of courts. Okay. There is a district court, there is a provincial court and there is a federal court. Okay. I it's pretty much same in all the countries. Same here in Canada also. There are different layers. So a smaller court then a higher court and then the topmost court and it behooves the smaller courts they have to you know if you have to get a judgment from them what uh we usually do is we go to the lower courts where the lower courts you know and we say that you know what uh this is our petition and with the petition what we also do is we attach judgments of the Supreme Court. Okay. So when the Supreme Court judgments are attached with your petition, the lower court judge when he looks at it, he goes like, "Okay, so now the Supreme Court has already made a judgment on this. So there is no way a junior court can overrule the Supreme Court's judgment. Okay. So every time we present a case, we present the case with all the relevant Supreme Court judgments. Okay? So now whatever the rule, whatever the law, this judge cannot overrule a supreme court judgment. Okay? So in the same way Elijah knows that the Lord the our God does not change. Okay. So Hebrews 13:8 Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. Okay. So whenever we go in prayer okay now I have to actually come to the you know anatomy of the prayer you know we have to break down Daniel's prayer also we have say about half an hour we'll get there so you know coming to this uh okay so this is what he does now Elijah knows the password the password is the supreme court judgments basically for us so you know even before going there I know that you know my case matches with this so this is the supreme court judgment I know even before appearing in front of the court I know that you know the judge Well, this is the judgment that he's going to give because there is a judgment I have from the Supreme Court which I'm going to offer to him and you know he has no way to get out of it. So you bind the judge with these judgments. So you bind God with the word. Yeah. Because he cannot go against the word. Right? So now a believer knows that you know if I have to bring fire down from heaven this is the password. You understand? Because in the book of Leviticus, God has given all the rules and what will be you know of God if he doesn't follow his own rules. Yeah. So you have to see everything was already laid down before Elijah did this. So he knew by revelation. Coming to this point, you know, I have another detour that I want to take. Uh when it comes to the point of sacrifices, you know, uh in the garden of Eden, Abel had a sacrifice. Cain also had a sacrifice. Okay? Now, having a sacrifice is just not enough. Right? Brother said that Cain was a religious person. Okay? His offerings were not rotten stuff that you know he brought he brought the best of what he had very beautiful and Abel's sacrifice was a lamb and an altar which is full of blood and you know all that not very pleasant sight to see but on the contrary Cain sacrifice the the offerings that he brought for all beautiful flowers and beautiful beautiful you know green and orange and all those colorful things and the fruits and all those things. Now the thing is that Abel had the revelation okay of the time and the season okay there is in the Bible God has given a time when you bring in the first fruits he does take offerings of the first fruits but the timing matters right it is you know after the harvest the first fruits that is when you know before the harvest they have you know they take it and and they have a wave offering and all those things are all in place. So Cain although he also brought an offering but it was out of season right that was not the season of the first fruits. Okay. So that is why that offering in spite of being somewhat matching with the word it did not because you have to be in season. You have to know today if you're sitting and praying that God please save America, Lord please save you know whatever it is a prayer which is kind of out of season because the prophet has already said certain things about certain countries. Okay. So there is no point you know we praying or we doing stuff which is contrary to the word right although in our minds we want everybody to be saved. We want you know America to flourish. We want Canada to flourish. We want everybody to flourish. But the vision that he had saw when I turned back I saw that you know I saw smoke and debris everywhere. Mhm. So that prayer doesn't really match up with you know what the times are saying, right? Yeah. I hope Lord the economy stabilizes. I hope that the the wars stop. I hope there is peace everywhere. And you know this is a prayer which is out of season. Right. Amen. So that is why we have to be the main cornerstone of this message and our life is revelation. That is where God has placed you know this church. It is not on Peter. Okay. It is not given on Jesus. It is a revelation. Okay. Where the church is placed. So coming back to this um Elijah thing. So he did the sacrifice and then you know what he said? He called on the name of the lord. He gave the proper address everything. You know like I said the supreme court judgments. He's quoting everything from the scriptures and he's putting it right there. And then he said that know this day. Uh I'm reading the 36th verse. And he said, "Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel. Let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel and that I am thy servant and I have done these things at thy word. Hear me, oh Lord. hear me that these people may know that thou art the Lord God and thou has turned their heart back again. And then a fire and then the fire of the Lord fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice, the wood, the stone, the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench. Yes. You know what the reason I took this scripture is because in the New Testament Bible says that Elijah was a man of like Yeah. like us. Okay. So you have to understand now I'm not talking as a church as a whole. I'm talking individually. Yes. Every brother, every sister, every child, every mother, every father who is present here has got the capability to bring down fire from heaven. Right. That's right. When you are standing in your position, right? So when you are a mother and you see your children going, you know, in trouble, having trouble, when you're standing in your post of duty, You know, you have the power to command, right? Not request, right? Okay. To tell the devil get lost. Yes. Amen. Yeah. Whatever the sickness, no matter how big, how small, you being a mother in the message, you know your position. You being a father in the message, you know your position. Amen. Right. You being a believer in the message, you know your position. It is nothing less than what Elijah is right here. That's right. You know, and that is why I say it this message is not a joke. It's not just, you know, one book that we come and we read every day, you know, in the morning and the evening like a ritual. No, it is not a game of church, church, church. This is a life. This is a life. Okay? And this life has come down from you know our forefathers handed down today to us in a platter. So many people have died to compile this book. You know so many people have given their lives. They have struggled. You know people like Paul who could have lived a very easy life. You know he was way too qualified for his time. He learned at the feet of Galiel. Okay. and he was going to be the next high priest or you know whoever it is. Okay, he threw everything away. He said this is all dumb. Okay, and he said that you know he led a life or he he became a tent maker. Right. Okay. And the whole day he was you know doing his tent making in the evening he used to take it sell it get the money you know use it for himself and for the churches. Right. Right. And help people. Right. Okay. And he lived in the Bible it says that you know he he asked somebody to get his code from throwas which means he had just one quote okay he's like you know when you're coming from throwas get my coat from there because the weather is changing okay I don't have anything to wear here so today when we have dozens of clothes to wear all those things you have to imagine that you know what many people went through many troubles many problems only to hand over this word to us okay given to us in a platter. We I like I said we have never done anything to merit it. It is just God's sovereign grace that you know we by some uh you know uh absolutely nothing that we have done but it is just his grace that you know we have been selected. Amen. Nothing that we could have done and the privilege is too much too much. Right. You know, like I said, you have the power, individual, each one of you has the power today to impart eternal life. Yes, that's right. Amen. You know, a life which will never end. You have the power. And we are kings and priests with God. You are not simple, you know, people who are just, you understand where the world is going today, right? you know praying to inanimate things doing all those I don't say it is right or wrong but the Bible says that you know what you are better than all that you know sometimes when you ask a mule you know who's your daddy you know he looks at the horse then he looks at the donkey then he looks at the horse then he looks at the donkey doesn't know where he's coming from right okay we are born of the spirit of God and we have the chance to call the Lord aba father So whatever your need, whatever your requirement, just put it to him and it will be answered. Again I said Elijah could bring fire from heaven, you can also do that provided you have the faith like Elijah had. Amen. Right? And the key the password Jesus Christ is same yesterday, today and forever. Right? Use it and your life is all set you know. Okay. So now coming back to Daniel you know the prayer of Daniel I want to uh go through that and also brother if you can put up the image of the temple uh you know that I send. Yes this is how uh can everybody see this? Now this is actually you know uh the image of the temple is put on vertically usually but because the dimensions of this screen is the the width is more than the height so I just turned it towards the north but usually if you see uh it'll be you know east will be facing the down and west is on top okay but nevertheless this is the whole setup this is how it is so when we go into prayer this is any prayer. Okay, this is where we start from in the outer court. This is the outer code. There is a brazen altar and there is a lav. L is where you wash. Okay. And brazen altar is where the sacrifices are given. The animals when they are given for sacrifice. Okay. It is sacrificed here in the outer court. In the outer court, the light comes from the sun. Okay? Because in the open, it's in the open place. Okay? Here the sun is a light, the one that we have here. Okay? And now you have to look at this pattern. This is how you approach the throne. Okay? And this is exactly how Daniel also did it in his prayer. I will read it. You can keep the picture on. I'm I'm reading from Daniel chapter 9 verse 5 or maybe I'll read from verse three. When we started we looked at the answer that came. Gabriel came down with an answer. Okay. Now before the answer comes there has to be a prayer. Now I am reading the prayer. Okay. How he approaches the throne. Okay. Daniel says, okay, you know what? I should read from the first verse. In the first year of Darius, the son of Asarus, the seed of the Mes, which was made king over the realm of the Shaldians, in the first year of his reign, I Daniel understood by the books the number of years whereof the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accomplish 70 years in the desolations of Jerusalem. So Jerusalem will be desolate for 70 years. He read and he knew from the book of Jeremiah. Okay. So that is when he starts moving and he starts praying and because he knows that the time is coming 70 years is coming. So two years before that he starts praying. Okay. I set my face unto the Lord God to seek by prayer and supplications with fasting and sackcloth and ashes. And I prayed unto the Lord my God and made my confession. Okay, now here is his prayer starting. It starts with a confession. And said, Oh Lord God, the great and dreadful God, keeping the covenant and mercy to them that love him and to them that keep his commandments. Okay, now his confession is starting. We have sinned. We have committed iniquity. We have done wickedly and have rebelled even by departing from thy percepts, from thy judgments. Neither have we hearkened unto thy servants, the prophets, which spake in thy name to our kings, our princes, our fathers, and all the people of the land. So now what he's doing, he's coming here, okay? He's washing and he's coming to the altar, okay? Where the sacrifice is. This is the first step. So when we start our prayer usually you know again this is not a law not a rule when you're in trouble you can't really you know you're stuck somewhere and you can't go back like oh my god you know what is the uh formula for this thing no but this is the most uh appropriate or most uh ideal situation okay the most ideal prayer the way you approach God is first you bring in the sacrifice okay where is a sacrifice. The sacrifice for us today is given by Jesus Christ. Okay. So when we start we go into like you know we go under the blood first. Okay. That is where that is what happens here in the brazen altar. Okay. So we when we start our prayer we go go like you know Lord we come under the shed blood of the lamb. Okay. It's not just fancy things that we are speaking. It has got an implication here. Okay. You want Gabriel to bring answer to you. you might as well follow what you know Daniel did. Yeah. So, and again Daniel was a very wise person. Okay? He was a wise prophet. He knew by the books this is what is supposed to be happening. Now, the reason why I'm telling you this is because each one of us here has access to the throne. Yes. Okay. It is you who is going to speak and things are going to happen. Okay. Like I said, you're not, you know, normal, you know, P peace officers and stuff. You are SW A special weapons and tactics. You are an elite league of people who are sitting here today bought by the blood of the lamb. So you need to know that you know what if I have to approach God, what is the way of approach? This is the way of approach. Okay, this is the way of approach. Here you come in and you know you confess your sins and put in between in in front of the altar. Okay, bring in the altar there. Bring in the blood. Bring in the bleeding word. Now you see the difference between denominations and uh you know us at this point in time is that we have the bleeding word. The bleeding word is the message of the r. Amen. Okay. We are not only relying on the fact that you know uh Jesus died 2,000 years back but today again the word was crucified on the altars of the denomination. Okay. So that is the bleeding word that has and you know what when I say that you know you look at Jesus when we say Jesus Christ okay what comes to our mind what comes to our mind mostly when I'm small you know the Hoffman's head or you that picture came to my mind but there is a difference right there is a difference when I say a red balloon what comes to your mind. My thought of a red balloon comes to my mouth as a word and the same thought comes in your mind now. Right? When I say red balloon, you start visualizing a red balloon. Right? In the same way, when I say Jesus Christ, what is what are you visualizing? You know what you're supposed to be visualizing? I don't know what you are visualizing, but what you're supposed to be visualizing is in the beginning was the word. Word was with God and the word was God. So when I say Jesus, Jesus is the word. Now word is not this book. It's not the it's not the pages. It's not the ink. But what is written inside of it? Okay. What is written inside of it? This is Jesus Christ. So this word in this age was crucified. Okay. Jesus physically when he came down was crucified 2,000 years back but today again the same word you know Jesus the same Jesus in the word form was crucified again true okay so that is our sacrifice that is our atonement when we realize that that is when we are coming under the blood right okay so once we do that here we confess our sins and you know we come under the blood and all that then we Move on to the holy place. Okay. In the holy place, there are three pieces of furniture. There is a lampstand. This has got seven candlesticks on it. Okay. Then there is a table with showbread there. It's got 12 pieces of bread there. Okay. And there is a golden altar. So when you look at Daniel's prayer, I'm not reading the whole thing because I just have 15 minutes left. So if you go there you know I started with fifth now uh fifth verse now I go down to say about 12th verse. Okay here he's see he he's still you know reminding and you know confessing the sins and you know doing all this and bringing the sacrifice there. Uh I'm going to read from verse 11. Ye all all Israel have transgressed thy law even by departing that they might not obey thy voice. Therefore the curse is poured upon us and the oath that is written in the law of Moses the servant of God because we have sinned against him. And he had confirmed his words which he spoke against us and against our judges and against us by bringing upon us a great evil. For under the whole heaven had not been done as hath been done upon Jerusalem. As it is written in the law of Moses, all this evil is come upon us, yet made we not our prayer before the Lord our God, that we might turn from our iniquities, and understand thy truth. Therefore the therefore hath the Lord washed upon the evil and brought it upon us. For the Lord our God is righteous. Okay. Now he's slowly moving on to the golden altar. The golden altar is place where you put your worship. Okay. Here this altar is the altar for sacrifice. Okay. And here there is another al altar the golden altar. This is where your prayers and you know your uh worship goes on. So in your prayer you start by bringing in the sacrifice confessing your sins then you switch over to worship. Okay. Then you switch over to worship. Now there is a difference between a prayer and a worship. In a prayer we ask from God. Okay? We ask that you know God help me bless me with you know good health. Bless me with a car. Bless me with a house. Bless me with this. Give me this. Give me that. Give me this. This is a prayer. But worship you give to the Lord. Okay. I worship you. I give you honor. I give you thanks. I give you praise. You start giving now. Okay. And when you start doing that this you know this is the place where you do that. Okay. So here now he starts you know praising God. Therefore okay now I'm I'm going to uh verse 16 onwards. I mean you can read the whole prayer basically you know and this is the pattern of most of the prayers you know in the Bible if you see because the Holy Ghost you know comes with us and it prays with us. So it is essentially you know the Holy Ghost who leads us in prayer. Amen. Okay. So now when you see this the the pattern of the temple this is very very important because this pattern was given to Moses and the same pattern was followed by David. Okay. And then again the temple was broken down. Now Israel, like I said, there are like 12 shoe bread showbreads here. The 12 showbreads depict the 12 tribes of Israel. Okay? And the seven candlesticks. This is a candlestick with seven uh candle these things on it. These depict the seven church ages. Brother Benham, you know, he also drew the seven candlesticks with seven messengers and all those things. So this is the way to go for both, you know, Israel and the Gentiles. Okay? And once you do this that is when you approach the you know uh the most holy place here in this place there is no sunlight the candle stand the candle the lampstand this provides the light okay but when you go in here okay here the lamp is the light the ark of the covenant is the light there is no artificial light here okay in the most holy place and this when Jesus Christ died on the cross this uh curtain it rent it tore down. Now earlier only this high priest could go in but now even a common person like you and me can approach God and put our petitions directly to him. We don't need another mediator. You know we don't need a saint or you know anybody else. We can directly once we are under the blood here we can approach the throne of mercy. Okay. So this is the pattern of the prayer that Daniel followed. And this is the most ideal pattern. Sometimes you know you're in a hurry. You can't really follow the whole pattern. Doesn't matter. But still you have to know that you know what I know the password. This is what is the difference between a nominal Christian and a believer. You are not doing things just by mimicking something. You're doing things by revelation. You know that you know the reason why I am praying like this is because there is a pattern which is given in the Bible. Right? The reason why Abel brought a better sacrifice was because when uh Adam and Eve were sent out of the garden of Eden, you know, they were clothed with the skin of a lamb. Okay? And it was a bleeding skin that they were wearing. Okay? And Adam told this thing to his son Abel. And Abel knew that you know when my parents had sinned, God sacrificed his lamb. And clothed them with the skin of that lamb. So what I'm going to give to God is the same. It's not my sacrifice. It's what was in his mind is what I'm going to give him. Amen. He didn't bring fruits and vegetables. He gave the exact offering. So this pattern is not our pattern. This pattern is given by God. And this pattern is what we follow to approach him. You understand? This is not, you know, we don't have many fancy words. No, it doesn't matter. What matters is the God's chosen way of approaching him. Amen. You see that? And when you do this uh and you see this uh in the middle this is the place where Levi is you know in the all you know the temple on the all the four sides there were three uh tribes of Israel on each gate. Okay. But Levi did not have a place outside. Okay. Levi was right here in the middle. Yeah. This is the place. Yes. Okay. And also one more thing I want to mention here. Brother Brham when he went uh you know across uh the uh curtain of time. Okay. He said that you know where is Paul? He didn't see Paul there. Why? Because Paul was with his people in this section. Okay. Because although all of them are in heaven, there is there are sections. Okay. Where you know they don't cross over and you know go over. So he was in a different section here under the lion because uh the message tells us that there are like you know four ages. The iron sorry the lion age, the ox age, the man age and the last one is the eagle age. Yeah. So we are under the prophet the eagle age here. So this is where and these are the four gospels. The gospel of John, the gospel of Matthew, the gospel of Luke, the gospel of Mark. So you know it's all depicted in this temple. It this is the source of all your you know message information. So brother Brham did not come up with you know uh ideas from his own mind. This is the place where you know we get all the information and like I said this is very very privileged information. It's not open to everybody. You know people who don't even know that you know if God is one, God is three, is it three in one, one in three? You know, world is still confused with all that. But we, you know, there's a reason we are going in the rapture because we know our God. And the message says in the Bible says people who know their God shall do exploits. You know when they say know your God, you know, it's just not God is love. You know, what they call it this a prosperity gospel. Okay. God is not only love. He's a just God also. He punishes also. He passes judgment also. Who will tell about all these things? Right? You see, so there is a lake of fire that he has made. Okay? And there are some people and some angels and some you know who are going to go there. Yes. vessels of dishonor. Okay. So all those things are there. So we as message believers, as somebody who has got a prophet in this last age, who have got the revelation of what God wants from us right now are very clear in our mind, right? We are not confused like you know one day we are here, one day we are there. Whatever situation God keeps us in, we are absolutely happy. You know why? It says the Bible says pray without ceasing. Pray without ceasing. Okay. Now uh I have a little bit more than I want to speak on when it comes to prayer and I have got exactly 5 minutes. I will not exceed. So I will quickly you know uh take you through it. Now when it comes to praying you have to understand that you know first now you know the pattern of the prayer. Okay. You can pray any which ways you want to. I'm not you know giving you a you know a doctrine that you know if you don't pray like this it is not right or wrong. No I'm just telling you this is what is given you know in the message in the Bible. So if you follow it this is the best practice. If you don't want to do it uh or if you want to do something differently it's all this is not a rule this is not a law this is nothing like that it's just for you know your information. Okay. So when you get your revelation you know as to how I can approach God. The reason why I'm telling you this is because you know Elijah knew for certain. He knew for a fact that you know fire will come. The reason why he knew it is because he followed the protocol. Right. And the protocol given by God. So if you know the protocol you're you know you can bring fire down. Absolutely. Okay. So it is up to you. Now coming to the prayer. uh prayer is very very I mean it is the most potent and the most uh um d I wouldn't say dangerous but most uh effective weapon that god has given to the believer okay with prayers you can achieve much okay and it is very important sometimes we have to you know the devil is absolutely scared when a believer goes into prayer you know the whole kingdom you know shakes of for the devil you know when a believer goes down on his knees and he prays. Okay. So I'm not taking a lot of scriptures but uh I want to just uh show you one verse from the message probably does there is a message which brother Benham said uh took which is called does god ever change his mind about his word. Okay the fact is he never changes his mind. What the thought of God is perfect. Once he thought that's forever and it is good because he doesn't need to, you know, learn from his mistakes and stuff. He's perfect. But there is a detour. Sometimes God doesn't change his word. God doesn't change his mind. But sometimes God does. You know what a believer has tremendous power over God. I'll tell you how you know we can make God take a detour. Detour when I say detour I mean permissive will okay sometimes if we pray too much about you know about a thing. Okay God might give in as it happened in the case of Ezekiel the king. How many of us know about Ezekiel the king? Yeah, he God said that you know what you're going to die. Yeah. Isaiah came and prophesied already that you know what you're going to die so put your uh things in order. Hezekiah went down. He started praying. He prayed. He fasted and he prayed and he prayed and God said okay fine whatever in 3 days you will be back up. You're not dying. Okay. Now when that happened that was per permissive will perfect will was that you know in about a couple of days Ezekiel fell sick and you know he was going to die you know I think we should just uh brother you know if you can just put it on the screen Kings okay 2 kings yo wow I I got it right here in front I didn't even have to search for it because we don't have time god is helping me so yeah 2 kings chapter Oh, sorry. It's 20. Do you have it? Verse one. Oh, I will go like now. It came to pass in the third year of Hosea, the king of No, 2 Kings 21. 21. Verse 20. Oh, chapter 20 verse one. Is anybody getting late? Okay, because you know what? I leave it here. Then it'll be like, you know, I can't start all over again. So, it's just another 5 10 minutes. That's it. Okay. In those days was Ezekiel sick. Yeah. In those days was Ezekiel sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah son of Amos came to him and said to him, "Thus say the Lord, set thine house in order, for thou shalt die and not live." Then he turned his face to the Lord, face to the wall, and prayed to the Lord, saying, I beseech thee, oh Lord, remember how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore. And it came to pass before Isaiah was gone out of gone out into the middle court that the word of the Lord came to him, saying, "Turn again. Go back. Okay, go back and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, "Thus say the Lord, God of David, thy father, I have heard thy prayer. I have seen thy tears. Behold, I will heal thee. On the third day, thou shalt go up into the house of the Lord." Okay? And I would add unto thee, add unto thy days 15 years, and I will deliver thee and the city out of the hand of the king of Assyria. and I will defend this city for my own sake and for my servant David's sake. So you see God first he said now this is the you know this is how you know he says that God could have actually healed him but you know God said no take medicine go to the doctor. Okay here he says that Isaiah and Isaiah said take a lump of figs and they took it and laid it on the boil and he recovered. Okay so this is one scripture where you know you say that God could have really you know healed him directly. No but God said no take medicine. Okay. And now you will be healed. So, oh no, I'm not reading any further although there is so much to read. Okay. So, now this is what happens. Now, uh you know, Hezekiah was healed because why? He fasted and he prayed, right? He is fasting and he's praying. And brother said uh I don't have the quote right now but these 15 years okay is when Hezekiah had another son and from him then the you know the children came down and then he had a king called Ahab Ahab. Yeah. It was in this 15 years. Yeah. And had he died Ahab would not have been there. there would have been no Jezebel. You see that what happens when we pray to change God's mind. Yeah. Now prayer is a very important tool. That's what I said. You can change God's mind. But our prayer should be that Lord you change my mind to accept your decision. Yeah. I am rich. I am poor. Whatever it is, Lord, I am happy with what you want for me. Because sometimes when we get very rich, very accomplished, there are confusions which come in our lives which draw us away from God. There are marriages which happen because of which we go away from the Lord. Okay. So for everything you have to pray but you have to pray that God grants his wish. Let thy will be done. Yes. You know, I think God, I need a new car. I need a new car. I need a new car. Please, please, please. And then what? I am fasting and praying for a new car. God will give you a new car because you know why? You are following the protocol. Even if God doesn't want to, he will still do it for you. But that might not be the best for you, right? So whenever you are in trouble, whenever you need something, put it in front of the Lord. Tell him Lord, you know I am in this situation right now. Let it be unto me as according to thy word. Exactly. That is what Mary said. Yeah. Not me. I'm not choosing for myself because I can't choose for myself. I I I I don't have any vision. I cannot see one minute ahead of what is going to happen. But you being God know from eternity eternity what is going to happen. Right? So put your will in front of God. So when we go to God in prayer, okay? But there are some things which you have to fermentally pray for. Keep praying. Keep praying. What is that for? That is for the Holy Ghost because you need a refilling of the Holy Ghost every time. Yes. Because you know what? When we have the Holy Ghost, it dries away. We need a refilling. We need a refilling again and again. So, you know, seize. Oh, no. Pray without seizing. That's what the word says. Yeah. Pray without seizing. For what? For a motorcycle. Is it? Pray without ceasing for what? For a new car? No. Pray without ceasing for a iPhone? No. Pray without ceasing for your body change for, you know, always be in season. Yes. Doesn't matter if you're, you know, driving a rundown, beat up car. Doesn't matter because you know what? You're kings and priests. You are going to be ruling the, you know, planet. Amen. Yeah. Angels are going to be subject to you, right? Yeah. So, you know, make sure when, you know, this thing happened with sister Hattie, right? She had her sister who was, you know, in a wheelchair for so many years. Okay? And when brother Brandham said, "Ask what you will." She asked for salvation of her two boys. And you know, and the spirit said that is a right choice. Why? Because once Lazarus was raised up from dead, but he died again. Where is Lazarus? He's not here with us anymore. Right. Right? So you know even if uh you know a debt is raised up but even bigger than that is salvation. So that is what we have right now. So make sure that you pray pray often pray for anything and next thing is that you know what everything is open to you. You can change your destiny your you know everything you can change in this world. You have that power. You're not just, you know, some, you know, uh, people who don't know what to do now. Oh, Lord, now this has happened. Now what do I do? Now this has happened. What do I do? Where do I go? Who do I seek help? Now I'm running from here to here. I'm running to my, you know, politician. I'm running to the police. I'm going here. I'm going there. And, you know, I'm just breaking my head. Whereas you are people with a promise. Just embrace the fact. Amen. Okay. I will invite uh our brothers here for uh the musicians and sisters of course. So coming back to it, we are people with a promise. So don't forget where you're coming from. You are coming from the lineage of Adam and Adam was the son of God. You know like I said last time or the previous time, you know, when a monkey has a baby, it's a monkey. A donkey has a baby, it's a donkey. When God has a son, it has got to be nothing less than what he is. Amen. That is your position. Don't look at your physical circumstances. We are not a product of our natural birth. You know, we skipped our theophanes. Right? But today we have the message has brought us back. You know, we see the lighthouse, we remember this is where our house is, you see. So this message tells us this is where we are coming from from the bosom of God from eternity. Right. Right. Amen. We are not getting eternity right now. We are not becoming eternal now. We were always in the thought of God. Amen. You know those thoughts became words and manifested today. Right. Right. Yes. Okay. So, uh I am like 10 minutes over. I would want any brother you know here if you can come forward and say a small prayer before we close. Who would want to come forward? I you know it's open. I'm not taking any names. Anybody you know who would want to say a small word of prayer and we can end with that. God bless you all. Praise the Lord. God bless you brother. Bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for this precious time together, Lord, for this word, Lord, that you've laid in our laps, Father. Lord, this word, Father, that you blessed us with, Father. Thank you for it, Lord. We know this is your design, Lord. Lord, it seems so simple, Lord, but it's so powerful word that's changing our thoughts and our attitudes and our understanding, Father. Father, may it not just be words in our in this moment, Lord. May we think on it the rest of the week, Lord. May we bring it life, Father. May we adear to it, Father. Lord, search it out, Father. Try these words, Father. See if they're not true or not. And may they produce fruit in our lives, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness and your mercy and your kindness to us, Father. Father, we count this a blessing. Bless our pastor, Father. Lord, may we all, Father, just strive to be more like you, Father, to be more sincere, to get those people around us, Father, to believe, Father, our testimony. Father, by producing your life, help me be more sincere, Lord. Help me to apply this word in my home. In Jesus Christ's name, Lord, we pray. Amen. I will praise him. Will praise him. I will praise him. Praise is the lamb for [Music] s glor. Glory all for his sh. [Music] for all my sites. [Music] I will praise him. Praise God for sing. [Music] Glory for his love has mercy. [Music] the AC and all I was sent I am present and my [Music] feet. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise God. [Music] for [Music] his peace. [Music] My heart was shy to Jesus name. I will praise you. I will praise you. Praise God for [Music] such blessing. and the name of Jesus. my heart. I will praise him. I will praise you for [Music] Glory people for his blood. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Here we [Music] are. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] How [Music] do you feel? [Music] [Music]
