################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - 2025-04-16 Bro. Barry - Q&A Election Part 2 (Seven Church Ages Study) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-16
Title:    2025-04-16 Bro. Barry - Q&A Election Part 2 (Seven Church Ages Study)
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Q&A Session
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLOQt45V0rQ
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry - Question & Answers on The Seven Church Ages (Election pt. 2)
Wednesday, April 16th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Bless you saints. I please stand with me. Start with the chorus. Oh, I want to see all his face. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heaven. Oh, I want you. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. [Music] sing forever [Music] Rejoice his service for my Lord. Don't make [Music] me close to him. He will give me life. [Applause] [Music] Sus turn my thoughts inside my [Music] hand and all to see when [Music] [Applause] [Music] Forever on the streets of [Music] Lord my voice in the past [Music] [Applause] You rejoice. Amen. I'm looking for a [Music] city. I'm looking for a city, the one not made by hands. I'm looking over Jordan. I see a promised land. The waters will be my head and I'll be on my way. Oh, I can see [Music] the [Music] [Applause] [Music] last I have for my soul. [Music] I'm drinking from the fountain that flows from highless water that never shall run but never Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. My [Music] soul the pro is blessed in my home. But the revelation that never shall come. The rapture is among us. [Music] lasting sway my soul and he made me know I am the everlasting joy within my soul. Amen. I can ask far if you can open the service in prayer. [Music] Let us pray. Our father, our rock, our redeemer. Lord, yes indeed, you've given us that everlasting joy within our souls. That joy, Lord, that we cannot get from nowhere else, Lord Jesus. Lord the comfort that you give Lord Jesus the blessings that you give heavenly father all Lord Jesus that we have all we own Lord you have given to us Lord we just want to give it back to you oh God Lord just want to dedicate our lives to you father God we just want to Lord give our all to you and later the altar Lord Jesus that you might use it for your glory Lord Jesus we commit ourselves into your hands this evening Lord Jesus thank you for bringing us into your Now, so God, as the song service continues, we ask, Lord, that you anoint our brother, Lord Jesus. Anoint each one here, Lord. Help us all to be in one accord, Lord Jesus. And raise a sound of praise, sound of worship, Lord Jesus, a shout in this place tonight. Let our souls be lifted, Lord Jesus. Let it not just be songs, Lord, but let it be a ministration into our souls, Lord. Granted, heavenly father, we ask that you bless the pastor as he comes with the word, Lord Jesus. Let your word find a resting place in our souls, oh God. Lord, let each one leave here better people, Father. That's why we're here, Lord Jesus. That's why we're here. Grant it unto us, Lord. We careful to give you thanks. Bless the rest of the week, Lord Jesus. Let it be blessings upon blessings, Lord Jesus. Miracles upon miracles, open doors upon open doors, Father, the places, Lord Jesus, that we really need you, Father, we ask that you come on the scene. Lord, as we call you on the scene this evening, Lord Jesus, in our situations, you know them all, Father. Grant it, Lord Jesus. Give us everyone here, Lord, and those Lord, watching a testimony, Father, in their souls, Lord Jesus. Granted, heavenly father, we pray in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. You may have receipts. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. Your fight is not too busy to hear your heart tonight. Sing by this poet your knees. Shout and touch the Lord as he goes by and reach out and touch the Lord as he pass. Oh no, your heart is not [Music] too hard. Oh, sing by this. Oh, shout and touch the Lord as he one more time as brother Toby comes. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes through. You find you are to me. Oh my sing by this pro. Glory shout and touch the Lord as [Music] he season but at Old Rocket Old Rugged Cross made a difference for us and uh that song has been on my heart and uh just listening to brother Barry on Sunday asking us the question what does Palm Sunday mean to us? What does Cal Calvary mean to us? I think without Calvary we wouldn't be here. So as you confess with me tonight, I would ask you join in the chorus and feel free to sing all of the song, the old rugged cross. [Music] Hey, heat. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Yes. [Music] Oh, thank you. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. See the fire. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Happy birthday. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Make sure [Music] everything Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Amen. What a blessing. Amen. All please all stand with me. God, any rivers? Do we have any requests, prayers that at times we feel are too small or just too ridiculous for God to answer? There's nothing too small. There's nothing too ridiculous that God won't hear out. Amen. Just the course. But any rivers you think are uncross mountains you cannot st my God [Music] specializes in things hearts. impossible and he will do what no [Music] other dose. Oh, God. Any rivers you think are possible. Oh, God. You cannot start over. Oh yes. things. When you need Oh, one more [Music] time. Cut any [Music] rivers. Oh my [Music] god. Impossible and [Music] he no other can do. Amen. We sing I know the master of the wind. We shift the oil service. Can we just the [Music] chorus? I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the land. And he can Oh, make the sun shine again. I know who we know. Oh, I know. I know. Oh, he can for sun shine again. I know the master of we know him personally. Oh, I know the master of the Oh, yes. I know the maker of the rain. Oh, and he can call the soul make the sun shine again. I know the master. Just our voices. Oh, I know the master of the way. [Music] Oh my [Applause] [Music] go and make the sun shine again. Oh yes, I know the master of as brother Perry comes. Oh yes, I know the master. I know the king makes the sun shine again. I know the master of the way. I know the master of the rain. I know the maker of the rain shine again. I know the master of. [Music] Amen. Aren't you happy to know him tonight? Hallelujah. What a blessing that is. [Music] It's one thing to know that you know him, but it's a totally new level when you know that he knows you. And I believe that's the day in which we're living. That is the revelation that we are thriving under. Amen. Is that he knows us each and every one by name. Amen. We just have a couple of requests tonight. we would like to remember in prayer. But first, we have a praise report and uh just exactly the way I like it. And uh it's it's a praise report from sister Marcy about her dad. And she says, "I want to share wonderful report of God's God's grace to our family. father had repeated surgery today postsurgery for bladder cancer and his surgeon reported that there could be return of tumors anywhere in the bladder and he was very happily surprised how great things looked when he went in Thursday or went in December of last year. You know, the Lord can change things through prayer. It's a wonderful thing to see that the Lord has moved in brother Frank Kronhite's life. And if he can do it for him, he can do it for anyone. That's the kind of God we serve. So, we thank the Lord for touching brother Frank Kronite and we just pray the Lord would continue to watch over him and brother Peter while he's away. And we'd also like to pray for Sister Judith DS who's at home not feeling well with vertigo. And uh if you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. We also would like to remember the Lucas family. That's the family of my former pastor when I was a child in Calgary here. He passed away on Monday and uh he was 89 years old. Now he's uh fellowshipping on the other side. Let's just bow in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we're so thankful for your word. So thankful that you've made it real to us, Lord, that it's not just in print. It's not just on pages, but it's actually a living word because we've taken the book and we've eaten it, Lord. And Father, we just pray that Lord, tonight you would be glorified in all that's said and done here. Thank you for the worship tonight, Lord. Father, we pray that you were pleased with our worship. Father, we pray that you would just be with the family of the Lucases, Lord, and all those who are mourning at the loss of John Lucas Senior tonight. We know that he was a a father. He was a a pastor. He was a chairman. He was oh Lord, a husband. We know that he was a grandfather. many titles, but Father, we know that he's come to your house tonight. And we thank you for his life. Lord, we know that he's done good for the bride here in Calgary. And Lord Jesus, we pray for his family tonight that you would strengthen them and encourage them. Father, we want to remember the Clawson family tonight, Lord, as they prepare to celebrate the life of Brother Pete Clawson, another soldier who fought the good fight for many years. is also in your house tonight. Father, we pray that you would bless the family members, Lord, each and every one as they gather together to remember brother Pete Clawson this weekend. Father, we thank you for the praise report for brother Frank Kronhite. We know that you're more than able, Lord. And one more time, we acknowledge who the healer is, Father. And we thank you for do doing that, for touching him, Lord. We pray that you would continue to encourage Brother Frank and sister Pamela. Pray that you'd be with Brother Peter while he's away. Father, that you would keep your hand upon him and bring him home safely at the appointed time. And Father, also request for Sister Judith DS tonight. Lord, battling with vertigo. Father, we just want to rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus Christ tonight for our sister. stand with her, Lord, believing that if you can heal bladder cancer, that you could shoe away a vertical demon, Lord. And Father, we pray that you would just bring her peace, Lord, stability and and and understanding, Lord, that she would not be feeling the effects of of this thing they call vertigo. And Lord Jesus, tonight, as we turn to your word, we pray that you would just be glorified. We pray that you would anoint the word that's read and spoke tonight, Father, that it it would minister to our hearts, Lord. That Father, one more time, word cell upon word cell, we would change, Father. Amen. Lord Jesus, we love you tonight. We pray that you would be with all those who couldn't come tonight. Wherever they are, Father, whether we're working or traveling or at home and indifferent, Lord, either way, we pray that you would just bless them abundantly, Father, above all they could ask or think. Lord Jesus, tonight we love you and we thank you for all these things. We just commit this service now into your hands for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Thank you, brother Toby, for the wonderful special I love that saxophone. There's just something about a saxophone, isn't there? Something about every instrument you can just find the notes to express. Boy, certainly wonderful. If you have your Bibles tonight, I would like to continue talking about this uh thing called election in second Peter, the second epistle of Peter, chapter 1. It's such a uh call it a deep topic. I just don't think that we can really do it justice on Wednesday nights, but we're going to try. So, we'll uh hopefully maybe settle some nerves, some questions about this this question about election and how can it be that some people are actually created to win and some to lose. Some are created to be vessels of honor and some are created to be vessels of dishonor. Some are created to live and some are created to die. And that's just the way it is. That's God. But tonight, we're going to try and take another step towards maybe getting a little bit of an understanding towards this because even in our human minds, as much as we study this out, I don't think we could ever comprehend it. The prophet even says it. We'll get to that. I think we did last week bit. Um, so bear with me. If it seems like maybe we're repeating a little bit, we will be. It's uh it's just I think it's going to take that to really maybe get to where we need to, Lord willing. The second epistle of Peter, chapter 1, Simon Peter, a servant and apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our savior Jesus Christ. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. Isn't that absolutely wonderful how the Lord expresses this through his apostle through this epistle, this letter that was written? Grace and peace be multiplied unto you. Not confusion or frustration or or uncertainty or fear, but grace and peace accepting sorry according as his divine power. Verse three, hath given unto all us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue. Amen. And we know virtue is strength. Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. I love the the exceeding great and precious promises. Verse five. And beside this, giving all diligence, making sure that we're very careful to add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness. To godliness, brotherly kindness. To brotherly kindness charity. And we know charity is sometimes referred to as love. But tonight, we're going to say charity is the Holy Ghost. Charity is the literal life of Jesus Christ. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore the rather brethren, give diligence, be very careful, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, ye shall never fall. To think that if we are willing to be diligent about our calling and election, we will never fall. What a tremendous thing that is. Let's bow one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, tonight, we just pray that you would help us, Lord, to be diligent about this calling and election, Father, in our lives. Help us to recognize the importance of it, Lord. That it is the pearl of great price, Father, that we could have all kinds of investments, but there is no greater investment than this right here that we're looking at tonight. So, Father, as we look upon these words, we pray that your spirit would just quicken them to our souls. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. Certainly thankful to be here tonight. We will be heading out on uh Friday to go out to Saskatchewan and uh celebrate the life of brother Pete Clawson and uh to see the family and so on. We'll be spending a little bit of time in Saskatoon. We'll be coming back the following Thursday. Okay, we're going to see a whole bunch of people. Uh once again, it's just tremendous to to be able to see everyone to visit. But so, Brother Emanuel will take the service on Sunday. I apologize for the uh delay in communion. We're not going to uh cancel it. We're just postponing it. So, we'll get that done when we return. And uh we'll just see how things pan out. I don't even know if we'll be able to get it in this month, but um it's not the kind of thing we really want to rush anyway. So, we will definitely be having a communion service soon. And uh so, Brother Emanuel take the service on Sunday, just one service, and then uh we'll have brother Mvin take the service on Wednesday, Lord willing. Certainly excited to listen to the sermons on our six and a half to seven hour drive. will definitely pick up the uh recordings and I always enjoy doing that. It's just so wonderful to to have the support of the brethren in the congregation that will be able to step in when you're away. So yeah, we're going to uh celebrate the life of brother Pete Clawson and uh what a soldier he was and uh yeah, certainly pray for the families and uh all the people that will be coming from far away. He has a lot of a few children in the states that will be traveling and we just want to want to see that everyone has a as good a time as possible. I guess it's never easy when we have to let go of someone on this side of eternity. But we don't uh mourn as others mourn, do we? When someone crosses over as a believer, we know it becomes a celebration of life. It's not a a sorrowful funeral even though it can be and and is sometimes we have a promise that is so tremendous and I think that promise lies in you know verse 11 of second Peter chapter 1. It says for so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. to think that when we breathe out our last breath here, we actually breathe in our next breath there. We don't actually stop. We just take the step from this portion of our lives into the next portion. And what a tremendous portion that is that waits for the believers, those elected. You know, I I'm I'm probably not going to read everything that I did last time just so we can actually get going. If you would like to uh know where it's from, it's from the exposition of the seven church ages out of the Sardis and church age. And if you were to look this up at home, you could probably pick it up from the recording or if you wanted to write it down. If you just wrote down, now let us go another step. If you type that into your message app search, it would take you right to this place in uh the exposition of the seven church ages. Now, let us go another step. But before we do, let us review our case thus far. First of all, we know most assuredly that the purpose of God stands in election. The purpose of God, God's entire purpose stands in election. That's why I say, you know, brothers and sisters, we can we can poke at this and and we can look at it through the knowledge through the lens of the message of the hour and, you know, through the revelation that we've been given, but I don't know if we can ever really fully comprehend how powerful the idea of election really is to uh the human race. But he says, let us go another step. Before we do, let us review our case thus far. First of all, we know most assuredly that the purpose of God stands in election. It was purposed in himself. It was God's purpose to bring forth a people like unto himself that would be a word bride. If you want to hear about this, just listen to the masterpiece or just listen to the the masterpiece of all the ages. Either one of those two messages in 1964. Just absolute masterpieces. Brother Brandham talks about this exact thing. He wanted to see a man created in his own image so that he could fellowship. It's fantastic. She was chosen before the foundation of the world in him. She was fornown and beloved before she was ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth. She was redeemed by his blood. And isn't that beautiful? She's not going to be redeemed. She was redeemed by his blood and can never come into the condemnation. We said that last time. Never. She can never come into the condemnation. Now, when we talk about this, I think it's important because sometimes we can look at it and say, "Well, because of that, I can live however I want to. The prophet said this, but I can do that. The word of God says this, but I can do that. I'm going to make it anyways, right? I'm bride, so it's all going to be fine." Sure enough, you get into Calvinism and Armenianism. We're not going to get in that tonight. We're not going to go and and go too far into that. But you can actually come to the place where you can say because God's going to actually see me as an elected one, I can turn make grace a disgrace. And a true believer will never do that. A true believer will always have the desire to serve God according to his will, which is his word and according to the word that was given to a vindicated prophet to the age in which those people live. That is the elected true believer. They're the ones that will never come into the condemnation. The ones that live loose and just do whatever they want to do. Even though there is a vindicated prophet with a message with a clear direction on the way things are supposed to be done, the ones that want to do that, I want to say maybe they fit into one of the other categories because the true believer, the truly elected one is going to be so close to her husband that he could start a sentence and she could finish it. The word is in the bride. She has the mind of Christ to know what to do with that word. She's not looking to put a spin on it. She's not looking for a a loophole like some people want to do. Remember, the devil is in the details. God is in revelation. Amen. His blood can never by his blood and can never come into condemnation. She can never be in the judgment because sin cannot be imputed onto her. Nobody can even impute sin to her. Can you imagine that? Can you imagine that? That's such a powerful thought. We have the accuser of the brethren standing there right now trying to accuse every single one of us. And all he says is, you know what? I see that bumper of blood. I see that sacrifice that I made before the foundation of the world for each and every one of them. I don't even see them. Brother Bradom says it. I just listened to it. He says, "He doesn't see us. He hears our voice." It's beautiful. Romans 4:8, "Blessed is the the man whom the Lord will not impute sin, but indeed she shall be with him in his throne of judgment, judging the world and even angels." Her name each of her members was written in a section of the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. That's the first category of people. That's the first category of people that he talks about in this in this here. He goes on to say, secondly, there's another class. Their names are also in the book of life and they will come in the second resurrection. Such are the foolish virgins and the righteous as are spoken of in Matthew 25. In this class also are those who do not worship the beast or become involved in the antichrist system but die for their faith even though they are not in the bride not having been born again. But they will come up in the second resurrection and go into eternal life. I want to say this. Those are the ones that actually can't hear this message of the hour. Those are the ones that will not go in the rapture of the church of the living God. Unfortunately, that's the way it is. Thirdly, there are the borderline Christians such as we saw in Israel come up out of Egypt. These had their names in the book of life and their works written in the books. These having failed to obey God and being void of the spirit, though even the signs and wonders were amongst them will have their names removed from the book of life. I was just staggered listening to this, thinking about this. Their names are on the book of life, the greatest place they could ever find themselves. And their names are going to be removed from it. Think about what that will be like for them to realize that, to have that moment of of recognition. Wait a second. My name was there, but it's actually removed. Brother Brandham talks about it. How will it be removed? By not following the word of the Lord. by even doing bad things to good people, by even coming against the bride of Jesus Christ. It's terrible, but it's true. Amongst this group will be the ones like Judas who betrayed Jesus, betrayed the lamb of God, the like of Judas, who though entirely void of the spirit but are religious, watch that word, religious, will have manifestation in their lives. And though on the books were not the elected in him, such also is as Balam will be in that group. Fourth, and finally, are the ones whose names have never been or will ever be written on the books. And what a sad place this is. What a terribly, terribly sad place this is. And this is where I think, brothers and sisters, we have a job to do. We've got a real solid job to do as the elected. We are the Jesus Christ to this world. Amen. All the world will see of Jesus Christ is the truly elected bride body of Jesus Christ. These people have an opportunity to do good for her. When they do good for her, they have an opportunity to inherit eternal life. Even though they weren't created to have their name on the book, and even though their name actually currently isn't on the book, we can actually do good for people and let them inherit eternal life. Sometimes getting all the money off the table in a business deal is not the right thing to do because it's after all it's not our money anyways, is it? It's all his. Amen. Alls we have to do is give him his 10%. And and whatever the offering is that he puts on our heart. But what I'm saying is trying to win at every single thing we do isn't always the right tactic. Sometimes we need to let other people win so that we know there's an opportunity for them to do good back to us or maybe to someone else who is an elected bride of Jesus Christ. We have an opportunity to actually impart eternal life in many ways. Not just saying, "Did you know that God sent a prophet? Did you know that if you come to my church, you could be saved? That we have signs and wonders in our midst that that you can actually get eternal life?" There's more to it than that, brothers and sisters. Being a good person, being a good human being can actually impart eternal life to people who never had a chance. What a tremendous thought that is. It makes me want to just go out and shake hands with as many people as I can see. Take as many people with me as possible. But we know that not everyone will be able to receive it. Or will everyone ever be able to do good? There's bad people in this world. There just is. Abel didn't do anything to Cain, did he? The only thing he did was worship different. Oh my. And when God accepted his worship but rejected Cain's, Cain couldn't handle that one. And and that's when you could see who was on the inside come out. Just add a little pressure. That's all it takes. Little bit of pressure and uh the real people come to the surface. My such are found in Revelations 13:8 and Revelation 17:8. And all that dwell on the earth shall worship him whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. The beast that thou sawst and was sawst was and is not and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit and go into predition. They that dwell on the earth shall wonder whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world. when they behold the beast that was and is not and yet is. Jesus said that a certain group would accept one who came in his own name, that one is the antichrist. And that is exactly what it says of them in Revelations 13:8 and 17:8. These were ordained of God, but not unto election. And with this group is such that are as Pharaoh. It says of him, even for this same purpose have I raised thee up vessels of wrath fitted to destruction. My Romans 9:17 and 22. None of these, excuse me, would be placed on the records of life. I'm not saying that there is no record of them. No doubt there is some kind of a record of them. but not in the records of life. You know, I can't help but think that's probably one of the biggest reasons why some people in this world strive to create a legacy because it's the only record there will be of their existence here, which is a really sad thing. Their purpose of existence has been dealt with slightly in the rest of this book, but we can add two more scriptures. Proverbs 16:4, "The Lord hath made the wicked for the day of evil." Job 21:30, "The wicked is reserved to the day of destruction. They shall be brought forth to the day of wrath." Now, all of that to say this, brothers and sisters, since this portion of the word is hard for the human mind to grasp, it must be accepted and believed by faith. Just like we can say, "I know that I'm saved. I know that God has saved my soul from the wrath of hell. I know that I will not have to go into the lake of fire because God saved me before the foundation of the world. How do I know? I had an experience. Something happened to me somewhere along the way and my thinking changed and my actions changed and I became a new creature in Christ Jesus. I I'm no longer the person that I used to be. Something happens to a believer when they accept the word of God. It's not just something that we say and it's not just something that we act. It's something that we live. Since this portion of the word is hard for the human mind to grasp, it must be accepted and believed by faith. Some will be offended by what I have set forth because they fail to understand the sovereignty of God which sets forth that God is God. And because he is God, one cannot defeat his councils or thwart his will and purpose. But he being omnipotent is ruling in all affairs and doing whatever he will with all his creation because all were created for his good pleasure. Brother Barry, why are you emphasizing that so much? Before the service, when I was going over this, I just couldn't help but think, yeah, Satan was all of God's creation. Satan was created by God, just like we were. Satan's not a creator, and he'll never create. The only thing he can do is pervert. That's the only tactic that he has is to pervert. But I just couldn't help but think, all were created for his good pleasure. Even Satan was created for his good pleasure so that God could actually have a tool in his tool chest. When he wants to have something happen, he's got something that will actually go and make it happen. God doesn't bring sickness upon people. God doesn't bring calamity on people. Satan allows that to happen. Satan brings that to pass. You know the story of Job? God was having a conversation. Yes. Satan turned up as usual and he said, "Where you been, Satan?" And he said, 'Well, I've been, you know, roaming to and fro in the world, checking out the governments and the people and all the different places. And he said, "Have you considered my servant Job?" And he must not have considered his servant Job. Or maybe he did, but couldn't get through to him because at one point he did say, "You got a hedge around him. If you just remove that hedge, I could get in and get him. I'll make him curse you to your face." We know the story too well. But this is the way it happens. This is the way it works. God doesn't come and bring the calamity. God told Satan in that moment, "Okay, go ahead, but don't touch his life." And and what a story when we think about calamities in our life. Job is is there and and and oh my, he gets the story of one calamity and and while they yet spoke while they're having the conversation, he's just trying to register, oh my my my children are dead. My children are are do they're dead. These are the ones that the whole the whole story of Job starts out with him making sacrifices, intercession for his children. All his children are dead while they yet spoke. Oh my, there's another calamity. And while he hears that one, he's trying to register that one. Yet another guy comes in and tells him of another one. Oh my. His children, his business, his flocks, his herds. Wow. His crops, everything gone. God never did it. Satan did it. The only thing he did was what God allowed him to do. Satan can only go as far as he has permission. Isn't that a beautiful thing? All were created for God's good pleasure. Even the devil, brothers and sisters, he's got no power other than what God gives him. My I'm going to stop reading that quote and I want to jump down. There's so much more that I did read last time from that one. You know, we talked about this about election. We're talking about election and understanding that election is the purpose for our conversation tonight for for the preaching tonight. The teaching tonight is about election and how some can be raised up created for election and some people can be raised up and created for destruction. How can that possibly be? We have already read it the punchline. We have to accept it just by faith. We cannot understand it as a human. It's impossible for us to understand as a human. You know the six times in the Bible. Romans chapter 9 verse 11, Romans 11:5, Romans 11:7, Romans 11 28, 1 Thessalonians 1:4, 2 Peter 1. Our scripture tonight, wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, ye shall never fall. just be diligent to make sure that we're dying out to ourselves daily, checking our election, making it sure. That is the way to do it. You know, we don't do uh we don't do risky things without being sure. We don't take and get in our cars and drive down the road without being sure that all the doors are closed and that all the seat belts are clicked. We are sure that we're going to be safe. How much more ought we to be with our salvation? And I I I'm preaching to brother Barry here tonight. Election is mentioned 17 times in the exposition of the seven church ages. It's mentioned 258 times in the message of the hour. We mentioned this last week. I remember and and you know the reason that we did is it's just not a foreign concept in the Bible or the message. Election is the key component to our lives. That is where we need to live. And why I I guess maybe am I saying this? I want to try and encourage us, brothers and sisters. This was kind of a a new thing for me in my life when I recognized, you know, I I even preached it, but didn't really fully realize it. But it came to me one day. You know, when we fall, not if we fall, when we fall down, just get back up. The worst thing that we can do is live in that moment of our fall. Today, tonight, tomorrow morning, tomorrow afternoon, tomorrow night, the next morning. Staying in that fallen state, saying, you know, I did that thing and I just can't get over it. I feel so terrible. I'm a I'm a horrible human. How can I ever be forgiven by God? Uh there's no way that he'll ever forgive me for that. It's the I don't know 27,000th time that I've done that thing and thought that thing or said that thing and it just never seems to go away. I I don't know how I'm ever going to get over it. And to just continually drag that thing around just a ball and chain. You know what we're doing is we're giving credence to the devil. That's right. He's saying good. They're not praying good. They're feeling down. Good. They're depressed. Good. They're going to lash out at their spouse. Good. They're going to be rude to their children. Right on. They're having a bad day. Oh my. Now they're feeling sick in their body. We're winning. No. Just say, "Lord, I failed you once again. Please forgive me. I I just want to commit my life into your hands." You know what? David was a man after God's own heart simply because of that. because he was quick to repent. He didn't drag it around with him. And I think that's truly the elected's position. When we're quick to repent, brothers and sisters, we don't give the devil any room. He's got no room. He's coming to the place where he won't even know what to do with us. Because he just can't keep us down. You know, the sacrifice was made before the foundation of the world for us. We saw it happen at Calvary. The world's going to celebrate it. We will, too. next weekend at Easter. We recognize it. It's a tremendous holiday. It's a tremendous uh tremendous thing that happened, but it's not where it's at. The life is not at Calvary. The life is here in each and every one of us. But the sacrifice was already made and and it's up to us to identify with our sacrifice. We will never be that sacrifice. So if we're continually trying to identify with ourselves, it's never going to happen. We're never going to measure up. We'll never add up. But if we are simply just willing to take him at his word, take him at his sacrifice, make sure that we work out our own calling and election, make sure that we know where we stand. We we will never fall. It says, "Ye shall never fall." And you know, for so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I know we talked about this earlier in the service saying that those brothers have passed over from this side of eternity through the portal of the word into eternal life. And so it's true. That's that's exactly right. That's what they've done. But I personally think while we're here and alive, while we are here and yet remain, there is a kingdom of God that is here for us to live in. And that entrance can be ministered unto us abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ through the baptism, the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. When that happens, that's where we come to the place, brothers and sisters, where the devil can't touch us. where we as believers, we're either up or we're getting up, but we're never down. That's not to say that we don't get down in our flesh, in our spirit. We do. And isn't it amazing how when we do get down, sometimes we just need a little nudge from someone to remember to pray about it. We just get caught up in our lives and in our minds. But that's the the greatest battle ever fought, isn't it? in our mind, not on the ground. You know, it's not a foreign concept election. And hopefully as we talk about these things, it will become less and less foreign and and more and more common, more and more uncommonly common to us that we could say, you know, I know that I can say I'm one of them. Romans 9 verse 20. Nay, maybe turn there with me. Romans 9:20, talking about election. How can one be made to have that entrance into the everlasting kingdom and the other one just destroyed, created to be destroyed? Romans 9:20. Nay, but oh man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus? Hath not the potter power over the clay? or the same lump to make one vessel unto honor and another unto dishonor. This is the God we're talking about. I just wanted to read those two verses. You know, it makes me think of the story brother Brandham told of how that one girl how she died. Brother Brandham prayed for her and and she was raised up, but yet she died and he went to God and said, "You owe me an answer. You owe me an explanation for her." And you know, how can anyone say that to God? And we know that he he understood very quickly that statement. How could anyone say that to God? He understood the scripture. Nobody questions God. It just doesn't happen. And uh you know, God explained it to him, and I'm not going to go too far into that, but there's times where we just have to accept God's will and say it just like Mary said, "Be it unto me according to thy will." You know, I uh just makes me think about some of the really difficult things that we've had to contend with in our life. And uh I just I I really really appreciate the elders and the ability to call upon elders. And for me, there's going to be a hole in my life because for very difficult decisions, I was uh really blessed to be able to call brother Pete Clawson. He's my grandpa, my wife's grandfather. And uh I I spent some time on the phone with him. And uh you know he told me this over and over again. He said not my will but thy will. That's what we want to seek in difficult moments. We want to have things our way. Many times and and I'm not saying that we shouldn't want it that way but more than anything as a believer I think we want to see the will of God in our lives. And uh we know brother Brandham he got to that place with the story that he was involved in. But out of the exposition of the seven church ages carrying on out of the Ephesian church age, brother Branomy says, "Now then I think there is something else you ought to know. The seven churches which are addressed by John are in Asia Minor and are all gentile churches." He does not speak to the church at Jerusalem which was mostly Jewish with perhaps just a few Gentiles in it. The reason is that God had turned from the Jews to the Gentiles. Thus the whole of the church ages is God dealing with the Gentiles and calling out a Gentile bride to himself. Isn't that a wonderful thing to think that he turned from the Jews, the the people that he chose to come to the world through and to be the Messiah, excuse me, to be the Messiah to those people he actually turned from so that he could call a bride of his own choosing. Now, this bride of his own choosing wasn't someone that he just decided now that he's here on earth, he's going to go and door knock and pass out pamphlets and maybe have some good street preachers and go through the ages and suddenly people are just going to decide that they're going to wow, they're going to accept this this thing that's happening. It's a tremendous opportunity to to hear about a good life, a better way to live. No, these are people that hear the voice of the vindicated prophet in the age in which they live in every one of the church ages. As we studied this book, we we saw it. We learned it. And and this is the people that were created before the foundation of the world. They were expressed at a certain time in a certain place, but their names were written on the book of the lamb that was slain before the foundation of the world. This wasn't something that just happened. We didn't just get our names inked on the book of life somewhere along the way because we stumbled into the mission on the corner because our parents taught us about the message of the hour. That's not the way it worked. Our names were written before there was even a speck of stardust. What a tremendous thing that is. I'm not going to read all of this quote here. There was just one little part that I wanted to talk about in here. Romans 11 1-8. I say then hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite of the seed of Abraham, the tribe of Benjamin. God hath not cast away his people, which he forneew. What ye not that the scripture saith of Elias? How he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying, Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digg thine altars, and I am left alone, and they seek my life. But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself 7,000 men who have not bowed the knee to the image of Baal. Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace. And that is such a wonderful little statement, that little sentence, the election of grace. That is such a tremendous thing for us. I have it highlighted. And I just think it's important to just maybe take a note of that. According to the election of grace and if by grace, then is it no more of works? Otherwise, grace is no more grace. But we know we live under a new covenant. We're living under the New Testament, the blood of the lamb. And and it's not just uh identifying with the blood and and and the bleeding of the lamb and going through all of the ritualistic technique. It's not about that at all. It's about the literal life that was in that lamb, the literal life that was in that blood, making a way for the Holy Ghost to come back upon the repentant believer. But not only that, brothers and sisters, I'm studying this and this is just a little look into maybe the future. what this is when we truly get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's not just staying there and saying, "Oh, I'm so glad I can say that I'm one of them and I can sing and shout because I've got the Holy Ghost." It's making way for the Holy Ghost himself to manifest in that life. And unless that happens, brothers and sisters, we can say we've got the Holy Ghost all we want. We can shout all we want. We can say amen all we want. But we have got to have that literal life of Jesus Christ manifesting in this flesh. And and I say, "Lord, help me. Help me." Because I sure don't feel like it. But isn't it wonderful that the prophet said, I say, God said through the prophet, the Holy Ghost is without sensation. We don't need to feel like it. We're not supposed to feel like it. It's a totally different thing than the way the devil has taken and spun it in the rest of the world. It's such a beautiful thing, you know. I'm going to just jump down another paragraph. Romans 11:25-29. For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery. Isn't it beautiful? We should understand this. Lest ye should be wise in your own conceits, that blindness in part is happened to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles be come in. And so all Israel shall be saved as it is written. Now remember though, I'm going to throw this out there and I know it's probably in here. All Israel is not Israel. All those people that claim to be Israel are not Israel. In fact, it even says in the church age book in the Bible, it says it as well that some are actually not just in the synagogue of Satan. They actually are the synagogue of Satan. It's a terrible thing. And so all Israel shall be saved, as it is written, there shall come out of Zion the deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob. For this is my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins. As concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sakes, but as touching the election, they are beloved for the Father's sakes. For the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. I don't know if we talked about this last week, but I just think it's so important, brothers and sisters, the Jews. For those people, I'm sure we're all on the same page with it, but I just want to say it. Jews are not the enemies of the Gentiles. Jews are our brethren. We just read it in the scripture here. I think this is so important. And many times I've heard people say it, those Jews, they're the ones. It's their fault. And I remember thinking it as a kid as I was growing up, even as an adult when I would start to think about this, Easter would come and there'd be all kinds of Easter programs and Easter movies and you you'd see all this different stuff in the world and how people talk. And you know, the Jews are not the enemies of the Gentiles. They're our brethren. They were simply blinded so that we could be called. How humble ought we to be instead of looking at them and and thinking that they did something wrong. Even though con consider it they chose a a murderer and a robber Barabus instead of Jesus, but it was so the scripture could be fulfilled. My so that we could be here tonight. All of that had to go down. I just feel like preaching an Easter service. But that's not for me this year here. I think it's just an amazing thing that we can look at this through the lens of the message through the lens of revelation and recognize our position as being elected out of the exposition of the seven church ages and the sourian church age brother Brham says but I don't want to yeah this part's important I'm just going to jump down though like Israel They wonder if God really loves them. How can God be just and loving if he stands by and watches his people suffer? Talking about the people in the dark ages. How can he be just and and watch? How can he be just and loving if he stands by and watches his people suffer? That is what they asked in Malachi 1:es 1:3. The burden of the Lord, the burden of the word of the Lord to Israel by Malachi. I have loved you, saith the Lord. Yet ye say, Wherein hast thou loved us? Was not Esau Jacob's brother? Sayaeth the Lord. Yet I loved Jacob, and I hated Esau, and laid his mountains and his heritage waste for the dragons of the wilderness. You see, they could not figure out God's love. I think it's so important for us to remember the the keystone revelation of the Bible. Who remembers the keystone revelation of the Bible? Just stick your hand up. We're we're in school tonight. These are these are lessons. The keystone revelation of the Bible is that God doesn't change. God doesn't change. He says it in the church age book. It's important, brothers and sisters. We change, our minds change, governments change, the the countries change, borders can change. You never know what can happen in this world. We live in in shifting sands. Anything can change in this world, but God does not change. And and we were talking about this in the Bible study this morning. I think it's so powerful, isn't it, to think that he doesn't change. Even though we make mistakes all the time, we're always changing and evolving and and falling down and getting up and having problems and issues in our lives, but he doesn't change. He's always the same person and he has this grace for us. We've been called unto elected grace. What a tremendous position that is. Goes on to say, they thought that love meant no suffering. They thought that love meant a baby with parental care. But God said that his love was elective love. Elective love. The proof of his love is election. Wow. I don't think that we can get all that there is out of this just in a conversation like this. Every time I read this and study it and and even speaking it now, I just I just think, man, that is so incredibly rich. The proof of his love is election. That no matter what happened, his love was proven truly by the fact they were chosen unto salvation. So brothers and sisters, when you fall down, when you have problems, when you feel like you've let God down, when you feel like you've let your brother down and your sister down and your husband or your wife or whoever down, read this. Read this and say this. Remember it. His love was elective love. The proof of his love is election. That no matter what happened, his love was proven truly by the fact that they were chosen under salvation. Who was chosen under salvation? Amen. We've been chosen under salvation. If we've got salvation, then we've been given elective love because God hath chosen you to salvation through sanctification of the spirit and belief of the truth. So the sanctification of the spirit isn't our spirit getting sanctified. That's his sanctified spirit coming and dwelling inside of us, sanctifying us, sanitizing us, cleaning us out, getting us ready, set aside for service. Not so that we could just be filled with the Holy Ghost. So that the Holy Ghost himself could come and actually live in our lives, live in our bones, live in this bag of flesh that we've been given here where this pest house no longer has preeminence because the King of Kings and Lord of Lords is now walking around in our flesh, wearing our clothes, driving our cars, eating our food, loving our families. Goodness, what a tremendous thought that is. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. How many here tonight would be ready for that? That's a pretty serious statement. We need to be ready for that tonight, brothers and sisters. Not tomorrow or next week or next month or sometime in the future. Maybe I'll be ready for it. I just don't know. I I'm just not sure. You know what? It's God's plan and his purpose. If we have been called unto election, it's all fine. Every single thing will work out just fine. He may commit you to death as he did Paul. He may commit you to suffering as he did Job. That's his prerogative. I think I was talking about this before, talking to one of the elders about how I just had this struggle. I just had this struggle. I hate it. Whoa, man. And he said to me, "That's your struggle?" I said, 'Yeah.' He said, 'Well, what would you rather have? The devil's got one punch coming to each in individual. That's what the prophet said. Would you rather have cancer or maybe be a quadripollegic or you know what what would you rather have? Because you're going to have something. We're all going to have to suffer with something. What would we rather have? It's God's prerogative. His love is not to coddle us like a little baby, keep us all swaddled up so we just can't get hurt and nothing can happen to us. He knows exactly what's going on. He's watching over us. But it's his prerogative. He's sovereign, but it's all with a purpose. If we can see that it's all with a purpose in the midst of our trials, my if he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author and frustration of frustration and not of peace. His purpose is that after we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. Isn't that wonderful? His love is elected, elective, and we have been chosen to salvation. I think this just gives us the ability, brothers and sisters, and someone's probably going to say, "It's easy for you to say, brother Barry, but it gives us the ability to forget all struggles in our minds." That's why I said, you know, when the problems come, when they do, maybe read that. Maybe just read that and think about it because it gives us the ability to recognize that we have been chosen unto salvation. We have not been chosen unto destruction. We're not that other half of the lump. The same lump of clay divided in two and one is a vessel unto honor and the other one is a vessel unto dishonor. You're not the vessel unto dishonor. Maybe once upon a time we felt like we were. But if we have the ability to receive salvation, then we have received elective love. So we have the ability to just take the struggles in our life and just put them on the back seat, put them on the back burner. They're not going to go away, but we can just push them aside and start to talk about the promise instead of the problem. And the more we talk about the promise, the smaller the problem will actually seem. But remember, brothers and sisters, his love is elective. And it doesn't make room for grace to be a disgrace. We can just do whatever we want. We can make excuses. We can make the hybrid message of the hour and and it'll work out. It it might work out. It might look like it'll work out here. We have everything looked after the way that we need it. But boy, when that time comes for us to cross over, remember that brother told brother Bradam, I don't want any problem when I get down to the river. You know, I want that token in my hand. Once upon a time, I ran a race and uh it was one leg of a a race. It was a an ultra marathon and it was at night. My leg was at night. It was 26 km through the woods and halfway through that leg of the race in the mountains, you had to cross a river and you had to get in a boat. There was a guy attendant there waiting for the runners to come. And the only way that you could get into that boat was to take the baton. The baton that they used in this relay race. It was a relay race if I didn't say that. And uh it was actually a coin. It was a coin, a token. And and this was when I was just brand new to the the message. I was two weeks before I got married. And I don't know, I just had a total transformation in my life. I was never ever going to be a runner. My brother was into this ultramarathon running stuff and and he wanted me to do it for a few years before. And I I wasn't living a life that would easily allow for anyone to be fit enough to to do that sort of thing. And anyways, once I got saved, my brother came to the place where he said, "Who are you?" And and what have you done with my brother? Because this guy is a brand new creature. You're you're you're different than anyone that I've ever talked to. And uh anyways, when I was running this race, we had to take this coin. You couldn't get in that boat to finish your leg of the race unless you had that coin. So while you're running through the woods in the dark, tripping over roots and going to different places in your mind, all of the runners throughout the day and throughout the night, they had to keep that coin. They had to make sure they had that token. And I just can't help but think, brothers and sisters, how much more do we need to make sure that we've got that token in our lives when we get to that place? We don't want to have to mess around and say, "I thought I had it in my pocket. I was sure it was right here." Oh my goodness. Just give me a second. You know, no, we need to know that. We know. We know the rich young ruler. He came face to face with the exact same word that we're talking about tonight, brothers and sisters. Many times we'll look at that story and say, "Well, that was Jesus in the days that Jesus was the Nazarene walking on on the earth in his flesh." And sure enough, it was. But he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. word. In the beginning was the word and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And that word is the exact same word that we preach here at Calgary living word. That word is Jesus Christ himself. And that is the word that will give us that token to make it across the river when that day comes. I think it's so beautiful. So beautiful. So, I'm just going to read as much of this as I can and I'm going to pick up here when we start next Wednesday, Lord willing because I don't think we can finish this election yet. It's making me want to preach and uh I think we're just getting started here tonight, but we got to end. Goodness. As Job said, this is out of the church age book. Carrying on, he puts strength in us. Job 23:6B. You see, he himself suffered. He learned obedience by the things that he suffered. talking about Jesus, he was actually made perfect by the things that he suffered. And remember, the character that he's looking for is made where? Through the fiery trials of afflictions here. That is the gold that's tried in the fire. That gold is not gold that is in the catacombs on in uh Rome underneath uh the Vatican City. That's not the gold we're talking about. Not the purest gold that we could find here on earth on the periodic table as an element. We're not talking about that gold. We're talking about character. That is the gold. That's the things that he suffered. Hebrews 5:8-9. Though he were a son, yet he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect. What made him perfect? Obedience. Obedience made his perfection. And our obedience to the word of God makes our perfection because we know full obedience to the complete word of God. What titles us to the token? It gives us the ability to have that token in our lives. He learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, I'll just call the musicians up. Being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. I say, 'Lord, help us to obey you. In plain language, the very character of Jesus was perfected by suffering. And according to Paul, he has left his church a measure of suffering that they too by their faith in God while suffering for him would come to a place of perfection. Why did he want this? James 1 2:4 My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, when you come into many sufferings, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh workketh patience. But patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. Boy, I'll just I'll just stop there. Why does he stand by? The reason is in Romans 8:17 to 18. Maybe stand with me as we close tonight. I'm just going to leave it right there. We'll pick up right there when we start next time. Why does he stand by? There's a reason for it and it's in his word. It's an amazing thing to just know that we have the ability to have elective love. We've given we've been given elective grace. We've been given salvation. And uh I I think that it's so beautiful because many times we can look at it and think, you know, we've been given all these wonderful great and precious promises, but yet we still have all these different sufferings while we're here and confusion and misunderstandings. But it's all under control, brothers and sisters. We just need to trust the Lord that he has it under control. Let's just bow in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for your elective love. Thank you, Father, for your elective grace. Father, I pray that tonight somehow some way that perhaps someone could be encouraged by the words that were spoken to recognize if we have salvation, we have healing. If we have salvation and we have healing, we have elective love. We have the love that you had for us, Lord, according to your plan before the foundation of the world. We're not looking for it. We we don't have to go and try and find it. It comes with our salvation that you've given us. But Lord, let us not confuse the sufferings in this life with your elective love or our salvation. Father, we know that we have to suffer. We know that we have to have a character that's fit to rule and reign with you in your throne. Help us, Lord, as we go through this world, as we go through the trials, to remember this, to remember that your love is elective and that you've chosen us and nothing is out of your sight. Nothing is out of your control. It's happening because you chose it to. Father, we just love you tonight and we just want to commit each life into your hands. Father, we pray for the services while we're away. You would just strengthen and encourage our brothers. Lord, give them all both a fresh coal off the altar. Lord, inspire them, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, we pray that you would just pour out a blessing that they can't even contain. And Father, we just ask Lord that you would grant us traveling mercies on the road there and while we're there and on the road back. Father, we never take it lightly that your angels are encamped about those who fear you. Father, we love you and we thank you for all that you've doing for us tonight, Lord. All that you've done for us today and all that you will do tomorrow. We just commit each life into your hands now as we go our separate ways. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about that name. Amen. Master, Savior Jesus, like the fragrance after the rain. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Kings and kingoms will all pass away. But there's something about your name. One more time. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus is [Music] something about that day. [Music] Master, Savior Jesus, the greatness after the rain. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Oh, kings and king. They will all pass away. But there's something about. Amen. Can we sing? You are my all and all. You are my all and all. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in all. Seeking you as a preious jewel. I want the Holy Ghost too. Lord, you are my all in all. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, all worthy is your name. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Taking my sin. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. Unless your name. Lord, you are my all in all. When I fall down, you lift me up. When I am dry, you feel my cup. You are my all. [Music] Jesus lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Jesus lamb of [Music] God. Amen. Something keeps holding me as we dismiss tonight. We know what that something is. I remember someone that used to sing this song. They would say, "Jesus keeps holding [Music] me." We'll start with a chorus. Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trust. I usern. [Music] I felt it was all that I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. But Jesus keeps holding me. Every day I see. is helping me faithfully to overcome my [Music] trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's our reality cuz Jesus is holding me. [Music] Satan lay before me his temptation of his desire to steal the way my faith but he can't do it. Amen. Glory to God. found the [Music] revelation the strength redeemer. God bless you tonight. Every day I see. [Music] I give you the reality is this holy king. [Music] See, the blue [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Green. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] There you go. [Music]
