################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 2025-05-04 Bro. Barry  - Faith Cometh By Hearing - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    2025-05-04 Bro. Barry  - Faith Cometh By Hearing
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJpJFJHdnMU
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson 
Sunday, May 4th, 2025

OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless each one of you. Welcome once again in the house of the Lord. Visitors and friends alike. Each one of you. Just good to be back in the house of the Lord in the service of the king this morning. Let's start this morning with just the chorus of my redeemer is faithful and true. Sorry, my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify that this life within me cries. Will I know my redeemer lives and who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? Oh yes. Who told the ocean you can only come this far and do show the moon where to hide till evening whose words alone can catch a falling star. Oh yes, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify that this life within me cries. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Oh, that very same God that spins things in orbit. Hear us to the weary, the sad and the low. All that say gentle hand that me and broken it coners and it brings me victory. Oh yes, I know my redeemer. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. Holy all creation testify that this life within me Christ my redeemer is. Oh I know my redeemer is. For I know my redeemer lives. Oh, all creation has to let this life cry. I know my redeemer. Oh, praise you. Oh Lord, praise you. Oh, let my life, oh Lord, praise you. [Music] Praise you Lord praise you. Oh let my life oh Lord praise you. Oh Lord, I come to you today. Yes, Lord. Oh, with a single prayer I pray. Is this our desire this morning? All that I [Music] do. Oh my. Oh Lord, praise [Music] you. Oh, praise you. Praise you. Holy night. Oh Lord, praise [Music] you. Praise you. Praise you. Oh, let my life. Oh Lord, praise you. Stand on this last verse. Oh Lord, you hold me out. A [Applause] claim and for your glory I was made. Use special You choose my life. Oh [Music] you praise [Music] you my life. Oh, praise you. Oh, praise you. Praise you. Oh yes. Let my life, oh Lord, praise [Music] you, father of life. You're never failing to forive. It's only by your mercy we are saved. Isn't that the truth this morning? Oh yes, Lord. If we would just fall upon your [Music] grad. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Walk [Music] around [Music] most pray this morning. Oh, father of love, you're never failing to forgive. Isn't that a loving God this morning? Each moment is a gift from you to live. Oh yes. We're only here to tell the world about your grace until the day you take us all away. [Music] So we cry out [Music] your life. Oh God, [Music] oh Jesus Christ. Oh yes, we [Music] Oh. [Music] [Applause] Oh. Oh. [Music] Lord Jesus, this morning Lord, we are singing scripture. Father, this is scripture. Our Lord Jesus, you said in your word, Lord, that if we call upon your name, you will hear, Lord Jesus. You said, "If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then will I hear from heaven. I will forgive their sin and I will heal their land. Lord Jesus, that is the God we are calling on this morning. We're calling on you, God, that's more than able. We're calling on you, God. Lord Jesus, you've done things in the past, Lord. And we come again, Lord, to say if you've done it in the past, you're more than able to do it again, Lord Jesus. We rely on that grace, Lord. We rely on that faith, Lord. We rely on your mercies, Lord. We rely on you, Lord, with our whole hearts, Lord Jesus. Grant it Lord Jesus. any need Lord Jesus we have in our hearts this morning Lord even the unspoken request even the ones we do not know Lord Jesus we ask Lord that you start to meet needs Lord Jesus give each one each one here Lord and those watching a testimony Father of your visitation Lord Jesus let there be something spectacular that we gain from the service today Lord Jesus bless the rest of the service oh God we pray bless the song service Lord continue to inspire the songs Lord Jesus inspire us Lord to join in worship Lord and give the glor Glory to your name, your name alone, heavenly father. Bless the the the preacher as it comes also, Father. We know you've prepared something, Lord Jesus, through him, for us, Lord. And we ask that you just speak to us, oh God. Thank you, heavenly father. We ask, Lord Jesus, that you you just bless every aspect of this service, those on their way coming, be with them, Lord Jesus, those traveling, Lord, those at le Oh, we ask that you continue to bless them, Lord Jesus. Bring more souls to your kingdom, heavenly father. Thank you, oh God. We bless your name in Jesus precious name. Amen. [Music] Amen. Thank you, my brother. Maybe shake someone's hand as you're seated this morning. Maybe somebody you don't know, but a brother and sister that you can say, "God bless you." Amen. Amen. Good to be a Christian this morning. He deserves the glory this morning. To God be the glory. Just a show of hands. Just break break tradition for a moment. How many feel that that God has done great things in your life? Well, there you go. That's unanimous. Let's just give God the praise he's worthy of this morning. He's worthy, isn't he? Well, to God be the glory. Great things he hath done. So love the world that he gave us his son. He lived in his life and atone for sin and he opened the life that all may go in. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the earth hear his voice. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the people rejoice to the father to Jesus the son glory great things he comes the perfect redemption the workers of blood to every believer the promise of This will be from Jesus receive. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the earth hear his voice. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the people rejoice. Oh come to the father through Jesus the son of glor glory. Great things he have done. Great things he have taugh. Great things he have done. [Music] Glorjoicing through Jesus the [Music] son and gater will praise for Jesus. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the earth. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let the people rejoice. Glory to the Father through Jesus the Son. Oh, and to give him the glory. Great things he has done. Give him praise. Thank great. Well, there is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by and by. Oh, I am going to meet you. I'm going to meet you over there in that hole beyond the sky. [Music] sing. [Music] for God's [Music] [Applause] chosen rush. You have heard a fearless and his only [Music] story and [Music] Oh, there [Music] are [Music] heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] son will be [Music] and oh there the will be missing all together and the sky will be passing on that day there will be no problem to uses will be our [Music] Thanks for having [Music] me. Oh, trust [Music] me. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] God's son will [Music] be in. Oh, what a Oh, I see. I want to. Oh, I wonder. Oh Lord, I'm so glad that I can [Music] [Applause] [Music] say my heart to his name. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] I can [Music] sing when you come. Oh my brother, sing this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will spark joy of singing and will give that soul away. It is burning now. I'm so glad I can say I'm [Music] Oh, I'm so glad I can say [Music] I'm Amen. Aren't you glad you're one of them? Glory be to his name. You know, just yesterday we were discussing whether we could come to church or not because of all the sickness and all of that. And by the grace of God, we are all here this morning. He'll do what he wants to do. Let's bow our hearts before him. Precious Lord and Savior, what a privilege to be your children. What a privilege to know you in the power of your resurrection. When the world is completely distracted, Father, it has pleased you to reveal yourself to us, Father. We know it's nothing we did, Father. It's your grace. It's your chosen. And we love you for it. We adore you for it, Father. And that is why we gather this morning, Father, to prepare for that beating in the air, Father. We know it sooner than we think, oh Lord. And so all we desire of you, oh Lord, even as we gather this morning, just give us a heart to receive of you, Father. We need to feed off you, Father. There is no doubt about how much strength we gain from you, oh Lord. There's no doubt, oh God, that our victory comes from you. All we're saying is, Father, keep us from distraction. Oh Lord, help us to focus on you, oh Lord, and to grow on in you, oh Lord, and to just love you and live in you, Father. This is the desire of your heart. That is why your bright gather this morning to express ourself in your presence. Father, you are worthy of all our praise, all our honor, all our adoration, everything that is in us. Father, we surrender this morning and we say, "Do as you please, oh Lord. Have your way, oh Lord. Oh precious savior, as we are coming, oh Lord, even with our titan offerings, we invite your presence, Lord. May you bless it, oh God. May he honor you, oh Lord. May you be pleased with what we bring God. Lord, take control of the remedy of service. Oh God, anoint the minister, but anoint the the hearers as well. Oh Lord, let us all be in the same wavelength and receive of you. Father, because that is what matters. That is why we gather here. So have your way. May your will be done, Father. We love and appreciate your precious savior. In Jesus Christ's name do we pray. Amen. Sing Jesus draw me close. 347 Jesus draw me close closer Lord to [Music] you or let the world around me fade away. Oh Jesus from [Music] Lord to you. Oh, I desire to worship him. You may have your seats this morning. Sing 606. Oh, I want to see just a chorus as brother and sister come perhaps as they come. And uh then I'll just ask brother Faren if you'd come up right after that help me out on a song. Amen. Oh, I want to see him [Music] look forever. [Music] Oh, God bless you all. I think this was the last My mom [Music] wrote I heard his voice an eagle scream. Come up high only believe. Come walk with me and be my love and we show all God's pleasures prove abide with me and God's etal treasures find a new creation in my blood. the final masterpiece of God. A brand new day, a brand new way, a part of me I give to thee. And this is what we'll speak about. The voice of God, Christ in a shout, the revelation of the hour. My spirit manifest in power to bring a bride to perfect love. The sovereign gift I do bestow. So walk with me and be my love and we shall all God's pleasures prove a brand new day, a brand new way. a part of me I give to thee. You'll realize the perfect truth and come to know it's Christ in you. A part of me in bridal form. The word of God in flesh restored. The new creation in my blood. The final masterpiece of God. Abide with me inside my mind and God's eternal treasures. Find a brand new day, a brand new way. A part of [Music] me I give to thee. [Music] Amen. Stand with me if you would. I'm just going to try this song. But Sister Michelle, I'm sure that was a that's a legacy. Wow. To have your mom write a song like that. How long has she been gone? How many years has she been gone? 10 10 years. 10 years. Yeah. About the same time my mom's been gone. What a legacy to sing a song that your mom wrote through Revelation. My goodness. 10 years ago. That song is just perfect even for today. We just thank the Lord for the gifts in the body for each one of us this morning. Uh to God be the glory is the song I came I just was in my heart this morning and actually yesterday I believe. Just going to ask brother Fen to help us out. We're going to sing the chorus first and then I'm going to ask brother Fen to sing the verse. He can sing it like no other. To God be the glory. To God be the gloryy. To [Music] God be the glory. To God be the glory for the things he had done. With his blood he has saved me. With his power he has raised me. Oh, to God be the glory for the things he have done. [Music] How can I say thanks for the things you have done for me? Things so undeserved. Yet you keep to prove your love for me. The voices of a million angels could not express my gratitude. All that I am and ever hope to be. I owe it all. I owe it all to [Music] everyone. To God be the glory. To God be the glory. Oh, to God be the glory for the things he has done. Oh, with his blood he has saved me. With his power he has raised me. Oh to God be the glory for the things he has done. Just let me live my life. Yes Lord. Let it be pleasing Lord to thee. And should I gain any [Music] praise, let it go to with his power. With his power, Lord, he has saved me with his power. with his power. He has raised all to God with the glory for the things he has done. Would you sing the first verse again, brother Faren? That's where pastor comes. How can I say thanks for the things you have done for me. Things so undeserved. Yet you give to prove your love for me. The voices of a million angels could not express my gratitude. Lord, all that I am and ever hope to be, I owe it all. I owe it all to thee. Oh to God the glory. Oh to [Applause] God be the glory. Oh to God. Oh, be the glory for the things he has done. Oh, with his [Music] blood. He has me. [Music] He has done. Amen. God bless you this morning. Welcome to the house of the Lord. If you have a need this morning, maybe just make it known unto him by way of an uplift hand. as we go to him in prayer this morning. We just want to bring a couple of requests. Um, Sister Mario is at home and not feeling well. We just want to ask the Lord to touch her. Amen. As well, we have a prayer request for Traveling Mercy for Sister Emily's mom who is traveling to Toronto tomorrow. She'll be away for two weeks. Two months. Sorry, not two weeks. Two months. And uh if you have a need just let them know. Gracious heavenly father this morning we thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your tender mercies to each and every one of us Lord. Father as we sang Lord Jesus we desire for all the glory to go to you. We know there's no way that we could be who we are in this world were it not for you. Was it not for your grace to each and every one of us, Lord Jesus, unmarited favor, Lord, where you had us in your mind before the foundation of the world to be able to be here hearing your word for the day in which we live. We thank you for that, Lord. We thank you for your presence this morning, this knowing, knowing, Lord, where two or three are gathered in your name, that you're already there. Amen. So, Father, we just want to ask, Lord Jesus, that you would have the preeminence that you desire and all that's said and all that's thought and all that's done in this service today, Father. We just ask, Lord, that you would give us ears to hear what your spirit saith unto the church, Lord. And, Father, that we would have those ears to be able to recognize it, Lord. And not just hear it, but Lord, a heart to receive it today. Amen. Father, we pray for the request, Lord, for Sister Emily's mom, Lord Jesus, traveling. We pray that you would just watch over her, Father. Be with her while she's away and then bring her back home safely at the appointed time. Father, we pray for Sister Mary, Lord, who is not feeling well. We pray that you would just touch her. Lord, we know how difficult it is to be a mom and the requirements, the pressures in the life of the the mom in the home. Lord, we pray that you would just give her strength, Lord. Amen. Give her encouragement, Lord Jesus. We pray that you would just raise her up, Lord. Father, we just ask, Lord, now that you would meet each and every need, made known unto you today by the way of an uplift hand, Father. We know that you've created us this way so that you could express yourself to us and through us. And we pray for those, Lord, who aren't here this morning, wherever they are, whatever they're doing, Lord. Some might be traveling, some might be sick, and some might just be cold and indifferent. Lord, we pray that you would just be with each and every one, Father. Lord, that you would just light that fire, Lord Jesus, that once burned clear and bright, Lord. Father, I pray that prayer for each one of us, Lord. Oh, Father, we need you. We need more of you, Father, in the day in which we live. We just love you, Lord. and we thank you and we just want to commit each need into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians and uh each one for the specials today. Certainly wonderful. Sets a beautiful atmosphere. We just like to welcome our visitors today. The Hansen's from Saskatchewan. God bless you. Long time no see. Good to see you again though. And uh we have brother Elisha visiting from BC. God bless you, brother. Certainly glad to see you. And uh Sister Emily Kenziki, I believe is her birthday today. Amen. We just want to acknowledge her. God richly bless you, sister. That's sister Becky. Becky NMF's mother, I believe. If you have your Bibles this morning, I would just like to turn to Romans chapter 10. Like to talk about a very familiar topic that I'm sure we're all very well familiar with. And uh hopefully we'd be preaching to the choir today, but I know we certainly have needs in our midst. And you know, sometimes we we can get truly saved and filled with the Holy Ghost and we can have our eagle eyes filmed over. That's a thing. Brother Brandham talked about that. And sometimes we just need a little bit of a an encouragement. So today, that's my prayer. That's my wish that we would be able to witness that in our lives. Amen. In Romans chapter 10, brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is that they might be saved. For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge. And my Bible in the footnotes it says devotion. So I just I just would like to mention this too, brothers and sisters. Remember that every scripture has a compound revelation and meaning. So when we read this scripture today, let's not think about Israel and put it off thousands of miles away, thousands of years in the past. Let's bring it right down home today and see our name in this scripture here. For I bear record, verse two, I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge. For they being ignorant of God's righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God. For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth. And we know that that's under the new covenant, the New Testament. And that's where we live under that covenant, unmmerited grace. Amen. Verse four, for Christ is the end of the law of righteousness to everyone that believeth. Do you believe on him this morning? Amen. For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, that the man which doeth these things shall live by them. But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, say not in thine heart, who shall ascend into heaven, that is to bring Christ down from above? Or who shall descend into the deep? That is to bring up Christ again from the dead. But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, even in thy mouth and in thy heart. Amen. That is the word of faith which we preach. That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. I feel like sometimes in our lives in the message of the hour, we can get so bogged down with the thinking that unless we see it through our glasses, were lost. This is the word of God. Amen. What is that last verse, last couple of verses, verse nine? that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shall believe in thine heart, that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Amen. For the heart of man believeth unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen. For the scripture saith, whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek. For the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. Amen. How then shall they call upon him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? As it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things. But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Isaiah saith, Lord, who hath believed our report? So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Let's just bow one more time. Heavenly Father, Lord, this morning I pray that you would just increase our faith. Amen. Lord Jesus, I pray that you would increase our hearing so that we could have more faith. And Lord, help me to get out of the way. Father, I pray that you could just Lord, take control of our service this morning. Lord, let us all get out of the way. Father, let the hearer and the speaker be one today. Father, let us be one with you. We pray that you would just be glorified now in all that's said and done. Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. We're certainly thankful to be back in service and uh I just really enjoy the scripture today. I believe the Lord just gave me something to go with and I'm really thankful for that. It's always uh interesting trying to find the mind of the Lord for a service. But you know when clarity comes and he gives us something a real direction, it is uh it's a real blessing. As our brother prayed this morning, I think it's just wonderful because the Lord did give us a word and uh here we are. We're certainly thankful. I trust that you had a a good start to the weekend and we can just get together and fellowship around the things of the Lord today. We had a nice little prayer meeting this Thursday and uh today I just would like to spa speak on uh verse 17 faith cometh by hearing. If I had to put a title that would be it. And I believe that's why we come to church. And I believe that's why we fellowship around the word of the Lord. I think it's a wonderful thing when we press play and we hear what the prophet said. And you know, I think it's so important to remember that it's not necessarily what the prophet said. We can get stuck on the prophet and what the prophet said, but we need to remember the prophet was actually the mouthpiece of God for the age. Just like every single church age, those church age messengers were not the message. They were the messengers and they brought a prophetic utterance from God. They opened their mouths and they spoke as they were led by the Holy Ghost in their lives. I think it's so beautiful that we can look at this scripture through the revelation of the word for our day and know where we stand. understanding that Christ is the end of the law of righteousness to everyone that believeth. And and I know I said earlier that we need to remember verse 8 and N. But what saith it? The word is nigh thee even in thy mouth and in thy heart that is the word of faith which we preach. If thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with a heart man believeth unto righteousness, and with a mouth confession is made unto salvation. It's a wonderful thing to realize this. I believe there is millions, there are millions and billions of people that will actually fall under this category. And I know we're there, too. And I don't mean to to say it in a way that could seem negative, but just because we can confess on the Lord Jesus Christ, it does not mean that we are truly elect. There is a difference. And I think it's a a wonderful thing. We've been studying what it means to have election to to look at election on Wednesday nights out of the the study that we took out of the exposition of the seven church ages, out of the Pergamian church age. Brother Brandham talks about election and how important it really is to understand. Um, but there's a difference between actually acknowledging Jesus Christ and being elected. That's right. Amen. There's millions and billions of impersonators of Christianity. And I'm going to say it that way today because I believe that's the way the prophet said it. And not just the way the prophet said it. I believe it's the way that God said it through the prophet. We need to understand there is a very clear difference. We can claim Jesus Christ. We can claim the blood. We can even claim Lord Jesus Christ. But unless he's Lord over every area of our life, he is not our Lord. And we can easily have a confession with our mouth that doesn't match our heart. Amen. Jesus even said it with their mouth. They speak, but their hearts are very far away from me. Amen. Many people, Brother Brandham says it, millions and billions of people will impersonate Christianity. And you know, I think it just comes down to the most basic things, but sometimes the most basic things are the most difficult things as human beings. That's where the devil comes around and trips us up because he gets us in our humanity. And I know because I'm a witness. He gets me in my humanity. And I I hate that. And and I know in Romans chapter 7, we we can look at this this scripture in Romans chapter 7 and think about what what kind of a vile man am I? And who who can save me from this this body of flesh, this pest house that I'm in? I constantly battle, you know, the the the flesh and our spirit are emnity with the word of God and the spirit of God. And they always will be. And I think it's really important to remind ourselves of this. We will never ever be able to fully mix this flesh with the word of God with the spirit of God. But what will happen is this flesh and this spirit will always come subjection to the word of God. Amen. When we truly are elected talking about faith today, faith cometh by hearing. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. It's very important to understand that we need the pure word of God. There's many many different ministries in this world. There's many different preachers in this world and I think it's kind of funny some of the things that I've seen I I've seen shared. You know, you'll you'll get uh uh this is this is here here this pastor or preacher I say pastor reluctantly hear this pastor's um exhortation and and this other one actually correcting bringing correction and and you see the video of a woman pastor preaching or a woman preaching in general and then you hear the other pastor's correction and he says so we have a woman preacher Enough said. There's nothing else to say. The whole world says that it's okay. But where did that come in? It's not right. One word off is the Garden of Eden. One word off is Satan's Eden. And that's what the Garden of Eden turned into. We know that. But faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. It's got to be the pure word of God. And you know, Brother Bradom, he talks about it in the message of the hour, the new birth. And and I want to say this today. I think it's so important to recognize that if we truly hear the word of God, the pure word of God, and we truly are elected, that we truly will have a new birth. There's no way around that because the woman, the church is the female, the elected is the female, are the female, however you want to say that. And and the spirit of the Lord brings life to that female. Amen. Amen. And when that happens, there's a new birth. Amen. There's a new life that comes forward. And brother Brandham, he says it very clearly to to to not have any reaction to the word of God. To not have some sort of stimulation, to not have some sort of event in our life where we don't know whether we've actually had a new birth. Have we had a new birth? Brother Brandham says that every single birth is a mess. Every single birth you remember. He says that there's squalling that goes on. There's crying that goes on. There's something that takes place in the heart of a believer when there's a new birth. I think it's so incredible to look at it. You know, we just had had a new birth in our house. We had a dog have a dog that had puppies. And it's just wonderful to see life come into the world. Anybody that's ever had a child, you brother Bradom talks about the new birth. He says it. You go into a pig pen, it's a mess when there's a birth. You go into a barn, it's a mess when there's a birth. Out in the field where cattle have babies, calves, it's a mess. Amen. It's the way it is. He says, you go into a hospital room, a perfectly steriliz sterilized hospital room, you have a baby, human baby birth. It's a mess. It's the way it works. It's God's program. It's no different for a new birth. And you know, we're in a one room schoolhouse here. We know that. So the people who actually are the veterans and and you have the new birth and you can say, "I know I've got it and I had it at this specific time." Just say, "Amen." For those people that are actually looking for that new birth because the new birth is truly the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And and we've got supporting quotes to go with this today. I think it's important to make sure that we know that. But outside of the Holy Ghost, you haven't actually been born again. That's right. It's very important to understand this, brothers and sisters. And some people I know say, "Why does he always harp about the Holy Ghost?" Because if you don't got the Holy Ghost, you're not born again. That's right. And maybe some of the elders don't see it that way and they just want to keep it that way. And that's okay. It's fine. You can keep it that way. But there's a new generation of youth that are coming up that need to know the truth. And I'm going to say this. I'm not going to go and sit in that throne of judgment and have anybody stand before that throne and say, "You never taught the truth. You never said what the prophet said." I'm going to say what the prophet said. We have got to repent for our sins, get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of our sins so that we can get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Then we have a new birth. Just claiming I I know the message of the hour. I I'm a part of a church. I'm a part of a church body. I listen to a message every single day. I've been to Jeffersonville. All of that is good. But are you saved? Have you received this Holy Ghost since you believe? Because if you don't know, you need to know. Outside of the Holy Ghost, there's no rapture. It's tribulation. And those people that go through the tribulation, some people want to go through the tribulation. I know it because I've talked to them. They say, "I live my life according to the message of the hour, the way that I I do, and that's just the way it's going to be." There's going to be people there. There are going to be people there, but they're going to give their life for this message. They're going to give their life for the testimony of Jesus Christ. We've been given a platter of unmmerited favor, grace, to just accept the word, to just believe the word. Amen. not try and produce the word, not try and associate with the word, just to allow the word to become us, to allow ourselves to humble ourselves to the word of God. The new birth is a mess, brothers and sisters. It's not it's not an easy thing. It's not a simple thing. We don't just get the Holy Ghost and and there's no sensation. Brother Brandham says it's without sensation. I'll say it this way. I agree with that. But it's not without emotion. If you've ever witnessed the birth of a baby, how many have ever witnessed the birth of a baby, even someone else's, and not gotten emotional, we hold babies and get emotional. Something takes place, but when the Holy Ghost comes, it is without sensation because it's not about some sort of sensation or some sort of fanaticism. Remember, the devil can impersonate any gift of the Holy Ghost. Brother Brandham says that that's astounding to think about. The only thing he can't do is accept the word. That's all. But when someone says they accept the word and they truly are baptized with the Holy Ghost, what's going to happen? They're going to live that word. They're not just going to say, "I believe that word. Amen. I got the Holy Ghost." When that happens, they're confessing with their mouth, but their heart is very far away. Out of 1958 in church order, you know, the the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we we talked about this a while ago, and I think it's so important to just dwell here. So, just bear with me if if if you know this and and it's just maybe a little bit much, seems like we're laboring this. I know there's people that don't have the Holy Ghost and they need the Holy Ghost. We have to have the Holy Ghost, brothers and sisters. Brother Vanam says this, "We believe that the Holy Spirit is putting the same vessel in service." So, we are vessels. We've talked about that. There's there's one lump of clay, right? We've talked about this and how it's divided. And two vessels are made with one lump of clay. This is out of the word. This is out of the Bible. And and one vessel is for honor and one vessel is for dishonor. One vessel will be filled with the Holy Spirit and the other one will just be left with whatever spirit the world has to offer it. And that's the way it is. One is elected and one is not elected. And the ones that aren't elected are are fit to be destroyed. That's the word of God. It's not up to us to decide who is who. It's up to God. And our actions will demonstrate what vessel we are. But he talks about this not being another step. It's the same thing, but it's just a furtherance. He says, "We believe that the Holy Spirit is putting the same vessel in service." The one that actually out of Romans chapter 10 here, confesses with the mouth, believes with the heart, confesses with the mouth, right? Repents, and then goes and gets baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's the same same thing. Amen. We believe that the Holy Spirit is putting the same vessel in service. That the Holy Spirit is not another step of grace, but more of the same grace that fills the believer to the extent where the signs and wonders such as the apostolic gifts spoken of in 1 Corinthians 12 manifest themselves through this believer. when the Holy Spirit comes in to take up the gift. I believe that the scripture teaches that gifts and callings are without repentance. Amen. That when we are born in this world, we are sent here by one purpose, that is of God. And that before we are even become adults, while we are yet, the gifts that we have of God is in us then. And only the filling of the Holy Spirit puts these gifts into operation. But we have them in the beginning such as teachers and apostles and prophets and gifts of tongues and the nine spiritual gifts according to 1 Corinthians 12. Now we believe that these gifts are in operation today and they should be in every local church. Although in such we have found throughout the world that there is much fanaticism hooked along with people who profess to be apostolic believers. It can be very very easy to confess and to profess. Confession is is is is bearing our soul. Profession is maybe beating our chest and saying this is what I believe. I I believe the message of the hour. I believe I'm a Christian. You know what? We don't have to say a word to anyone. We can just live our lives before man and they will say, "What's the difference with you? What's the problem? Why why are you so different? We don't have to profess to people that we're Christian." He says, "Although and such we found throughout the world that there is much fanaticism hooked along with people who profess to be apostolic believers." This is what gives Christianity a bad name. What does Christian mean? It means to be Christlike. Christlike, not brother Barry with a little bit of Christ. It means to be Christlike in our lives. We have got to be demonstrating Christ. Living Christ. Amen. But there's a lot of people in the world that profess it, but they don't live it. That's right. And what happens is they bring a bad name to Christianity. But you know, I think it's so beautiful, brothers and sisters, just because we maybe can look around and see people even in the message, let's just be honest and and bring it right home because we're talking to the believers here and maybe young people that need to know this stuff just because we see people that maybe live a double life. Maybe we can't understand why they act the way they act. Maybe they're not living a double life, but maybe we just don't understand why they would be one way in one position and something totally different when it comes to church. It's not up to us to understand it. We're not going to be able to stand before God and say, "But don't you know, maybe this brother did this and this sister did that. That's why I behaved the way I behaved." God's not going to say, "Oh, that's okay, darling. Don't worry about that. Here's a past for you." He's going to say, "Did you accept my provision for the day in which you lived? Amen. That's right. So to get upset because someone stepped on your toes at church one day and now I'm just upset and I'm not going back to church again, that's not going to be enough on that day. Right? The fanaticism is what trips people up and that's where the devil loves it. He just loves to get in there. Oh my, someone gets hurt, they feel offended, and they got to run away. Why is there going to be different areas in heaven? There's going to be quadrants. Northeast, southeast, northwest, southwest, heaven. I think if there is, it'll be like north, northwest, like three-dimensional. Probably more triangular if anything according to the word of God. But there isn't going to be different areas. There isn't going to be different camps. My I've just been feasting and in in just after the feast of the trumpets in 1964 and going beyond the camp for the people that know that message. Brother Brandham talks about it many times. People want to just go beyond the camp of the Lord with their own ideas about how things should be. When we do that, we make a disgrace. We become fanatics. We need to just stay in the camp. But brother Bradom takes it and he says also we need to go beyond the camp. We need to go beyond just being safe in our comfort zone, saying that I know that I know and nobody can teach me otherwise. We've got to be willing to allow the spirit to reveal himself to us. I think it's awesome how he says this that you know the gifts now we believe that these gifts are in operation today. Corinthians 12, 1 Corinthians 12, these gifts are in operation today and they should be in every local church. But why aren't they? Many times it's because of the fanaticism that we've witnessed in our lives. We've seen people acting out and and and maybe seeing things happen the way they're not supposed to happen according to church order and what God said through the prophet in the day in which we live. Does that change the fact that the gifts are real and that the prophet said they should be in operation in the local church? It doesn't change it one bit. Amen. Doesn't matter if someone steps on our toes. Doesn't matter if somebody acts out of order in church. I'm not going to stop serving God. Although in such we found throughout the world that there is much fanaticism hooked along with people who profess apos profess to be apostolic believers just as they are in other orders and so forth. We have fanatics. It's not just brother Barry saying this is, you know, let's just take the message and mix it up a little bit. This is a prophet saying this. We have fanatics. There's fanatics. There's fanatics. And I'm not going to go into examples and and whatever. I I'm just going to say there's fanatics. So, young people, old people, middle people, there's fanatics. There's always going to be fanatics. Don't let it get in the way of serving God with all of your heart. Don't let it get in the way of worshiping God with all you've got to worship him with. It's the devil. Just as they are in other orders and so forth, we have fanatics. Yes, we do. I'm not saying there's any here, just for the record. That's been all along. And we've had those through the ages. They had in the apostolic day. And as Paul said there that how that some had come and persuaded them away after other doctrines and so forth. But in his own teaching he said if an angel from heaven would teach anything else than what he had taught, let him be accursed. I just think this is so good. This is the fundamental foundation for the church. But many times we'll say, well, maybe the church is do we won't. Where did it where did it become legal according to the word of God for a woman to preach? I wonder that just because hundreds, thousands, maybe millions are out there doing it doesn't make it right. Same thing with a female wearing garments that pertain to a man. And same thing for a male wearing garments that pertain to a female. Both of those are called abomination in the Bible. Yes, sir. Just like a woman cutting her hair, which is her covering. Just like a man letting his hair grow out. My, you see, so many times men in the world, they're preachers, but they've got hair down past their shoulders. They've got all kinds of different manifestations. I just think it's so beautiful. When we truly believe the word of God, we're going to line up with the word for our day. Amen. It's a pretty simple thing. But simple is not easy, is it? God hiding himself in simplicity and revealing himself in the same. His hair is not long. His hair's not long. God bless you, brothers. You know what? I I probably need a haircut, too, myself. I'll be honest. But I'm talking about hair that's going down your back. I'm talking about men with with with man buns. Oh, Lord, forgive me. But what's the deal, right? The word of God says that a man should actually have his haircut. And the word of God says that a woman shouldn't cut her hair. These are these are simple things. These are fundamental things. But because all all manner of people are doing it, it seems to be okay. It's not okay. We're not going to get a pass for it. I think it's beautiful the scripture today, brothers and sisters, faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. And and maybe some people are saying, "So why are you picking on us today, Brother Barry?" I'm not trying to pick on anybody. I just want to say the truth. I just want to speak the truth because I know there's people that desire the Holy Ghost in their life. And the only way we're going to get the Holy Ghost, brothers and sisters, is to come absolutely sincere to the word of God. If we have one iota of I can do this, even though the prophet said do that, we're not going to get the Holy Ghost. It's not going to happen. We have got to come exactly according to the recipe. Like we talked about on Wednesday, if you take a chocolate cake and you bake it and you just substitute salt for the sugar, it's going to taste horrible. It might look exactly the same, might have the exact same texture. I don't know if it would. Someone here who bakes might know, but it might look exactly the the right way, but as soon as you taste it, you're going to want to throw up. And we know that's what the Lord said, right, for the Leodysian church age. Because you're not hot, because you're not cold and you're lukewarm, I'll spew you out of my mouth. It's not appetizing. But when we bring a sacrifice of praise, I know we talked about it many times. It's a joyful noise. It doesn't have to be perfectly tuned, perfectly timed, perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect. When we start with that business, then it's not even his righteousness. It's ours. And we know that's filthy rags before the Lord. We want to just allow his spirit to have liberty in our midst. You know, in in in 1963, Brother Brandham in Is worthy of the gospel, he talks about there being no Christianity there at all. I think this is so important, brothers and sisters, to the day in which we live. We know the prophet was storing up food for a season. And I can't help but think this is a this is a time when there is a famine in the land, is there not? And it's not a famine for food, man. We got more food than we could ever know what to do with in in in the place in which we live. If anybody here is starving for food, goodness, just let us know and we can certainly help you out. But I don't think anybody here is starving for food. We we're not starving for food. There's not a famine for food in the land. It's a famine for the word of God. It's a famine to actually desire the sincere word of God in the day in which we live. But brother Bham talks about this in 1963. Is your life worthy of the gospel? He says when this takes place, the thing you'll do then you'll find out that the spirit comes in you from the new birth. You will believe and do everything that God says in his word is for you. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. Talking about faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word of God. And when that faith comes into us, brothers and sisters, we just want to line up with the word all the way with the word. There's no excuses. There's no no way that we're going to say, "Well, I I've been baptized in titles. I'm good. I was baptized in the name of the father, the son, the holy ghost. I could have done that myself. I was when I was back in the Pentecostal church. I was baptized in titles. But I came to know there was actually something a little more. And and what happened was I wanted to line up with that. If there is a promise in that word for me, then I want it. I want all of it. I don't want part of it. Yes. I want all of that promise. How many people are either all the way in or all the way out here today? Amen. Not just partial here, partial there. I know there's some very passionate individuals here. And and through that passion, it causes us to act and act hard on the things that we encounter. And I highly recommend it. Don't love halfway. Don't serve halfway. Don't go to work and only do a halfbaked job for your boss. Give everything you've got in your life and see if God won't bless it. The spirit comes in you from the new birth. You will believe and do everything that God says in his word is for you to do. And everything the Bible quotes for you to do, you'll punctuate it with an amen. Amen. And you know, I want to say this, when we punctuate it with an amen, the level he's talking about here isn't just saying amen in church, even though he is. Because if you want a blessing, brothers and sisters, come and say amen to a live ministry and watch your amens take the ministry and meet the need in your life. Watch the amens speak to the minister, which actually causes him to surrender further to the word, and God will speak to you. Amen. You'll punctuate it with an amen. And you'll not stop day and night until you receive it. That's right. That's right. And in all this time, you'll certainly above everything bear the fruit of the spirit. Amen. Amen. My I think this is so good. We will bear the fruit of the spirit. Brothers and sisters, you say, "Will I speak with tongues?" You might do that and you might not. Will I shout? You might do that. You might not. But there's one sure thing you will do. You will bear the fruit of the spirit. Isn't that wonderful? I I I don't know. I think it's really important just to take a step back sometimes and dwell on these things because they can be com common. We can maybe take them for granted, things that we just know. I I came from the Pentecostal ranks and I remember vividly hearing that the the baptism of the Holy Ghost is the initial evidence is when you speak in tongues and I remember vividly lots of tongue speaking, lots of tongue speaking, lots of interpretations, lots and lots and lots. It was just common place. Was it wrong? Maybe, maybe not. Was it the spirit of God? Yes. Was it actually according to the word of God? Maybe. Maybe not. I was too young to be able to tell for sure. But I remember vividly someone speaking in tongues and another one interpreting standing at the front of the church on that side. I was little sitting back over here on this side of the church and and vividly remember a tight leather miniskirt. A granny, she was probably 50 years old to me at the time. I'm 52. But but here she was at the front of the church interpreting with high heels, tight leather minikirt, earrings, and short hair. And she would just speak the word of God just with all of her voice. Just shout it. And I remember hearing this and and and growing up thinking, "Wow, that must have been the spirit of God." And then I came around the message of the hour and thought, "No, they're all false. It's all wrong. It's all improper. It's out of order. Those people are sinners. Doomed." But then I heard anointed once at the end time and recognize it is the spirit of God. Amen. It's just a false vessel. It's the wrong vessel. Whether that woman is saved or not, I I don't know. It's not up to me to decide that. It's up to God. But I can say for sure that I've witnessed that. But you know, just because that happens, it doesn't mean it's right is my point. Just because that happens, it doesn't mean it's wrong. We need to be very careful. Like I said earlier, just because we've maybe seen fanaticism or heard fanaticism, don't don't don't get upset. Don't get upset when we see someone speak in tonesues here. I'm not trying to preach that we need to speak in tongues. What I am saying is the prophet of God yet God said through the prophet that these gifts would be in every single local church. So, we don't need to get uncomfortable. If we're getting uncomfortable, there's something wrong because it's the spirit of God and those gifts are supposed to be in the church. Amen. I love how he says it here, but there's one sure thing you will do. You will bear the fruit of the spirit. I say, Lord, help me to bear the fruit of the spirit. I don't want to just profess. I know the message. When people ask me, "What do you do?" "Oh, I'm a pastor." "You're a pastor." I want people to say, "What's wrong with you? Why are you so different? Why do you actually have such an atmosphere around you all the time? That's what I want to have. And then be able to say, well, I, you know, I go to a church. I don't want to be beating my chest saying, I'm a pastor. I'm a pastor. I believe the message of the hour. I want to say that I'm a Christian. I'm a true Christian. Because really, brothers and sisters, we're going to get to the quote. I'm going to jump ahead like I always do. The only true Christians in the world today are the ones that believe this message of the hour. Now I'm not saying the message according to William Mary and Brandham. I'm saying the message according to Paul the Apostle. If any angel any man or an angel come and preach any other gospel than what I've already preached than what we've already taught, what we've already heard, what Paul said, then let him be accursed. Right? He set the pattern in order. Who changed that? Why did it change? I think it's beautiful. That's why I'm harping today because we had a prophet come and say, "Get back in line with the word." Just get in line with the word. And I talk about it many times. I can't help but think about it what it would have been like in in the times of Jeremiah in in Israel in Jerusalem, the prophet of God crying out, "Just get back to the word." If the king would just humble himself in the sight of the Lord, he could live. It's no different today. only the king that's actually got the city under siege. He's the king of the whole earth right now, this earth, the way the condition it is. He's the god of this evil age. Once upon a time, it was the king of Assyria that that the that was surrounding the city. It was the king of the north. It was it was the fury from the north that was like the boiling seething pot pouring out. But today we've got highly polished, beautiful preachers not preaching the word of the vindicated prophet. But there's one sure thing you will do. You will bear the fruit of the spirit. And the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, faith, longsuffering, meekness, gentleness, patience. He says your temper will not be ooh just remember when you got that that poisons the Holy Spirit away from you. See when we got a temper the temper poisons the Holy Spirit away from us. I say Lord help me not have a temper. Help me not get into a position where I just hold on to things because I've got a temper, because I'm angry, because I think that if I get mad and I just express my anger to everyone, somehow the situation's going to get better. Why do we think that as human beings? Why do we think that if we express our anger in the situation, somehow the world's going to get better? Sometimes I think people get afraid because you look like a lunatic. But it sure doesn't help us in our marriage. It sure doesn't help us with our neighbors. It sure doesn't allow us to demonstrate the fruit of the spirit. I think it's so beautiful the way that came to me the one time. You know, the fruit of the spirit is not for us to pick off our own tree. It's for other people to actually partake from our tree. Someone going through a terrible situation, they might just need a little bit of joy in their life. And we come into the room with the fruit of the spirit. They can say, "Whoa, look at that nice, ripe joy." And not even understand what they're doing, but somehow they just love to be around you. Amen. And when they do, it's a good thing. But that fruit of the spirit is what we need. He says, "When you get to a place that you want to fuss with everybody you come along to, there's something wrong." And you know what I'll say, brothers and sisters? I'll tell you what it is. It's a critical spirit. Sometimes we can get that way. That tie isn't straight. Oh, there's no tie. That hair is a little bit long. That hair is a little bit short. That guy yells. He's got bad breath. Oh, he didn't say this. He didn't sing that song. We didn't do this. We should have done that or the other. As soon as we're doing that, what does he say here? Your temper is one thing, but when you get to a place that you fuss with everybody you come along to, there's something wrong. When you get to a place where the a minister will read from the Bible and it's wrong to do a certain thing and you'll just we know what he's saying. When when you'll just wse at it or you'll say, "Ah, I've heard it or I'll take that with a grain of salt. I'm not going to accept that because I've already got it or whatever." When that happens, brother Brandham, he says there's no Christianity there at all. This is the prophet. This is God speaking through his speaker to this age. Amen. And we're busy fussing about things, fussing about this, fussing about that. Oh, there's this, there's that. We call it nitpicking, don't we? nitpicking about this. The way he plays, the way he doesn't play, the way the music is, the way we could go on and on and on and on and on about it. Maybe sometimes when we go out to a restaurant, you could never sit down and just eat because there's always something wrong. Brother Brandham, he says it. Just remember, there's no Christianity there at all. And I want to say this, that doesn't mean that if a person has a devil coming around and causing them to behave this way, it doesn't mean they're not a Christian because they might go and fight that battle every single day. They get up. Paul said, "I die daily." What did he contend with? I can only imagine if he was a Hebrew of Hebrews of the tribe of Benjamin understanding all that was ever taught by the theologians, his knowledge, he would have had to kill it every single day. And I can only imagine that's why he said I had to take everything that I thought I knew after I got knocked down off my high horse by that pillar of fire for the day in which I lived. When I actually saw the revelation, I didn't just say, "Wow, I had a tremendous experience in my life. I know I'm saved." He said, "I went out into Arabia. I took four years of my life and I went and compared the scripture with the revelations that were bursting in my soul. And by taking the word of God and the revelations, he was able to come to a conclusion. All that I thought that I knew, I had to kill. I had to throw it out. Brothers and sisters, I want to say it today. There could be some sitting here that believe that they know the message of the hour for 40 years. And the spirit of God is crying out to you to throw out all that you know and just allow him to minister to you fresh today. Not because of brother Barry. I got nothing to offer. But I'll tell you what, he's got everything to offer. But when we're busy fussing and acting that way with a temper or whatever, he says there's no Christianity there at all. He says now that's now that by their fruits you shall know them. That's what Jesus said. See it can be real easy to confess. It can be real easy to profess. Oh my. We say it many times. Talk is cheap. But can we walk the walk instead of talking the talk? I'm preaching to me here. Can we do that? Does the world around us see Jesus Christ when we walk into a room? The last thing we want is for people to think that there's no Christianity there at all. And I can't help but think if we have to try and say, you know, I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. Why are we saying that? It's like someone going around and saying, "I'm rich. I got lots of money. I got to buy a Corvette and I got to put really shiny rims on it and I've got to have a big fat house and I've got to do all this stuff. I got to have maybe bling. I got to have all this stuff in my life so that people can see that I'm rich. Why? What's the point? I would say this. If we're rich in worldly goods and devoid of the spirit of God, there's a problem. He says if it's the word and God said so that spirit in you will cope with that word every time. You know that word cope. I think we talked about this in the past and I'm just going to say it again. I think it's really important to understand it. I don't think that word cope means that we're just going to be able to make do with it and bear with it and and be able to just have patience with it and and and just withstand it and, you know, exercise our our our patience to just be able to endure. Listening to brother Barry harp about this again for another hour, just cope with it, just barely get by. I don't think that's what he's saying at all. What I think he's talking about here is being able to cope is where you actually take something that has a pattern. Amen. If you look at crown molding in a building or even on a baseboard, we could all see the baseboard that's in the church here. There's a profile on that baseboard. When the two baseboards come together in the corner, somehow you have to get them to match up. Sometimes people don't do that. They just butt them up and put a little caulking on it and it looks awful. But you can actually cope them. you can cope them. And what you can do is take one and actually cut it out to the exact same pattern. That's called coping. And when you do that, when it's coped properly, it will come together and it will look like one, right? It won't look like two pieces of wood. You won't have to put any dap on it. You won't have to put any filler in there. All you would do is just put a little paint on it and it will look like it's one piece of wood. And I think this is so good, the word here. cope with that word every single time. We don't want the word to cope with us. We want us to cope with that word. We want to put ourselves on the chopping block and actually be able to be cut and shaped and molded just like that masterpiece, right? We were talking about to the place where he looks at that masterpiece and sees himself, sees his image in that masterpiece. And then he says, "Speak the word." It's the third pull. You've got nothing to be afraid of. If it's the word and God said so, that spirit in you will cope with that word every time because genuine Holy Spirit will cope with the word. Amen. Other spirits will make excuses. Jesus said, "My words are life." And if you've got eternal life and he is the word, how can the word deny the word? See, what kind of a person would you make God? That's one thing to know that when you're a Christian, when you can fully agree upon every word of God, and this is where it becomes so so dramatic and maybe so treacherous, so risky according to the message of the hour because some people will just say, "Well, brother Brandham, he fell off in 1965. He went over the edge and went into some crazy doctrines." But all he did was point back to the word of God. He didn't bring a new doctrine. He didn't bring a new word of God. He pointed back to the old original word of God. And many people don't like it because it actually it kind of hurts the flesh. It can pinch the flesh. And some of the new more modern versions of the Bible, they just disregard certain scriptures and they make it easier to be a Christian. I I think it's so wonderful. I heard a a term and I think it's important for us to maybe remember this term. There's something out there that's called easy belieism. Easy belieism. And that's what Christianity in on mass in this world is built upon. You can listen to rock and roll. It won't hurt you. You can have the odd drink. It's not a big deal. It's okay. We can go to shows, go to sporting events. We'll do all the stuff the world does and we'll get more excited when we go to those events and places than we would when we get into the house of God. Easy belieism. The interesting thing is though, the people in the world that are parts of the of the mainstream Christianity, they get right into the spirit of things, and I know we do too. But I think it's important to just remember it's a real fine line between having the baptism of the Holy Ghost and believing that you do, but not actually. We don't want to confess with our mouth and then not go all the way. What good is that? I heard it said many times, be a miserable existence. It would be miserable to act like a Christian but not really reap the benefits of of of seeing what the Holy Ghost would do in our lives. Amen. 1963, a paradox says, "Now according to Webster, a paradox is something that seems incredible, but it's true." Isn't that wonderful? Incredible, but it's true. And that is an example of each and every one of us. Amen. in our lives, the lives that we live today. To be a Christian in this world, to be a real Christian in this world means that we're lining up with every word, not making excuses for it. That that's a paradox because not everyone can do it. Now, according to Webster, a paradox is something that seems incredible but is true. Therefore, a paradox then would be the same as a miracle. You know, brother Bradam says that that's the greatest miracle is the life of a believer being able to be transformed by the renewing of our minds to be go go from being a cockleber to being a wheat to to go from being a sinner to being a saint. That's the greatest miracle. It's a paradox. A paradox is when something that that seems like it just couldn't be. The knowledge of the human mind, it's altogether incredible. the knowledge of the human mind. Paul said, "I count it all dung for this revelation that I got from the Lord. I count it all dung." Human human knowledge. It's altogether incredible, but yet it's proven true. Our lives somehow we desire to serve God. We desire this message of the hour. We desire to press play when we're alone. When we could just turn on the radio, we could just turn on a talk show. We could just get on to Sirius XM radio. We could just follow the news, all of that. But something inside us constrains us to feed upon the word for our day. We want to hear the message of the hour. We want to hear the prophetic utterance. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, a miracle would be the same thing for a miracle cannot be explained. A miracle is something that happens and you cannot explain it. That make it a paradox. It's incredible. But yet it's the truth. It's incredible that we can believe this word. It's incredible that we can hear this word. It's incredible that we can respond to it. Now, people today, a lot of modernists believe that the days of miracles are passed. They don't believe there is such a thing as a miracle. But yet, I believe that the world is full of miracles. I believe the paradox is constantly and I want to say this today brothers and sisters old and young the miracles happen constantly the paradoxes happen constantly in our lives I don't know if we've all experienced it I'm sure we have times in our life where we say how did that happen how could that possibly happen in my life in a good way sometimes we say that too in a bad way. How could that possibly happen? But I believe it's God in his grace because he always brings us through those negative ones. He always does. But there's many times there's so so good things, such good things that happen in our lives, we just cannot explain it. How did that happen? Right? It's God. It's a paradox. And the paradox is constantly for instance I believe that every born again member of the body of Christ is a paradox in themselves to be able to believe this word in the midst of a famine in the land. Nobody wants to hear the word of God. Nobody wants to hear about about a prophet especially that God would send a prophet to this age. This whole world is not interested. There's a few maybe there must be because we're still here. There's a couple last predestinated seeds, but it's not a great revival. The great revival happened. We know that back in the 50s, the 60s, lots of impersonators rose up. But the 70s happened. It's no wonder the prophet said, "I can't see anything past 1977." And he said, "I predict." He didn't say, "Thus sayaith the Lord," but it caused so many people, the fanaticisms, to go off. I believe that every born again member of the body of Christ is a paradox in themselves. I believe that each one of you Methodist and Presbyterian and Lutheran that never had experienced the baptism of the Holy Spirit, was in some formal church that did not believe in the genuine new birth and has now received the baptism of the Holy Ghost is a perfect example of a paradox. Isn't that beautiful? Oh my Excuse me. Woo. There's nowhere to hide when that comes. Amen. All these people, the Presbyterians, the Lutherans, and I'll say this, Pentecostals that never had experienced the baptism of the Holy Spirit, even though confessed with lips and went through the process, got baptized in water, but never really experienced the Holy Spirit, experienced the baptism of the Holy Spirit. was in some formal church that did not believe in the genuine new birth and has now received the baptism of the Holy Ghost is a perfect example of a paradox because something happened to you that changed your whole being. Amen. And anyone could look at that and know what a paradox is a miracle. Amen. Anyone could look at your life and say, I know that something has happened there. I know that something has changed there. You are not the same person that you once were. Brother Brandham says unless that happens, you cannot be a Christian. We can claim it all we want. And I I I'll go further with it like I always do. We say brother Brandham said that. But who was speaking through brother Brandham? Jesus Christ. The same yesterday, today, and forever, right? Amen. Some might say, "Well, Brother Barry, he wasn't saying thus sayeth the Lord." That's okay. I mean, for some people, that's where they live. And that's okay. I just think it's important to recognize that unless that happens, you cannot be a Christian. Therefore, there must be a paradox for you to become a Christian. Something that's incredible but true. I just suddenly feel so much peace in my life. Instead of having such a desire to go and get back at people that mess me over or fussing at every single little nitpicky thing all along the way, driving everyone around me crazy because I've got a critical spirit on me. Something happens and I become soft and I become kind. Maybe I'm really impatient person and I just have no patience ever. God doesn't have to actually teach us patience. He doesn't have to teach us to not be critical. He can actually just give us his spirit, brothers and sisters. Amen. And we can become soft. We can become patient. We can become kind. We can have meekness, gentleness. not dragging around that ball and chain that I've had dragging me down. That person did me so bad so many decades ago and I just can't let go of it cuz you don't know how they hurt me. You know, brothers and sisters, I'll say that I'm a witness of it. I've been hurt, but that ain't stopping me. You know, forgiveness isn't necessarily for the person that did it to you. You're not giving them a pass and saying, you know, it's okay. You don't have to actually stand up and be accountable for what you did. You don't have to. It's okay. Here's a pass. Don't worry. What you're doing is saying, I absolve myself from dragging around that ball and chain. You what you did to me in my life will not dictate my future. I will not allow that. The spirit of Christ comes into us and shows us these things. Amen. I had a brother tell me, "You know what I do?" I said, "What do you do?" And he said, "I have uh a packet that I keep in my pocket everywhere I go. Every time I'm at home and when I leave the house, when I go to church, when I go to work, wherever I go, I've got this booklet." And what it is, it's a booklet of passes. And when people do things to me, I just give them a pass. There you go. and someone else does something and I just I just give them a pass. You know, that's the spirit of Christ, brothers and sisters, to be able to say, I know that come that day when I'm sitting in that throne of judgment and you're standing before the throne. That sounds really bold to say, but anybody outside of the spirit of Christ is going to be standing before that throne. That's not what we say. That's what God said. We're not going to actually want to see them go to hell. We're not going to want to wish that on our worst enemies. We're going to want to see every single person live. Amen. Amen. We're going to want to take We do want to take as many with us as we can, don't we? Don't we want to influence the world around us, see our our beautiful neighbors that don't know anything about God, but are so kind. Every single time it snows, they shovel our sidewalk and driveway. They come and rake our leaves. They come and and do things for us that we would never imagine doing for our other brother and sister in the church. Yet they're unbelievers. Anybody experienced people like that in this world? Don't think they're not going to see eternal life. That's right. Because even a cup of cold water won't be forgotten. But many times we can say in our own hearts, "Well, unless you see it my way, then there just can't be any Christian there." Maybe not because we already identified the Christian life in the day in which we live. To be truly be Christlike means that we're going to take every single word. Amen. And and the truly elected are the ones that are going to go in the rapture. There's millions and billions of people that are just going to say, you know what, I'm going to forfeit that and and potentially go and give my life someday. Just say, I'm going to live in pleasure for a season. And I'm not going to drag it out of bed on a Sunday morning to go and listen to some guy preach. I'm going to just stay home and sleep in and have coffee in bed or whatever it is we want to do on a Sunday morning. There's people that are going to do that. The word of God says that it would have been better for them to not even have known about the word of God than to actually spurn the mercy that was given and actually try and make it something that they want it to be. It's a paradox, brothers and sisters. It goes against our grain as a human being. How can we explain what it means to have love, joy, patience, meekness, gentleness? Some of us are just not gentle people. Some of us are very, very aggressive. But when the spirit of Christ comes in our life, it changes us. Brother Bradam says, "Unless that happens, you cannot be a Christian." There must be a paradox for you to become a Christian because no more no one can change a spirit in a man and give him a new birth. Give him new birth outside of God. God alone is the only one can do it. And it's a miracle how that God can take a man's thinking and his ways and his life and everything and change it from what it was to what it can be what he can make it. And you know, he's just I think it's so beautiful, brothers and sisters, on the Bible study. We're getting into it in the mornings, but you know, he's just standing at the door knocking, isn't he? What does that mean to us? When he stands at the door and knocks, is it this? I'm going to I'm just going to do this for the sake of discussion. We've got a door here. We've got the handle set. If you look up here, we've got hinges. There's a lock. We've got the closure. We've got the frame. We've got this door. Is Is he standing at the door knocking? Is that what we're thinking? Is that what we visualize? I mean, as humans, I think that's what we do. I did for a long time, but I couldn't help but think, you know, him standing at the door and knocking out of the book of Revelations. I I think we ought to maybe look at it from a little bit of a prophetic lens, step outside of our comfort zone and look at it from a different perspective. Could it be that picture that we see of a cloud? He's standing at the door knocking. There's only one church age where he's standing at the door knocking where he is put on the outside of the church. Now, I say it all the time. What happened at Sunset Mountain? I can't help but think that's Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham said it was Jesus Christ. It was the word coming of Jesus Christ standing at the door of the world knocking saying, "If you'll just let me in, I'll come in and I'll suck with you and you with me." Don't get caught up thinking about the way that we would rationalize things as a human. Let's take it to a paradoxical level and think about it through the lens of the Holy Ghost. That picture means way more than what it is than what we look at it and see. Jesus Christ himself, the word coming. Turn with me over to First Peter. We still have a couple minutes left. I'm thankful that I didn't burn up all my time with talking. First Peter 1 Peter chapter 1. Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontius, Galatia, Capidoshia, Asia, and Bethia, elect according to the fornowledge of God the Father through sanctification of the Spirit, unto obedience, and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ. Grace unto you and peace be multiplied. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. You know, we we talked about this, brother Emanuel and brother Mvin both on the same talk topic. The resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead is not about 2,000 years ago. It's not just about Easter time. It's about every time all the time. The present tense I am is the resurrection and the life in each and every one of us to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled. and that fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you. What's that? Our theophanes, a sin-free body, imperfection, who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation, ready to be revealed in the last time. And we know already we're in the last time, right? wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, ye are in heaviness through manifold temptations. Remember, brothers and sisters, this is the trial. It's not the trial of our money. It's not the trial of our house. It's not even the trial of our marriage. It's the trial of our faith. The trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found unto praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ. And we know, brothers and sisters, we are talking about the coming of the Lord. We want to see the coming of the Lord in the clouds. But the appearing of the Lord Jesus Christ is already happened. It's already happening. Brother Bradom says it in the message of the hour. This is the appearing. There's going to be a coming in the clouds. And I would say this, there's actually a bit of a coming in the heart of every one of his children. But as we live our lives according to this message of the hour, it is the appearing. That is the third pull after all. Verse eight. Whom having not seen ye love in whom though now ye see him not yet believing. How are we able to believe? Through his spirit. Yet rejoice yet ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls, of which salvation the prophets have inquired and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you. I can't help but think he's talking about us today. Amen. He's talking about me as well. 1 Peter 1, receiving the end of your faith. There comes a point in time, brothers and sisters, and I can't help but think it's when we get the new birth. And I don't think there is an actual definite uh a specific time or indicator when we receive the ending of our faith. But I I believe it this way. It's just my view. I'll say it. I'm not trying to indoctrinate anybody. But when we truly get the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our lives, we see things different. things become new. All old things are passed away. Behold, all things become new in our lives. It's it's receiving the end of our own faith. Receiving the the the idea that that things can be whatever way we want them to be, and we could just make an excuse for it. That's not the way it is. It's the end of our faith says, "Hey, you know what? I'm going to get back in line. I'm not going to march outside of the lineup." It's beautiful how brother Bradom talks about it, right? In in the preview of the bride, we know the story very well. The church nominal came into view once for every single age. Brother Brandham talks about how the church came into view and that vision that he had of all of the churches and the church of America. And he said she was led by a witch. She was wicked. She was naked, blind, couldn't see far off. Those are my words. I'm just putting them out there. Le oysian right naked blind thought that she was right but was very wrong marching out of step. Brother Bradom says that that church nominal was led by a witch. First he saw the bride but then she faded away. Some of them started to get out of line. Then then the church of America came and the church of all the different countries came. And you know at the end the bride came back into view again. Amen. And if we're living in the end, brothers and sisters, I can't help but think this is a time for us to get back in step just to get right back in line to say, "I I don't care about all the things that I've done in the past. I don't care about all the things that I've thought. I just want to be in line with that word of God." And it might upset families. It might upset friends. It might even upset churches. It doesn't matter because all of that is going to fade away. Only thing that will remain is the word of God. We have to remember the devil doesn't really care. He does. He wants to upset us everywhere he can. But all of those things that happen, brothers and sisters, are trials of our faith. Amen. When we encounter issues and problems in our life, they're trials of our faith. When we have that old nature, when the devil comes around and just pokes it and pokes it and pokes it over and over and over again, he's not trying to get us to just become succumb to that one nature. All he's doing is trying to get us to say, "Oh, you know what? I I just I just can't do it anyway. I might as well just go home. There's no point trying to serve God. I might as well just go fishing on a Sunday. I'd get more out of it." That's what the devil wants to hear. But the true believer is going to say, "You know what? I might not be getting much out of a service, but I'm going to go and pull on the word of God and say amen and cause that preacher to preach something that's going to feed my soul because I want to line up with the word of God." Yes. Doesn't matter who's preaching. That's right. It's the trials of our faith, brothers and sisters. And it comes a point where we receive the end of our our faith when we say, you know, I'm just going to get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I I I have faith that believed that I am entitled to the Holy Ghost according to what everyone else says. All the millions and billions of people out there and the denominations, they say you can get baptized in the name of the Father, the name of the Son, the name of the Holy Ghost, and get the gift of the Holy Ghost. And because they're all saying it, it's cool and it's going to happen. Just because everyone says it doesn't mean it's right. And you know, I'll say this. Take a look at this whole transgenderism thing. I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't say it, but I'm going to. Men that want to go and play in women's sport, why do they want to do that? Because they can't compete against their own. That's right. I'll say it. Because they're losers, so now they want to go and be winners. So they're going to cheat to do it. Amen. Just because everyone's doing it doesn't mean it's right. Just because they want to indoctrinate our children, it doesn't mean it's right. just because they've taken and made the LGBTQ part of Canadian law to say it's a human rights violation to say anything against it, it doesn't mean it's right according to the word of God. And you can see the lines are starting to converge and they're getting closer and closer and closer. The beautiful thing is ain't nobody going to stop this word. Doesn't matter what government, doesn't matter what police, doesn't matter any of that. But just because everyone's doing it doesn't mean it's right. Just because God allows it to happen and everyone is doing it doesn't mean it's right. Exactly. He's going to keep allowing us to be molded and shaped until he sees his character in our lives. Amen. Hallelujah. And you know, I'll say it this way, too. I think it's important, brothers and sisters. Humanly speaking, sadly, especially when he sees his character, he's going to allow the trials to come. Remember, Job had a hedge planted about him. But God had to say to Satan, "Have you considered my servant Job down there? Have you considered him? Because he actually will never curse me." And Satan said, "Oh, yeah. I could get him to curse you, but you've got him protected. You got a hedge around him. He's got everything. Everything is good in his life. His family, all his family serves the Lord. You make intercessions for children. Everything is good in his life. But God said, "You know what? You can go and do what you want. You will never be able to get him to curse me to my face." I don't think that Job is exclusive. Every single one of us, you know, we've preached it so many times. God has a counsel in heaven for every single human being on earth, especially his children, have you considered my servant? When we have the trials in our lives, brothers and sisters, remember that. Have you considered my servant? Because he's allowing it to happen. And the more it happens, the more what are we supposed to do? Get sad and sit down and and stagger and stop coming to church because I've got these trials in my life? No, we're supposed to rejoice at the trials of our faith. We're supposed to give him praise. The more the trials come, the more we praise. If you want to see a trial go away, praise him. We've got every single reason to praise him. To have ears to hear what the spirit says to the church. My goodness. 1963, God hiding himself in simplicity. He says, "How many more in here wants the Holy Ghost? Let me see your hand." I was reading this and I was thinking as I was studying, if we ask that question here, would people get offended? Would people get upset and uncomfortable? If if that's the case, then I feel like there's a problem. I really do. I know the the great revival is over and that's where Brother Brandham was preaching. But you know, brothers and sisters, we either have the Holy Ghost or we don't have the Holy Ghost. And and and this is important. This is the most important doctrine there is to talk about and that is to get the Holy Ghost in our lives. But he says this here. How many more in here wants the Holy Ghost? Let me see your hand. How many? 1 2 3 4. Oh my. No. No need of going without it. There's eight or 10 here. 11. Maybe 11 12 maybe in here needs the Holy Ghost yet. I know we may be running late, but 9:30 or something like that. But but we got plenty of time. We just got plenty of time. We want you saved, friend. We want you filled. I can't help but think, brothers and sisters, if if we ask the question, how many here want the Holy Ghost? There's potentially hands that would go up. There is a process to go through getting the Holy Ghost in your life. That's to repent for your sins and get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. And you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. That's the word of God. That's the promise. It's a free promise that will give you the ability to understand what all this noise about the message is about. Amen. It will give us the ability to go on to a theophony body in heaven if we're willing to actually humble ourselves to the word of God for the day in which we live. But I want to ask the question myself, and I'm not looking for hands. I'm looking for hearts, brothers and sisters. How many here would like a a new filling of the Holy Ghost? How many here would just like to raise your cup to the Lord and say, "Lord, I know I've got it, but I need more." Amen. Remember the difference between the five wise and the five unwise. They all had lamps. They all were virgins. They all slumbered and slept. Right? But only five of them had enough oil. They all had oil. When the time came to rise and trim your lamps, only five could do it because they had oil. I can't help but think that's the value in going to church and being a part of a body, local body, where you could go and change the chorus of the service because of the need in your heart and see God come on the scene and speak directly to us. He says there's eight or 10 here, 11 about 11, 12 maybe in here needs the Holy Ghost yet. Amen. I'll call the musicians. Let I know we may be running late. maybe 9:30 or something like that, but we got we just got plenty of time. We just got plenty of time. We want you saved, friend. We want you filled. And I can't help but think that's the same thing today. Remember, you are you are saved. Of course, when you accept Christ, you're not saved, but you're you're saved. Yes. When you accept Christ, you're saved, but you're not converted until you receive the Holy Ghost. That's right. Now, you know that. That's right. Amen. And he goes on to talk about Peter. Jesus told Peter the night of the betrayal, Peter is the one that took off the ear of the servant and Jesus had to go and heal him. He didn't have to, but he did because he knew that everything had to be exactly right. There couldn't be one thing that was said about Jesus that he actually did to any human being except for preach the truth. And if he wouldn't have picked up that ear and put it back on, they would have been able to hang that on him. But what did he do one more time? He actually demonstrated the love that he had for humanity. And he picked up that ear and he put it back on and said, "Peter, put away the sword. If you live by the sword, you're going to die by the sword. Peter, the rock, the one who was so fervent for the Lord, even though he was saved, he wasn't converted. I'm just going to pause there, brothers and sisters. Even though he was saved, he wasn't converted. How many of us here today are saved, but not converted? I'm not trying to be hard, brothers and sisters. What I'm saying is this is the time to not play. This is time to understand where we stand. We might not even be able to get home today and the rapture happens. Jesus told Peter the night of the betrayal, he was already saved. Said, "Now after you are converted, strengthen your brethren." That's right. Oh, sure. You accepted Christ as your savior. But when you're converted, that's when you're really changed. I say, "Lord, if I haven't been converted yet, then convert me, Lord. I don't want to just put this on anybody [Music] else." That's right. He wasn't changed yet. He cursed before the Lord and denied him and everything. But after his conversion, after thou art converted, strengthen your brethren. That's right. Is that right? That's what the scripture says. Anyhow, that makes it right. Jesus told Peter that had followed him and cast out devils and done miracles and everything said, "You're not converted yet." Can you believe that? He cast out devils. They had tremendous song services. They had tremendous healing campaigns. They did. They had a tremendous following. People were so they did much better because they were followers, right? But how many actually got converted? How many truly went on to the baptism of the Holy Ghost? How many thousands were converted? Or how many thousands were saved rather, but how many were converted in the upper room? Only 120. Brother Brandham says that's what the scripture says. Anyhow, that makes it right. Maybe stand with me as we close. That makes it right. Jesus told Peter that had followed him and cast out devils and done miracles and everything said, "You're not converted yet, but after you're converted, then strengthen your brethren." Right? It's true. Now, why don't we just go a little further ourselves? I just can't help but think about going beyond the camp. Let's just go beyond the camp of our thinking. Amen. And just allow the Lord to minister to us. If we've got the Holy Ghost, let's just ask for a little bit more. And and I would say this, I'm not going to ask for a a a list of hands. Let's just close our eyes and bow our heads. This is a private affair. How many here today would desire more of the Holy Ghost in their lives? I'm sure that all of the believers, every single hand would go up. And some here today, they might desire the Holy Ghost at all. I believe it. If you truly desire the Holy Ghost in your life, he is more than willing to give it to you. And all you have to do is be sincere and he will give you his Holy Spirit. And and when he does, you will come according to the word of God. It's such a beautiful thing. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, this morning, we're so thankful for your word, Lord. We're so thankful that you would send us a vindicated prophet, Lord, in the day in which we live, Lord, the signs and the wonders. But how he pointed back to your word and said, "Get back in line. Get back to the word of God. Help us, Lord, not to try and make excuses for our lives, Lord. We know that you have given us the the wedding band of unmmerited grace, Lord Jesus. The ability to to to say, "I do." and and and allow it to be put on our our finger, Lord Jesus, where we demonstrate that we are yours. Father, this morning I pray that if there's anybody here that that Lord Jesus sincerely desires the true baptism of the Holy Ghost, that you would grant it to them in the name of Jesus Christ. And Father, for anyone else here this morning, Lord, that would desire to have more of you, Father, more of your Holy Spirit in their life, Lord, I pray that you would grant it to them, Lord Jesus. Father, we know that you're more than able to. We know that time is short. We don't know how many more days we have here. But help us Lord as we go forwards to acknowledge you to acknowledge that you are the same yesterday, today and forever. And that Lord, help us not to chase a prophet and signs and wonders. Let us chase you. Let our hearts be about your business, Lord. And we know, Father, that you will bless us. Lord, we're so thankful that you have given us ears to hear what your spirit says. Father, we pray that you would just bless us as we go our separate ways. Lord, be with those who are laboring in your field, Lord. The brethren in Lethbridge, what a tremendous thing they're doing, Lord. Reaching out and trying to find the last predestinated seeds in Lethbridge, Lord. Not just taking it, oh father, for granted that the people will come, but going out and truly witnessing your life, asking if they need prayer. What a blessing. Bless the brethren, Father, abundantly above all they could ask or think, Lord Jesus. Father, we just ask, Lord, also that you would just keep your hand upon those who aren't here today for whatever reason. Maybe traveling for work, Lord. Maybe visiting a different city with the believers. maybe at home sick. Father, we pray that you would just pour your spirit out upon them, Lord Jesus. Grant them, Lord Jesus, the true desire of their hearts. Father, we'll be careful to give you all the praise. Lord, we love you and we thank you. We just want to commit each life, each soul into your hands now for your glory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can we sing 488? The great emancipator. I'll just need a little heart help to start. Sorry. My heart soul were fed by the binding chains of sin. [Music] But the great man to be he said we worship you. Glory [Music] glory for you. [Music] the [Music] song that I was. Oh, [Music] so she [Music] glory. Heat. Heat. [Music] What my heart [Music] is by the mighty [Music] Jesus to [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] of glory. Amen. Number 80. I am redeemed by love divine. I've been redeemed by love to glory. Lord, Christ is mine. you. [Music] I love you. [Music] I am. [Music] Amen. 1096. Amen. Thank you. Holy, holy are you, Lord. God bless you, Sister Shelly. I apologize for not mentioning you earlier. Welcome, Sister Shelley Vanderlass. It's a pleasure to have you here with us and uh certainly thankful for looking after Sister Rose. Can you hear the sound of heaven? Like the sound of many waters, it's the sound of worship coming from your throne. Hear our cries of [Music] adoration as [Music] from [Music] we to make your glory singing holy Holy, holy are you Lord. Sing holy, holy, holy are you. [Music] Angel we worship you [Music] now. Holy, holy, holy are you. Let's sing that chorus. Just our voices this morning. Singing, "Holy, holy, holy are you Lord." [Music] Singing, "Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. [Music] The elders and angels bow the redeemed. We worship you. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. All together one more time unto him today singing holy holy holy are you [Music] Lord singing holy holy holy are you Lord [Music] The others and found the redeemed. We worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Amen. Can we sing 11:32 as we dismiss this morning? We cry out your name. Amen. Oh, Father of life, seated on your throne of grace, it's only by your mercy we are saved. that if we call on your name that we and our families could be saved. Oh, so we cry out your name. [Music] El Jesus [Music] Christ on your way out crowning praise. Oh Lord [Music] most Jesus Christ father each moment is I [Music] live here to tell the world you take us all the [Music] way. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Jesus Jesus. Christ. Let's sing that first verse again. Amen. [Music] Father of life, seated on your throne, it's only by your mercy we are saved. God bless you today. Lord, don't you say if we call on your name that we and our families [Music] Heat [Applause] up here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus Christ. [Music] [Music] What's that? [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Don't Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm star. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's go. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music]
