################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-25 - Bro Andrew Glover  There's A Reward Coming  9-24-2025 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-25
Title:   Bro Andrew Glover | There's A Reward Coming | 9-24-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUZ9ZBdDDfw
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] Oh, let's all stand and sing a hymn tonight. I'm singing Jesus is the answer for the world today. Oh, above him there's no other. My Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer for the world today. above and there's no other. I'll sing the chorus again now. I'm saying my Jesus is the answer for the world today. Oh, above him there's no other. My Jesus is the way. Oh Jesus is the answer for the world today. Oh, above him there's no other. Oh, let's sing that chorus once more now. Oh my Jesus is the answer for the world today. Oh above him there's no other. My Jesus is the way. Oh Jesus is the answer for the world today. Oh above him there's no other but you. Oh let's sing that first verse now. If you have some questions in the corners of your mind or traces of discouragement, peace you cannot find. Or reflections of the past seem to face you every day. Oh, but there's one thing I know for sure. My Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, above and there's no other. My Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. Oh, let's sing that second verse now. Know that you got mountains that you think you cannot find. I know your skies are dark and you think the sun won't shine. And I'm here to tell you that the word of God is true. And everything he's promised, I know he'll do for you. Oh, Jesus is the answer. Oh, aren't you thankful? There's no other. My Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. My Jesus is the way. Oh, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise this season. Aren't you thankful he has the answer? Whatever question, whatever trial you may face, we have a place where we can go that we can find every answer we have need of. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this evening. Each and every one of you, we got our brother Andrew will be speaking for us tonight. So looking forward to that this evening. Remember our brother Joe Reynold is out in the Carolinas. I know he'll be ministering at a meet some meetings this weekend. So just remember him in prayer. Brother David Paul, we open the service this evening. [Music] Amen. You may have seated. Let's sing that single course. He's alive and well. He's alive and well. Aren't you thankful he's alive and well tonight? Oh, he's alive. and will. Oh, he's living in me. Oh, to tell the world that he is the same. Yes, he's the same. Oh, yesterday, oh, today, and forever. Jesus is alive. Oh, if you're thankful for that, sing it to him now. Oh yes, he's alive. Oh, and well, he's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, and he's the same yesterday. Oh, today and forever Jesus. Oh, let's just sing it to him once more now. I'm glad he's alive. Oh, and well, oh, he's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, and he's the same yesterday or today and forever. My Jesus is alive and well. Let's keep dancing. Oh, once my soul, oh, was a stray. Oh, from that heavenly way. Oh, I was wretched and vile as could be. Oh, but my Savior above. Oh, gave me peace, joy, and love. Oh, when he reached, oh, down his name. Oh, aren't you thankful he reached down this evening? Oh, and when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] Oh, when he reached way down for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God or his son. Oh, when he reached down his name. Oh, I sing this third verse now. Oh, and how my heart does rejoice since I made him my choice. Oh, from the tempest to him. Now I flee. Oh, now I lean on his arms. Yes, I'm secure from home. Oh, since he reached down his hand. [Music] Oh, sing it to him now. Oh, when he reached, oh, down his hand for me. when he reached way down for me. Oh, I was lost and undone without God. Oh, his son when he reached or down his hand. Oh, sing that last verse now. Oh, and since the Lord gave me all, can you sing this now? Heavenly joys never cease. Oh Lord, I give all my life unto thee. Oh God my feet, Lord, hold my hand. Oh grant with thee that I may stand. for he reached. Oh, down his hand for me. Oh, and he reached. Oh, down his hand for me. Oh, I'm so glad. Yes, he reached way down for me. For I was lost and undone is now gone. Oh, his son. Oh, when he reach Oh, down his name. Oh, sing the chorus once more now. Oh, and when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] Oh, and he reached way down for me. [Music] Yes, I was lost and undone without God. Oh, his son. Oh, when he reached Oh, down his head. Oh. Oh, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise this evening? Aren't you thankful when you were lost out out in the world? Yeah, he reached out to where you were and came and brought you out. Oh, one night while home, life's rage and see. Oh, it looked as if I would suffer if he passed off the light. My heart sank with me. My desperate cry out with cry. Oh, all I could see was no hope inside. Oh, I love you. Oh, let's get this in my wild home life ra. [Music] Well, my desperate cry rang out with pride. Oh, all I could see was your side. With faith all the gone, I remember the one who came looking. Oh, aren't you thankful tonight? Well, he came looking for me. [Music] He came looking for me. Well, he made a way and there was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. But Jesus was near to rescue my soul and all my fears. Now I'm safe from all cuz I beg the one who came looking for me. Oh, as Satan had already picked out my grave. Oh, his plan was the fall and put me away. I drifted so far. Would anyone fear that I soon be long? Oh, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Oh, but Jesus appeared. Said, "This one is mine now. Safe from all harm. for he walked through the storm when he came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. [Music] He came looking for me. Oh, he made a way. There was no way oh that I could see. Oh, I drifted so far. Jesus was near. Rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm. I met the Lord. I'll sing the chorus once more now. Yes. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Oh, he made a way. There was a way. All that I could see. I drifted so far. Jesus was near. Rescue my soul from all my Now I'm safe from all harm. Cuz I've been the one came looking. Now I'm safe from all harm. Now I'm safe from all harm. Cuz I had the one came looking for me. Len thankful he came looking for you tonight. [Applause] One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Aren't you glad you say you're one of them? Oh, one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad. Well, let's all stand and sing it to him now. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. And they walk before those whose arms are on a flame with the fire that fent. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. And I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. And though these people may not learn to be nor of worthy faith, they have all received their Pentecostals baptized in Jesus' name and are telling now for him by his power yet the same. And I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Yes, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad. Crossing the courts as the brothers come for the offering. Well, I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Amen. Brother Phil, you really are [Music] Sing that third verse. Well, they were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now, what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. And I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of Oh, come my brother. Yes, come my brother. Seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul of flame. It is worth it now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say. Well, why don't you turn around your neighbor say, "I'm one of them." Yes, I am. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. And I'm one of them, Lord. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can. I was singing once more. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Well, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, aren't you thankful you can say you're one of them tonight? Let's [Music] see. Jesus shed for me lay back on cow glory. Oh, the blood it gives me strength from day to day. He will never lose his power. For it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest of valley. Oh, the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, he will never lose his power. My doubts and it calms all my feet. And it dries all all my tears. [Applause] Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to today. It will never never lose it power. Oh reaches to highest mountain. Oh God is close to the low is the valley. All the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose his power. Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. way back on Calary. [Music] Oh, it's the blood that still gives me strength from day until today. It will never lose it power. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, is close to the Lord is [Music] all the blood that gives me strength from day until today. It will never never lose it power. Oh, it will never never never lose it power. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Aren't you thankful? It'll never lose its power. It's just as strong as it was that day on Calvary when he shed it. Amen. Let's all stand as we invite our pastor to come and sing that song. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise. Oh, is to our God. [Music] I'm singing. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise. Oh, is to heart. Always your savior. Oh, he is God my savior. He's God my healer. He's God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, and every word of worship with one accord. [Music] Every praise, every praise is to all sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory. Hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise, oh is to our for he is God my savior. He's God my healer. He's God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Oh, God my savior. God my savior. He's God my healer. Oh, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Oh, give him hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. You just got one request. Uh, brother Roy, it's good to have you guys with us. Would you have a song on your heart you want to sing for us tonight? Let's sing this song once more as brother Roy singing. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one. Every praise. Oh, every praise. Oh, is to heart. He's God my savior. Oh God my savior. He's God my healer. Oh God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. Amen. You may have your seats. [Music] I worlds my hands have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. I bow around the edge display and sings my soul my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. [Music] How great thou sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are, how great [Music] the woods and floors great and hear the birds sing sweetly in the truth. When I look down from nothing and hear the feel the gentle breeze. And my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then s my soul, my savior come to thee. How great thou are. How great thou. [Music] And when I think that go sent him to die, my scares can take it easy. [Music] and die to take away my sin. [Music] Then s my soul, my savior come to thee. [Music] How great thou are. [Music] How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou. shall reign when Christ shall come with shadow of angel [Music] in the adoration and there proclaim my God. It sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. [Music] It says my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. It sings my soul. Won't you stand and sing it with me tonight? My savior come to me. Amen. Won't you just worship the Lord a moment? Isn't he wonderful? Yes. My my God, how great thou are. And then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation, [Music] [Applause] [Music] what a thought tonight. What joy will fill my heart. I don't even think we can explain in this flesh. What a day that will be, brother Caleb. But I'll bow in adoration [Applause] and there I will proclaim to my God how great thou are. It saves my soul. My savior God to thee. How great thou are, how great thou are. [Music] Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou are. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? How many says he's a great God and he's worthy of our praise? And I just think it's wonderful to think about all that God has done for us tonight. You know, I love I sure love that song. And I had that song on my heart and thought we'd come up and sing that. He has a lot of songs he could sing and but he he sang the right one. I thought, my it's just tremendous. There's since that song was written, it was written as a as a poem all the way back in the 1800s. And there was a a missionary in Poland that was preaching on John 3 in a village and got rained out and stormed out and couldn't get back home. and they let him sleep in their house. And he got up that next day overlooking them mountains and got to writing about the lofty mountain grander and how wonderful God was and took the very message that he was preaching and put it into words. And but friends, it wasn't just for him. It's still the same thing for us today. I can walk outside in a few moments. It don't matter if it's sunshining or if it's raining, if it's a cloudy day or a a good day or a bad day. One thing is for certain, our God is a great God. And I can say that without with with resolve and uh without holding anything back that our God is a great God. I sure love the Lord tonight. Amen. You love the Lord. How many have something to praise God for tonight? Amen. And we just certainly appreciate all that he's done for us. And brother Royy's got quite a testimony in his own life. And and he's Lord many have been blessed by his testimony and sure appreciate their stand him and his wife and elders in the gospel and certainly have quite a stand. And I it's encouraging to me. They've always been an encouragement to me. And you know, somebody told me that yesterday we were talking about it and said, you know, uh that you have a a lot of thought and a lot of things to say about elders. And I said, well, we wouldn't be here without them. So I I certainly I believe that they have I hold them in the highest regard elders in this in this gospel and that have walked this walk through many great trials and and give us an example of how to stand in the face of trouble and tribulation and things that we face. And so I certainly appreciate each one of you. Tonight we have brother Andrew who's going to be speaking for us tonight and and he's he's a daddy of a a new baby girl now. So uh maybe we'll see a softer side. I don't know what that does uh in to to brother Andrew, but we are certainly looking forward to it. And may the Lord bless him tonight. Just remember him in prayer. Also we have a prayer request uh for Andrew Hoff. He's the great grandson of brother Danny and sister Evelyn Walker, 12 years old and autistic, a very needed prayer. So, we just want to remember him in prayer tonight. And maybe if you have a need on your heart, just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God is mindful of what we have need of. So, let's just pray together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how honored that we are, Lord, just to be able to come and gather together with brothers and sisters, Lord, that such a desire on our heart to be able to take this time to worship you. And Lord, just to be in your presence for a few moments, Lord, and allow you to come and speak to your children. And Lord, we come tonight, Lord, as hearers of the word. And Lord, we just come to receive something from you. And Lord, to draw strength. And we just ask you tonight, Lord, that you would be with each one, God. May you speak to every heart, Lord. May you touch those that that need touch tonight, Lord. Maybe need healing in their body, Lord. God, we ask you for this young man, Lord, that you would touch him, Lord. Whatever their needs are, God, that you know all things, Lord. You're so mindful of us, of your children, Lord. We just ask you that you would move in a special way, Lord. We just want to invite you to come now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. and you love the Lord tonight. Amen. How many's looking forward to the preaching of the word? Amen. I said, how many's looking forward to the preaching of the word? Amen. We sure love the word of God. There's something about this church. We're not afraid of the word of God. Amen. Amen. It don't matter if it's corrective, we're going to take it. If it's encouraging, we're going to take it. And whatever God has to say to us tonight, that's what we want to we want to draw something from the Lord. Amen. Amen. Can we sing Master of the Wind? Amen. Key of A, I believe. Amen. We'll sing this as we uh get ready for brother Andrew to come. [Music] My boat of life sails on a trouble sea. Ever there's a wind in my sail. But I have a friend who watches over me when the breeze turns into a game. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm a storm, make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. Sometimes I soar like an eagle through the sky. Among the peace my soul can be found. But when an unexpected storm may drive me from the highest, bring me low, but never keep me down. [Applause] I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm, make the sun shine again. I know the master of. How many can say this is your testimony tonight? Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky. Above the peaks my soul can be found. Sometimes an unexpected storm, it may drive me from the high, it'll bring me low and never keep me down. Cuz I know how you tonight. Yes, I know the maker of the rain. [Music] Call the storm. Make the sun shine again. I know the master. Yes, I know the master of the way. I know the maker of the grave. Oh yes, he can come. Make the sun shine again. I know the master of me. Amen. How many knows him here tonight? Amen. How many knows him personally here tonight? Amen. There's one thing about it that in this hour, Amen. We have been, we have been scripturally taught, amen, that the sunny skies are no sign of God's approval and the cloudy skies are no sign of God's disapproval, but his approval is in his word, in his love, in that he loved us wherewith we were unlovable. Amen. I I thank the Lord tonight that I'm not serving God by the weather. Amen. Tonight it would be a little gloomy. It'd be a little doomy. But Amen. Because the son of God has arisen in our hearts tonight and we can testify. Amen. No matter what tomorrow holds, we know who holds tomorrow. Amen. Amen. How many is happy to be in the house of God? Amen. Won't you just give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. I believe he's worthy. He's worthy of all our praise. He's worthy of everything that we could give him tonight. It's a real honor to be in his house and to be home to be gathered with believers of like precious faith. And amen, we just want to take this opportunity tonight to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. There's not a higher name that we could greet you in tonight than his name. And amen, we trust the Lord is blessing every one of you all. And amen, it's sure good to see everyone out in the house of God on this Wednesday evening. And amen, I know you've no doubt had a rough day, but you've pressed on. And we say God bless you all for being here tonight. And amen. We want to just thank the take this opportunity to thank the church. And as brother Matt mentioned, we do have a a new addition to our family there. Little Haven Grace was born on Saturday and all is well. Mama and baby's doing well and recovering. So we we thank the Lord for that. And Amen. Little uh Malachi is getting stronger every day. So we thank the Lord for that. And Amen. I just want to just say this. I thank the church for all your prayers and support and all the support and help and love and phone calls and text and food and visits and everything that's been done for us. We just say thank you. And amen. May God richly bless you. Amen. I I was telling the church there in Georgia. We slipped away Thursday and preached there Friday night and flew back Saturday morning. And I told them the only way I'm here is we got a church back home that's helping us. And amen, we we do thank you all for that tonight. And amen, we do want to say that the Lord is the Lord is doing some wonderful things among us in this hour and we're just happy to be a part of it tonight. Amen. We say God bless you, Brother Roy, Sister Judy. Sure, good to see you all. Enjoyed that song. And Amen. I I feel the atmosphere of the Holy Spirit here tonight. May we just bow our hearts for a word of prayer. I wonder tonight how many just say, "Lord, on this Wednesday evening, come by my way. I recognize your presence. I recognize your spirit is here." Let's just approach him tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here on this Wednesday evening, Father, as we have stepped into the sanctuary tonight, there's Lord such a such a warmth of your presence among us tonight. And Lord, we know that these are not just human beings standing before us. But Father, this is the purchase of your blood, what you shed your blood for. And Lord, you've you've sent them into this service tonight. You've gathered us together here. Lord, we've not gathered to see a man or to hear from a man, but Lord, we've gathered here to worship you and to lift up the name that is above every name. Lord, we've come here tonight to take a few moments and to open your word and to proclaim the things that you have revealed in this generation. And I pray tonight, Lord, that you would send the spirit of wisdom and revelation into the building. I pray the Holy Ghost of God would fill this room, Lord. Father, as we were just talking to you on the way over here tonight, Lord, I know that every individual standing before me tonight has gathered here with needs. And Lord, I I admit tonight as a human, I have no ability, no way to meet the need. But Lord, I have confidence in your anointing tonight that if I can get myself out of the way that Lord, you can come among us and you can lead us and guide us into the things that would be beneficial. Oh father, I pray tonight Lord for sick bodies, God. Lord, may healing take place in those bodies for empty vessels tonight. May they be filled with your glory. Lord, for those streaming at home, unable to be here. I pray the angel of God would pass through their homes tonight. And Lord, I pray that you would send a surge of supernatural strength into every heart. Forgive us of our failures, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings, oh God. Lord, transform us by your word tonight and we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory. In the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." And amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we want to go to the book of Hebrews, the 10th chapter. The book of Hebrews, the 10th chapter. We're going to go back to the 35th verse of Hebrews 10. Amen. We just pray that it'll be a blessing to you tonight. We have something here on our heart from Hebrews 10:35. And then also we're going to turn over to Hebrews 11. You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Paul here writing in Hebrews 10:35. Last time we spoke to you, he were speaking on this first portion of Hebrews 10:35 on spiritual confidence. Paul says, "Cast not away therefore your confidence, which hath great recompense of reward." I love that. Cast not away therefore your confidence which hath great recompense of reward. In the book of Hebrews the 11th chapter and the sixth verse. Hebrews 11 and verse number six Paul again here speaking he says but without faith it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Amen. Maybe tonight as you're seated, just look at somebody and say, "There's a reward coming." There's a reward coming. We ask the Lord this evening to bless the reading of his word. As you can have your seats here tonight, if the Lord would help me from that passage of scripture, those two places tonight, I want to talk to you for a few moments on this. There's a reward coming. Amen. There's a reward coming. The prophet of God would say in a sermon, God doesn't call man to judgment without first warning him. He said, "Now, there is a coming blessing just as the same as there is a coming wrath." Amen. There is a coming blessing just as the same as there is a coming wrath. Oh, we have to be looking for one of it tonight. You have to either be looking for the wrath to fall upon you and for destruction or either you have to be looking for the resurrection of the Lord Jesus. I I think that's powerful tonight. Either you're looking for the wrath of God, amen, that's going to bring a destruction or you're looking for direction of God that's going to bring a transformation. He said the same God, amen, that promised one promised the other. Now, as I said last time we were speaking to you here on cast not away your spiritual confidence and maybe uh just to refresh your memory there in that that that definition of spiritual confidence, it means a deep unwavering belief and trust, amen, in the higher power. It is a it is a divine wisdom that resides in one's own soul. It provides the inner strength and resilience, amen, to navigate life's challenges. Amen. A spiritual confidence is not pride or arrogance, amen. But it is a humble conviction that is rooted in one's connection to something greater, amen, than oneself. And it is leading to peace, love, and a fearless approach to life's uncertainties. How many can testify tonight that this life, amen, it holds many uncertainties? Amen. But there is one thing that we know tonight, amen, that we do not have to approach the uncertainties of life. Amen. Out of fear or out of doubt or out of worry, but rather we can approach it with confidence knowing God, amen, is able to deliver. Now, when you look here at this word, spiritual confidence, if you can put this one in my ear, it's not in there. Uh when you look there at that word spiritual confidence, another another way that we could say that is spiritual revelation. And here tonight, amen, as I said, I want to take that second half of that scripture. Amen. That if you'll cast not away your confidence, amen, there is a recompense of reward. When you look there at that word recompense of reward, it is a repayment or a compensation that is given as a reward. It is often for good actions. Amen. Faithfulness or service. Now, I just want to open tonight by saying this that we are not serving God. Amen. Simply for a reward. Amen. We're not we're not fulfilling the things of God and doing the things that God requires us to do. Amen. Simply because we're wanting a reward. The prophet of God said, "If I am condemned when I come up before the judgment seat of God at the end time," Amen. If it's planned that way and I have to stand in his presence, and he points his majestic finger at me and says, "Depart from me if I keep that same attitude that I have now and I be in hell." He said, "I will still love him." And he's just, he said, now I deserve to go there at the first place. And if I knew that I was going to be condemned and know now that I would be condemned at the end, amen, after I worked for him a hundred years from now, amen, I would still desire to work for him. If there would be no heaven, if there would be no reward, Amen, I still want to be a Christian. I I wonder not how many can say that's me. Amen. Amen. If there was no heaven, if there was no reward, amen, I still want to be a Christian. Amen. because it's a perfect satisfaction. Now, amen. I believe tonight that God's rewards are not temporary. Amen. Amen. I believe God gives eternal rewards. The prophet of God would say that all too little time, amen, is spent on laboring for the eternal rewards of God. He said, "Now the recompense of God is too lightly esteemed. If we believe in the reality of the resurrection of the body, amen, an eternal kingdom of substance, then we ought to lay up in heaven, amen, those good treasures that are available, amen, to the faithful saints. Amen. I don't know about you tonight, but I believe there is a reality, amen, of the resurrection. Now, amen, I find it amazing in this hour that you are faithful saints. And, amen, you're striving and you're persevering to fulfill the will of God. Amen. But at the same time, the devil, amen, is doing everything he can. Amen. As the prophet of God would say, he's working overtime. Amen. What he's trying to do is he's trying to knock, Amen, the spiritual confidence out of you. Amen. That God has instilled in you. Brother Brother Random is speaking there in 1959 of Elijah the prophet. And he said, "Now watch after your Mount Carmels. You're going to have, Amen, a juniper tree." Amen. After a Mount Carmel, there was going to be a juniper tree. Whenever a man has a blessing and the power of God pours down and does something for you, look out. Amen. Satan is on the track. How many can testify? Amen. Whenever God moves, the devil moves also. He said, "But just remember the next day, that Monday, after a good day on Sunday, it's going to be a hard thing because he's going to do everything he can, amen, to knock that confidence out of you, amen, that the Holy Spirit instilled in you the day before." Now, it's very important to note something here, amen, who is instilling this confidence. Amen. I love what Paul says in Romans 15:13. He says, "Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing that you may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost." So it is not a man that is instilling this confidence into your soul. But it is the Holy Ghost of God, amen, instilling something in you, amen, to get you through whatever is laying in front of you. Amen. I think it's amazing when you when you look there at that word instill. Amen. It means gradually but firmly establish. Amen. It means to gradually but firmly establish an idea or attitude. Amen. Especially a desirable one. Amen. In a person's mind. I'll say this tonight. The Holy Spirit is here. Amen. To instill in our hearts the faith, amen, that was once delivered to the saints. He said, I pray God that you'll instill in our hearts the power of the resurrected Jesus Christ. another place. If the sick person can ever meet God, that no matter how crippled you remain, how sick you remain, how blind you remain, you ever meet God, amen, there is something sinks into you and you don't see it anymore of these circumstances. &gt;&gt; He said, you look at what God said. Amen. Now, God could, now listen, God could ever get away, amen, down to the cares of life into your heart and to instill a faith there. Then there's nothing in the world that will ever shake you from it. Amen. If the Holy Ghost can ever get through all the cares of your life and can ever instill into your heart, amen, the confidence of the faith of God, there is nothing in the world that will ever take you from it. Amen. It's amazing because spiritual warfare, amen, does not begin before a man meets God. Amen. But spiritual warfare begins when a man meets God. And the prophet of God said, "You're going to have to fight." Amen. If you're going to reign, I I love what Paul says there in Hebrews 3:14. He says, "For we are made partakers of Christ, amen, if we hold the beginning of our confidence, Amen, steadfast until the end." So, not amen, just getting confidence. Amen. But hold that confidence steadfast. Amen. Until the end. Brother said, "I think it's time." Amen. That we got to know how we stand. How can you do anything unless you got faith in what you're doing? See? Amen. You've got to have faith. And that's my purpose of doing this with the church here. Amen. Is to give the believers faith. Amen. And confidence in what they're standing for because it's the word of the Lord. He said that as long as through the scripture, Amen. It is sovereignly placed from Genesis into Revelation. Amen. Back and forth, up and down. He says, "Then there's not a way, amen, for the devil to move in there anywhere." Amen. Then you got perfect confidence. Amen. See, then you know where you're standing. Amen. This message is God. Amen. Through the seventh angel. Amen. Positionally placing you. Amen. Not in a church handbook or in a creed book. Amen. but placing you in the scripture. Amen. All the way from Genesis unto Revelation. Amen. And he's given you a place to stand and a place to fight from. Listen, we don't fight from our emotions. We don't fight from our sensation. We don't fight from our feelings. Amen. If we're going to fight the devil, we got to have somewhere to fight him from. And we fight the devil from the word of God. Amen. Upon the word of God. Amen. That's why the prophet of God said, "Satan hates two books." Y'all know that. He hates two books more than any book in the Bible. Amen. That is the book of Genesis and that is the book of Revelation. He said through theologians and pose scientists. He is always attacking those two books. He said it's in both of these books we find. Amen. Satan's origin, his awful ways and his destruction. He said that is why he attacks them. Amen. He hates to be exposed. And in those books, he is exposed for exactly, amen, what he is. See, you all know Jesus said that the devil has no part in me. Amen. And I have no part in him. He said, now the devil would like to prove that different, but he cannot. Amen. So, he does all that he can, amen, to destroy the confidence in the word. But when the church, how many here's a part of the church, disbelieves Satan and believes the spirit's revelation of the word, he said, then the gates of hell, amen, cannot prevail against her. Amen. You say, why is the devil, Amen, trying to knock out this confidence, amen, because he knows that there is a reward that is coming to that confidence. In Genesis 15:1, I love what the Bible says. After these things, the word of the Lord came unto Abram in a vision. And here's what it said. Fear not, Abram. Amen. For I am thy shield and thy exceeding great reward. Amen. Now, notice this. The source of Abraham's confidence, Amen, was coming from the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. It was coming from the vision that God gave him. And look what he says. He says, "I am thy shield." Amen. And if God is your shield, Amen. Then how's the devil going to hit you? Amen. If God is your shield, amen, then how is the devil going to hit you? I am your shield and I am your exceeding great reward. Who is? I am the Lord. Amen. Your exceeding great reward. Amen. Now, I find it amazing that there is a shield. Amen. And there is a reward. Why? Why is there a shield? Amen. Before there's a reward, amen. You know what that's signifying, don't you? Amen. is signifying a battle that you're going to have to fight in order to possess the reward that is coming to the confidence that God has instilled in you by his word. You all know what Paul said. He said, "Above all taking, Amen. the shield of faith wherewith you shall be able, amen, to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked." Amen. I love that word shield. Amen. It is a large oblong. Amen. Amen. It is a four cornered shield. Amen. Come on, church. It's not a mystery. Amen. There are four gospels and God would give you a four cornered shield. Amen. To fight against the devil in order to possess your reward. Prophet of God said, "Brother, sister, today I've got a uniform and I'm in the army." Amen. I'm in the army of the Lord. I'm fighting the foes of the wicked. Amen. But I'm dressed. Amen. I love that. I'm fighting the foes of the wicked. Amen. But I'm dressed. Now, you might not be able to see it, but I know it's there. Amen. I feel it. Amen. The armor of God. Amen. The full gospel in my heart, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, God working signs and wonders. &gt;&gt; Amen. The helmet of faith, the shield of faith and the helmet of salvation, and your shaw with the gospel. Amen. The sword in your hand. Amen. Join with you ranks out here now. He said, "But now watch. Our armor is on the inside of us." Amen. Our armor is not on the outside. Amen. But our armor is on the inside. And the prophet of God said, "Above all," Amen. things, you take the shield of faith and you move forward. Amen. Can I preach to you tonight? Amen. It's time to quit going backwards. Amen. It's time to quit staying where we were on Sunday and where we were last Wednesday. Amen. We are the church of the living God and we have got land to inherit. We have got promises to possess. We have got victories to taste of. Listen, this is not the time, amen, to lay down and become slothful in the things of God. This is the time to put on the helmet of salvation. It's the time to put on the shield of faith. It's the time to move. Amen. If there's going to be a reward, Amen. There's got to be somebody doing the rewarding. Amen. If there's a reward, Amen. then there is a rewarder. &gt;&gt; If there's a reward, then there's a rewarder. Look what Paul says. in Hebrews 11:6, the Amplified Bible, but without faith it is impossible, amen, to walk with God and to please him. For whosoever comes near to God must necessarily believe, amen, that God exists. Amen. If a man is going to come near to God, the first thing he's got to believe, amen, is that God exists and that he rewards those who will earnestly and diligently seek him. Amen. I love what a prophet said. He said, "This is the key note to the scriptures, faith. He that cometh to God, amen, must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him." He said, "Now maybe that's why the sickness is on you." Amen. That God has to educate you. Amen. To a place that he is. Amen. Somebody say, "God is." Amen. Not God was. Amen. Not God will be. Amen. But somebody's got to rise up and say, "God is Amen. God is a savior." Amen. God is a healer. God is a deliverer. God is a way maker. God is a soul saver. God is a problem fixer. God is a marriage fixer. God is a family restorer. Listen, I think it's time to quit putting in the future. And I think it's time to quit leaving in the past. I think it's time somebody Amen. rise up with the faith of Abraham and call the things of God present tense in the face of the devil that's trying to put it as a historical affair. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. God is. Amen. That's why. Amen. Somebody say, "Well, I know." Amen. Now, watch. If you've been born again, then you can say, "I know." Amen. Nobody can tell me I know he's a healer. Amen. The only way that a person can say, "I know." Amen. Is by an experience. And you know what Paul said? He said, "Wherefore I give you to understand that no man speaking by the spirit of God callth Jesus a curse and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord." Amen. But by the Holy Ghost. Do you realize you can't even call Jesus the Lord? Amen. But by the Holy Ghost. Brother Graham come along and said every man that'll come to Christ and that'll believe that he is and the rewarder of those who seek him and give up their sins. How many want to give up your sins and throw their arms open to God can have not could or possibly they can have. Amen. Not something that looks like it. Amen. Some imitation of it, but a genuine heart full of the real baptism of the Holy Ghost that fell on the day of Pentecost. Listen, I think it's time, amen, to let the faith of God move into our hearts and throw our hearts open to God and say, "Lord, I don't want a chill bump. I don't want a goosebump. I don't want a good feeling, Lord. Amen. I want something that'll come on the depths of my soul and it'll bring this body subject to the word. Now, &gt;&gt; now y'all know I'm in the word. Amen. Because anything outside the Holy Ghost is an impersonation. &gt;&gt; Psychology is an impersonation. Amen. Education is an impersonation. Amen. But God has delivered unto us in this generation. Amen. The reality of his genuine Holy Ghost. Amen. Then I think it's amazing that the faith of God, Amen, that has been instilled in a believer's heart, amen, is actually what is causing you, Amen, to expect the things that you're expecting. In Job 5 and verse 8, Job says, "I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause." Now watch this in verse 9, "Which doeth great things." Amen. Unsearchable and marvelous things. Amen. Things without number. Brother said, "God will do great things for you if you will only believe." &gt;&gt; But you must believe that he is. For those who come to him must believe that he is and a rewarder of those who diligently seek him. He said, "Now, you cannot sit there half dead and believe some kind of a cold doctrine and then expect to get something from God. You've got to believe that he is." And then listen, you can't believe some cold doctrine about God and get the manifestation to your expectation. You've got to believe that he is and that he's a rewarder of those who diligently seek him. Reverson said, "It's become such a place." Amen. Till the spirit of God has been grieved. And any church that denies the supernatural, it'll die as sure as I am standing in this pull pit. Amen. I'm going to tell you all the devil has introduced the idea, amen, that the supernatural is not real. But said, how do you know unless you taste and see? Oh, the poet said, "Taste and see." Amen. That the Lord is good. He is the rewarder of those who diligently seek after him. He's not the rewarder of those who stand back and criticize. Now, now, do you know what criticizing will do? It'll cause you to begin to lose confidence. It'll cause you to begin to lose faith. The prophet of God said, "If we lose faith, then we will never get a prayer answered by God." &gt;&gt; Now, come on. That's pretty heavy. If we ever lose faith, we will never get a prayer answered by God. For he that cometh to God must first believe that he is and a rewarder of those that diligently seek after him. So, if we lose faith, then our prayers are anulled. We get nowhere. If we lose our faith, then our prayers are anold. Now, amen. I know that sometimes we get embarrassed. Amen. Because maybe we can't pray like somebody else or we can't say certain words or quote scripture. Amen. But can I tell you what a prophet said? He said, "I'm standing here tonight." And he said, "I'm praying for you." He said, "But I don't have confidence in my prayer." He said, "My confidence is in the promise." Amen. So the confidence is not in the prayer. Amen. The confidence has got to be in the promise that you're praying about. Listen, you can get all your confidence in the way you pray and you can break words down and you can pray. You you can say everything just right and your prayer can be a null if there's no faith in the promise that you're praying about. But if there's faith in the pro, can I preach to you? If you're sick in your body and you begin to pray according to Isaiah 53 and all you can say is, "Lord, you are the God that healeth all thy diseases." Amen. that prayer, amen, will get a hold of God and he will come on the scene and he will begin to change the situation. Hey, it's all we can think of this morning is to hold on to faith. If we lose our faith, then all our hopes is gone. If we lose our faith, listen church, if we lose our faith, then all our spiritual reality is gone. That's right. &gt;&gt; The minute we lose our faith, then all the spiritual reality is gone. For you cannot have faith in things that you see, for those things you see are perishable. Now, I find it tonight that the new birth is the only way to bring a spiritual reality into a human being. Brother said, "See, you cannot have faith until you're born again." He said, "But there's a people on the earth that has been born again, and they will see the spiritual." And listen, can I say this to you? Amen. You will see the spiritual and the little realities of the body change. Listen, if you can put your faith and your confidence in the promise that I'm the Lord that will change thy body, you will see the literal spiritual reality of the body change. He said, "Oh, I want to see him." How many How many say, "Oh, I want to see him." Amen. I want to see the hour I look and see all these old bodies transformed. I want to see them changed in a moment, in a twinkle of an eye. If that isn't so, then we're most foolish people. He said, "We might as well eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you're going to die." Amen. See, you're just like an animal. You die and go to the dirt and that's all. But there's an immortal soul. Glory to God. There's an immortal soul that is living in you, brother. Can I say what a prophet said? He said, "We've done heard from heaven." Well, glory to God. We've done heard from heaven. We have done seen it proven. And we know that he is, and he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. Listen, you're not just a people tonight that has heard from the church. You're not just a people tonight that has heard from a preacher, but you are a privileged people by the grace of almighty God. You have heard from heaven. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You have heard from heaven. You say, "How does a believer hear from heaven?" Well, Matthew 16 answers that. The Bible says in the 17th verse, brother Brian, that Jesus answered and said unto him, blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven. Glory to God. You say, how can you say that? Because the father was in Jesus. &gt;&gt; Come on. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. The father was in Jesus. Amen. Can I go on and say it? So therefore, heaven was in Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. When they heard Jesus speak, they were not hearing from the rabbi. They were not hearing from the Pharisee. They were hearing from heaven. Oh, church of the living God. Hebrews 1 prophesied that that same Jesus would return in these last days and he would speak once again. Oh, can I say it tonight? Heaven's got a voice. Heaven's got a voice. Hey, and heaven don't just have a voice, but heaven's got an audience. Heaven's got somebody who's going to hear what he's got to say. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." No, I haven't. Heaven is a real place, folks. &gt;&gt; Heaven is speaking. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Heaven is talking. Heaven is talking. He said, "Now look, Satan thought he could twist him." Speaking of Job, are y'all with me tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Satan thought he could twist Job around a little bit and could cuff him up and could make him deny God. But you see, Job with his perfect revelation. &gt;&gt; Job had a perfect revelation. Now, are y'all ready for this? &gt;&gt; Of God. &gt;&gt; How many would love to have a perfect revelation of God? &gt;&gt; Can I go on? and who God was. &gt;&gt; But do you know there's a greater revelation to that? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Do you know what it is? And how God loved him. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. Job did not just have a revelation of who God was &gt;&gt; and of God at the present, but Job had a revelation &gt;&gt; of how God loved him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh church, he said then you see when the sick people that's in this building, the crippled people or what you have need of God, when you can get that type of revelation that you are justified, when you are actually justified in asking the thing you're asking for and then you believe that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek after him, then there's nothing can ever separate you from that faith that is anchored to you. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. This ain't just you anchoring to faith. This is the faith of God. Amen. Anchoring to you. &gt;&gt; Now, I might as well preach. I'm this close to it. He said, "But first it's got to be revealed to you." Now, watch what he says. And who is this Melzdc? He said, "Then after you recognized, Amen. the very word of God was eagle food. Then you left the other thing. You have been formed into the living image of the living God. You heard from your theophony. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God. You heard from your theophony. Can I tell you why you're here tonight? It's cuz confidence has been instilled in you by your theophony. The confidence that's in you is not coming from Grace Tabernacle. It's not coming from brother Mad. It's not coming from any preacher. The confidence that's on the inside of your soul has been instilled in you by the voice of heaven that is spoke unto you. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, church of the living God, I think it's time to clean house a second. I think it's time to Amen. I know that devil running rampant. I think it's time to remember we got a message and we got a message to live by. We got a message to die by. We got a message to raise by. We got a message to marry by. We got a message to raise our kids by. We got a message to marry. &gt;&gt; Come on. I tell you right now, if we we fix a lot of stuff, if we' turn off all this nonsense and quit trying to marry and live by social media and get our heads back in the Bible, &gt;&gt; well, I might as well preach. I'm this close to it. You know why nervousness is gripping so many hearts? Is because everybody's trying to live by some unconverted Oh, God. some unconverted blogger that's trying to tell our mamas how to raise their babies and trying to tell our brothers how to be husband. Listen, the message of the hour is either the truth or it's not. And I believe this message is the truth. Then I think we ought to clean up our homes. We ought to clean up our marriages. We ought to clean up our families. And let heaven speak again. Well, I tell you how to get rid of grudges. Let heaven speak in your home and grudges will have to leave. I tell you how to fix marriages. Got heaven speaking your home. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Heaven is talking. &gt;&gt; Your reward is talking to you. &gt;&gt; Now, &gt;&gt; I know the devil the devil don't like it, but but it's the truth anyhow. &gt;&gt; Amen. Anything outside this message is lay out of seeing inspired &gt;&gt; and it's to weaken men and oh God &gt;&gt; and make men diss rags. Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. Amen. I don't know why I'm here, but I'm here to weaken the office of a husband and a father. &gt;&gt; But it wasn't so from the beginning. &gt;&gt; Now, y'all know that probably God said it's got to a time where women have to be more spiritual than the men. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. &gt;&gt; But it's because you lost your confidence somewhere. But if you could ever realize that this message is not legalism, &gt;&gt; this message is your theophony speaking to you, &gt;&gt; brother said, then just think of it. Your glorified body is right here at the tabernacle. Now, y'all hear me? Your glorified body is right here at the tabernacle now. The presence of the Holy Spirit, which is your glorified condition. Do you realize you're glorified in Christ right now? Those who he justified, he has already glorified. And your own glorified body is standing near you right now in Christ Jesus to give you a strength like a charge going into a battery. The Holy Spirit is in you. It's to charge your body to give you new strength to heal you from the sickness to make you well. Oh church of the living God, I think it's time to unplug from Leosa. I think it's time to unplug, amen, from man's ideas and plug back into your theophony and let your theophony plug into you and let your theophony send a charge of strength through you. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. I tell you this. Amen. The devil's doing everything he can to destroy homes. He's doing everything he can to destroy families. He's doing everything he can to destroy relationships. But folks, we got a revelation to fight back against that devil with. Now, either you believe it or not, you've either got perfect revelation or you don't. &gt;&gt; Perfect revelation comes from God. Now, I I think this is amazing that if Job under the blood of bulls and goats, &gt;&gt; could have a perfect revelation of how God loved him. &gt;&gt; What about the believer? See, if you ever got a revelation love of God, it changed the way you worship. &gt;&gt; If you ever got a real perfect revelation of the love of God, it would change the way you back the word. &gt;&gt; See, like if you don't have a perfect revelation love of God and a man of God starts preaching against some things, then you get all nervous. Well, he's after this and he's after that and he's after this and he heard this and he saw that and he said this and she told &gt;&gt; but if you had a perfect revelation, you'd stand up and say, "That's God's love for me." &gt;&gt; See, that's God not want me to miss the rapture. &gt;&gt; That's God not want me to be left behind. Listen what the Bible said. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believe in him should not perish but have everlasting life. I love what Paul says in Romans 5:8. He said, "But God commanded his love toward us in that while we were yet sinners." &gt;&gt; While we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Verse 9, much more then being now justified by his blood. We shall be saved from the wrath through him. Oh, in 1 John 4:10, herein is love, not that we love God, but that he loved us, and he sent his son to be the propitiation of our sins. I love 1 John 4:18. There is no fear in love. But perfect love casteth out fear, because fear hath torment, and he that fearth is not made perfect in love. Now listen, we love him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why do we love him, brother Jared? Because he first loved us. Brother said, "Oh, you don't want to show the people." Amen. If you got a nice watch on, you don't want to show them what a fine crystal you got, what a fine face it's got, what kind of hands it's got, what fine rubies it's got, but you want to show what a wonderful time piece it is. And the world is sick and they are tired of looking at great big spires and looking at fine dressed people and looking at a bunch of isms. It wants to see the genuine love of God projected in the hearts of his people. That's what the world is looking for. The world is dying for love. Come on, church. The world is dying for love. He said the church is dying for love. But Jesus said, "Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the salt has lost its savor, it is henceforth good for nothing but to be trott in the feet of man. And if the church has lost its divine revelation of the love of God, it becomes a mock and a stalk and a stumbling block to the world. Well, glory to God. Not if you lose your revelation of the seventh seal. Not if you lose your revelation of prophets, not if you lose your revelation of the spoken word, but if you lose that divine revelation of the love of God. Now, come on. Because because if you had a divine revelation of the love of God, it makes you love people when they're not even lovable. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. It'll it'll make you forgive somebody. &gt;&gt; See, that's what the product of God is saying is the church is becoming a stumbling block because it's lost its perfect revelation of the love of God. Now, I just got to say what Isaiah said. He said, "The mountain shall depart &gt;&gt; and the hills be removed, &gt;&gt; but my kindness shall not depart from thee." &gt;&gt; Ain't that something? &gt;&gt; Now, if God's kindness won't depart from you, then why do you let your kindness depart from others? &gt;&gt; Well, this No. Why? &gt;&gt; Why do we do it? Because the devil knows there's a reward coming to it. That's right. &gt;&gt; Look, neither shall the covenant of my peace be removed, says the Lord. He that hath mercy on me. I love Ephesians 3:17, that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith, that you be in rooted and grounded in love. Now, Brother says it beautiful. He says, when a man experiences the depth of God in his life, it's an actual personal experience of the spirit of God indwelling him and his mind is illuminated by the wisdom and the knowledge of God through the word. Now, I'll say this to you tonight. Satan hates the thought of there being a people in the land with the perfect revelation of who God is and his love for them and that he is a rewarder. The devil, that's the devil's greatest nightmare is there's again another people in the land who's not moved by feelings. They're not moved by emotions. They're not moved by problems, but they're moved by perfect revelation that God loves them. Well, I don't know. I feel like stopping here and shouting for about five minutes. God loves me. Hey, I don't know about y'all, but that makes me want to dance all around to think that God who hung the moon, who created the universe, that he loves this old piece of Tennessee dirt and he would reveal himself to me and he would fill me with the Holy Ghost. Listen, I don't know how bad of a day you're having and how dark of a trial and situation you're in, but why don't you tonight let the love of God strike your soul and put some confidence in there that God loves you. &gt;&gt; He loves you. &gt;&gt; God loves you. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm not worthy. He loves you anyhow. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Well, I made a mistake. He loves you anyhow. Well, I messed up. He loves you anyhow. &gt;&gt; Well, I tell you what the Bible says. The Bible says, "Be strong, therefore, and let not your hands be weak, for your work shall be rewarded." &gt;&gt; You know what David said? He said, "The Lord rewarded me according to my righteousness." &gt;&gt; Oh my. According to the cleanness of my hands, hath he recompense me. I love Psalms 103 and10. Brother Brother Jolie says this, "He hath not dealt with us after our sins." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Nor rewarded us according to our iniquities. &gt;&gt; For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. Now, come on, church. As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us. &gt;&gt; Proverbs 13:13, "Who so despiseth the word shall be destroyed, but he that fearth the commandment shall be rewarded." &gt;&gt; I love what Jesus said. He said, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice." &gt;&gt; Now, I know that's a heavy one cuz we're all humans. Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward in heaven. &gt;&gt; For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. I love what the prophet says. He said, "The church will never know the labor and the weary and the tall and the trials that's tried to break it, the message, but he does." Now, listen to a prophet. But my reward doesn't come from people. &gt;&gt; Well, that makes me want to shout hallelujah cuz you'll give and give and give and people turn around and spit in your face. But I'm not going to quit giving and I'm not going to quit working cuz I'm not working for an earthly reward but my father which is in heaven. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Come on. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. You'll give and give and give and do and do and do. And the more you do, the less appreciated. &gt;&gt; But I tell you what the Bible says. The Bible says, "Whatsoever a man seweth, that shall he also reap." &gt;&gt; I tell you what a prophet said. He said, "You reap what you sow." That's God's law. &gt;&gt; He said, "Now, you say, "Well, can't we backslide?" Absolutely. And when you backslide, you're going to get it. Don't you worry. &gt;&gt; Abraham got it &gt;&gt; and the rest of them got it. And you'll get it. Don't you think it gives you a right to sin? &gt;&gt; It doesn't. &gt;&gt; You'll pay for everything you do. Now, come on, church. &gt;&gt; You will reap what you sow. &gt;&gt; You do. Now, this is a prophet. You do one little sin and you'll reap a whole wash tub full. &gt;&gt; That's right. But, brother, that don't mean to say that you're lost. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. Give me some shout room. That's exactly right. Abraham reaped exactly what he sowed. That's right. But he was still saved. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about the love of God. I'm talking about the perfect revelation. &gt;&gt; Come on, Job. You're on the ash heap and the perfect revelation. Love of God is speaking out of you in that you can say, "Though he slay me, yet I will trust him." &gt;&gt; Now, I know we we always use that in the negative. Well, you're going to reap what you sow. But but come on. I I don't think we ought to leave in the negative. &gt;&gt; I know people reap negative because they sow negative. &gt;&gt; But brother Ed, I believe there's a positive. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I believe if a person can sow negative and reap negative, I believe another person can sow positive &gt;&gt; and can reap positive. See, the Bible says, "Let us not be weary and welloing for in due season we shall reap if we faint not." Brother said, "That's my attitude all along. I want to go out of this world with that same attitude, knowing that someday I shall receive a reward if I can only be faithful." &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Until that time when the rewards are given. &gt;&gt; You know what a prophet says? He said, "The reward of the just awaits for each believer. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Can I read you another fifth seal? He said, "And the God of heaven rewards you for your stand for him." &gt;&gt; Well, that makes me want to just stop and dance. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Some of y'all don't realize it, but you're reaping the benefits of the stand that you took for God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come on now. Mariah's got a sign in the hallway and every day I go by and look at it, it always it always speaks to my heart. There's a sign hangs there and it says, "I remember the days I prayed for the things that I have now." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; But do you realize when we get in the middle of the things that we were praying for, we forget that there was a reward to those. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Amen. I'm going to preach. Amen. There's a reward for self-sacrifice. There &gt;&gt; there's a reward for crucifying your flesh sometimes. There's a reward coming to it. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, it's hard right now." But can you hear me? There's a reward coming. &gt;&gt; See, I love how the prophet God does this. He takes time to clearly and emphatically establish to the church that God rewards faith. &gt;&gt; God don't reward works. God rewards faith. &gt;&gt; And faith is a revelation. Now, you all know in Genesis 4, there was two boys named Cain and Abel, right? &gt;&gt; You know, the pro of God said Cain laid his sacrifice down. &gt;&gt; Brother Brian, he knelt down on his knees and raised up his hands. Can I go on? &gt;&gt; Brother says, "I can hear his beautiful prayer. Oh, how he rhymed it out just so in order and everything trying to find favor with Jehovah." Here's what he said. Here is the works I brought and laid down. I've built this church. I've done these things. I've worked hard. And here's a part of what I've got. I lay here. I offer to you Jehovah. Can I find favor? See, he wasn't an infidel. He was a fundamentalist. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Can I go on? &gt;&gt; But God through election. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on. But God through election, he said that shakes you down. It was through election that God called Abel and had recompense to the reward. Here was Abel then all up there just not very much to look at. He just had a big old rock lamb. He was beaten and just a life out of it. A bleeding that little lamb. But what was it speaking on? Abel had foresight. He was born of Adam which was a son of God. Oh, can I say what a prophet said? And the church today that is born of Christ, the son of God, has the foresight and the recompense to the reward that's going to come. I wish I was a preacher right now. Hallelujah. Amen. Cain was laying everything just right, doing everything just perfect. He was trying to work and get a reward, but here was his little Pentecostal holy roller brother. And he come dragging a lamb in the temple. and he laid a rock upon his neck and he be to beef that lamb. Do you know what he never done? He never asked God to give him favor. He never asked God to show him favor because his revelation. Hallelujah. Can I just tell you like I'm wanting to say it? &gt;&gt; You ain't got to ask God to bless you. Just start worshiping him. That's right. &gt;&gt; You ain't got to ask God to move. Just start praising him. He said that don't care what the world says, how old fashioned we're called. He was looking at what God said. We don't look at the things that go on so much temporarily now. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But we look at the end of the road &gt;&gt; where the rewards are given. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Now, y'all y'all got to y'all got to give me some liberty here, cuz &gt;&gt; there were four lepers sitting by the gate. &gt;&gt; Do you know Syria was besieged? &gt;&gt; Do you know it was so bad that mamas were bullying and eating their own babies? &gt;&gt; Do you know that leprosy broke out and there were four lepers &gt;&gt; sitting by the gate? And the prophet of God said, they looked at each other and they said, "If we sit here, we're going to die. If we get up and go, we're going to die." So, you know what they said? They said, "Why sit we here &gt;&gt; until we die?" And the prophet of God said, "And by now, now come on." &gt;&gt; They didn't have four legs to walk on. They didn't have Come on. They didn't have Sorry. They didn't have two legs and two arms to crawl on. Maybe one of them was missing an arm. Maybe one of them was missing a leg. Oh god. Y'all imagine a leper sitting there and everything around him is dying. The whole atmosphere is a feel of death. And all of a sudden he comes to church on a Wednesday night. &gt;&gt; Where you going? I'm going down there in the name of the Lord. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Come on. They didn't shout down there. They didn't. Some of them probably had to get on one leg and hop all the way down there cause leprosy and taken their other leg. But when they got down there, &gt;&gt; God didn't reward their works. He rewarded their faith. And the prophet of God said he didn't just save them. He saved all of Israel. [Applause] &gt;&gt; There's a reward coming. &gt;&gt; See, they only had one chance. Reb said this. He said, "Let's go down to the colony of the Syrians, the enemy." Can I Can I just say what a prophet said? He said, "And God rewarded them for taking that only chance they had." &gt;&gt; Now, now you all know blind Barnameus. He sat by the by the highway side begging. Jesus walked by. He said, "What would you have that I might receive my sight, Lord?" and he looked around to him and said, "Thy faith has saved thee." He never said, "Now, I know you're going to be well." He just said, "Your faith has saved you." &gt;&gt; Are y'all Are y'all open for this tonight? &gt;&gt; He knew that if that man respected the gift of God in that measure. &gt;&gt; That God would be obligated to reward him of his faith. &gt;&gt; Listen, there you are. He come with a full heart. &gt;&gt; Now Jesus knowed what he was coming for. &gt;&gt; Jesus knowed what he was looking for. Brother Noah, this is the one that blows my mind. He knew the depths of his faith. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Ben, God knew the depths of Barnameus's faith. &gt;&gt; And he looked at him and said, "Thy faith has saved thee." &gt;&gt; See, brother B said this beautiful. He said, "Now we're compassed about with such a great cloud of witnesses." He said, 'Now if we see what God did back there to those people upon certain attitudes that they taken towards God and then if we find out if we'll take the same attitude they did, we will receive the same reward they did. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So you mean your attitude &gt;&gt; sir &gt;&gt; is connected to your reward? &gt;&gt; You can just expect because God never changes. He's just the same. Now I got I got to say everything he said. &gt;&gt; His blessings is the same. Yes, &gt;&gt; sir. &gt;&gt; Can I go on? &gt;&gt; And his penalties is the same. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, I just got to say it. There is a recompense of reward for obedience. &gt;&gt; And there's there's a recompense of reward for disobedience. &gt;&gt; Burb said should look here. The Old Testament was a shadow of the New Testament to come. And if I see how God dealt with men there, I see how God will deal with men over here. I see what kind of a recompense of reward for disobedience, I know what it'll be over here. Now, &gt;&gt; I say that because because sometimes we get in our mind that that that taking a stand or or or or doing something, amen, is is going to is is too costly. But but but brother and I just I was just stud my my life story. And if you ever get time to go home and listen to it, it's a powerful one. 1951 nail near the end that brother Bam just breaks down and starts crying. He said, "I put down all the invitations." He's talking about when he first went among the Pentecostals and he's talking about how they were welcoming him and they were, "Oh, we got you this pullpit and we got you this place." And he said, "I put down all the invitations." And he said, "I hurried home to my wife and when she come to meet me, I told her about these happy people." And she said, "Oh, Billy, I would like to have that experience." Said, "Well, they call it," I said, "Well, it's a baptism of the Holy Spirit." I said let us go find Jesus like that. So we did and we both received the blessing. So I was going to leave then to go on to evangelistic work. So we went to tell our parents. Now watch. Now I told he said now her mother was a refined type of woman belonged to a great big church. She said now Billy them people are nothing but trash. There's nothing to them. You stay away from them. I don't want my girl around them. I said oh but they were real. She said no. And I said, "I believe they are." And my wife started crying. He said, "And there's where I made my fatal mistake." &gt;&gt; Now, I I know this is heavy for deity people, but we got to say what he said. &gt;&gt; He said, "I listened to my mother-in-law &gt;&gt; instead of God &gt;&gt; and forsaken the church and went on back with the Baptist people and right away plagues hit my home. My wife took sick. My father died on my arm. My brother was killed. And everything happened just in a few days. A great flood hit the country and washed away the home. My wife was in the hospital. I was out on a rescue with my boat. And one night out in the water, my boat got in the current and was going over a big falls and I couldn't get the motor started. And I raised up my hands and I said, "Oh God, don't let me drown. I'm not worthy to live, but think of my wife and baby." And I tried again and it was start. And I cried again to God. And then just before going over the falls, the motor started and I got to land. Now come on, church. You sow a little sin, you're going to reap a whole wash tub full. &gt;&gt; But he was still saved &gt;&gt; now. Now, now come on, church. You can't &gt;&gt; I'm I'm &gt;&gt; You can't sew bad seed &gt;&gt; and then all of a sudden think there's not going to be a harvest. When the harvest comes, you can't lose your confidence. &gt;&gt; Come on. What if he would have threw up his hands right there and said, "I give up, Lord. I know why my boat won't start. I know why my wife's laying down there. I know why the church is falling apart. I know why all these things are happening. It's cuz I listen to my mother-in-law instead of listening to God." You know what he done? He just he just hunkered down and he said, "I'm going to believe God. I'm going to trust God." and he threw up his hands and he said, "Lord, I know I'm not worthy, but would you start this boat and God who is rich in mercy, &gt;&gt; came on the scene?" &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Let me tell you, there is a recompense of reward to disobedience. But if there's a recompense of reward to disobedience, then what about obedience? I love in in First Kings 17, you know what the Bible says? The Bible says there was a widow woman and there was a famine struck the land. And the Bible says that God sent his prophet Elijah and said unto her, "Fear not. Go and do as thou has said, but make me a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and make for thee and for thy son." Now, I love verse 14. For thus sayith the Lord God of Israel, the barrel of meal shall not waste. Neither shall the crus of oil fail until the day that the Lord sendeth rain &gt;&gt; upon the earth. &gt;&gt; Now, brother says, "It beautiful." He said, "She sought the kingdom of God first." &gt;&gt; You know why? Cuz she walked in God's provided way &gt;&gt; and God rewarded her. if they're willing to walk with him through the tolls and snares of life and be an honor to him, he was going to reward them because he is not forgetful of our labor of love. Now, I want to I want to say this to you and I want to say it very plain. We have seen in this day the vindicated manifestation &gt;&gt; of the power of God and I I just want to say it and I want to I want to make it very plain how you approach it because of where it's coming from. Somebody say how &gt;&gt; how you approach it because of where. Somebody say where &gt;&gt; it's coming from depends on the reward you get. &gt;&gt; Rebraham said now I'm just going to read a few to you here so don't go to sleep. Somebody else say brother Brandon I've been to church but never did I see the Bible made real like that. There's got to be something you know that's something doing that. Now it depends on what you think it is. If you want to say it's be elabub then go ahead. That'll be between you and God. But if you believe it's Jesus Christ, then God will reward you for it. You'll either be cursed by it or you'll be blessed by it. Either which one you want to be. It's up to you. Here's another one. Now, if Jesus will come and just take this body, my voice, now remember Jesus is in every way like he was only a corporal body. Do you understand that? What are we? He is the vine. We are the branches. The vine doesn't bear the fruit. The branches bear the fruit. But the energy has to come from the vine. The vine has to send forth the power to bear the fruit. Now if he has risen from the dead, which we know he is. And then if God sent me to do this, I'm not a preacher as a preacher, but it's by gift. If he lets me see visions and say this woman is like that woman at the well and will reveal to me something that's in your heart and that you're wanting, would you believe it was him? You know it have to come from some supernatural resource. How many knows that? &gt;&gt; Now if you believe that, it depends on what you think it is. Now, if you're here for some need and you say, "I'm sick. I have some disease." And I tell you why. The Lord's going to heal you. You could doubt that. See, you wouldn't know whether my words was right or not there. But if the Lord will tell you something that you know I know nothing about, then you know that has to come from the supernatural power. Well, you can say, "Well, the devil told him that," then you get the devil's reward. But if you say the Lord told him that, &gt;&gt; then you get the Lord's reward. &gt;&gt; Now it's done by her. It'll be to you just the same. I have no idea what's wrong with a woman. I have no idea, but God does. Here's another one. This great God and father we're speaking of is not something that was. Are I'm closing right here. He's not something that was. &gt;&gt; He's something that is. &gt;&gt; Come on. If you're going to get the reward, you've got to believe that God is. &gt;&gt; He's not just a God that was. He is a God that is. And if he by his people who are called by his name will get up past that barrier of what the world's got to say, what the church has got to say, what the science has got to say, and look to what God has to say, that minute you will pass the vibration of unbelief, and you will go free. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; If you can pass what the world has got to say, if you can pass what the church has got to say, if you can pass what science has got to say, that's the minute you'll go free out of this building tonight just as happy as you can be. You'll be serving God. You'll be feeling free. Your sins are all gone and you're healed from your sickness. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit is here &gt;&gt; and will reward you &gt;&gt; if you will believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Re said this. Get the people to believe. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Get the people to believe. Not even cancer. &gt;&gt; Now, folks, it took a prophet to stand there and say this. Now, without a shadow of a doubt, I can prove infallibly if you'll believe me, it'll leave you. Now, &gt;&gt; folks, let's bring that out of the realm of sickness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on. Let's let's let's bring that out of the realm of the first and second pool. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's bring it right into the realm of our lives. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; We're not in a prayer line tonight. &gt;&gt; Come on. We're not calling people up trying to discern situations. That's right. &gt;&gt; But there's spirits that need to be broke right now. &gt;&gt; I'm not ignorant. &gt;&gt; There's spirits that need to be broke right now. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And if you can believe &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If you can believe the word I'm preaching, it'll break that spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on. I tell you why you don't want to break it. Cuz you love &gt;&gt; Well, you pushed. I'm going to preach. You love that spirit and you harbor that thing. And you'd rather pet that thing around than destroy it because it gives you a little security blanket. But why don't you destroy that thing before you sew a field full of seed? Come on. I know what I'm talking about. Amen. That little gossiping devil, destroy that thing. That little bitterness, devil, destroy that thing. That little unforgiven spirit, destroy that thing. &gt;&gt; Come on. I'm not a crazy man. I think it's time to take our position as the sons and daughters of God. I think it's time to stand up in the faith of God with the word of God and tell that devil, Satan, I refuse to sew another seed like this. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. Amen. I know when I'm this close to it, I might as well preach. Amen. I know what happens is we get so settled down and we get so comfortable. Amen. The prophet of God said this. He said, "But if you can believe right now, the unseen Christ is standing amongst us here now to reward your faith." I'm telling you tonight, Grace Tabernacle, Brother Ben, the unseen Christ is right here in this building tonight. And he's here to reward your faith. [Applause] Hey, I'm not going to back up to that devil right now cuz I refuse to let some little devil hijack the atmosphere of Grace Tabernacle. I refuse to let some little ill feeling or some little hurt word rob atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind. I'm a part of the Joshua generation and I got a right to walk around this building and say I serve eviction notice on every spirit that's unlike the Holy Spirit and I call for the faith of God to be instilled in the hearts of God's children and say, "Satan, it's enough. &gt;&gt; Break that thing. &gt;&gt; Break it." &gt;&gt; Well, well, that's the way I am. Break it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, that's the way my mom was. Break it. &gt;&gt; You're anointed to break it. &gt;&gt; You said, "Preacher, you lost your mind." No, I hadn't. I ain't got to lay hands on you right now. You can believe the word I'm preaching, and you can break that thing that's been following you for years. &gt;&gt; Come on. You can break that thing that's been following you for years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm I'm I'm just going to preach. &gt;&gt; You can break it right now. Some of you men can break that spirit that's got you so paralyzed that you can't even lead in your home no more because some little devil's told you that you're being too dominated. That's a lying devil from the pits of hell. Break that spirit in the name of God and rise above it and put your foot on it and say there's a reward coming. There's a harvest coming. Oh, amen. That little temper that you love, why don't you let the Holy Ghost break that thing tonight? that little temper that's run you since a kid. Why don't you let the Holy Ghost break it tonight? &gt;&gt; If you believe he's in the building to break it, &gt;&gt; folks, I got hundreds of them here. Sorry, probably 40. I'm not going to read them all to you. Come on, musicians, but I can stand here and read you for hours where a prophet stood there and said, "That's a spirit. That's a spirit. It's following your life. It's following you. It's trying to take you to a premature grave. But if you'll believe me, it'll leave you right now. &gt;&gt; Believe the word &gt;&gt; and watch the word break it. &gt;&gt; Won't you stand to your feet tonight? &gt;&gt; Satan's after it. Satan's after your confidence. &gt;&gt; He's trying to take it out of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because he knows there's a reward coming to it. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." No, I hadn't lost my mind. We don't walk by sight. We walk by faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I I I just I just tell you tonight, Prophet God said, "You don't go into heaven by speaking in tongues." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He said, "You go into heaven by keeping every word." &gt;&gt; He said, "That's the evidence of the Holy Ghost when you believe the word of God." &gt;&gt; Can I I I'm out of time, but I'm just going I'm just going to say what a prophet said. He said, "You say we'll speak with tongues and then refuse to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, something wrong somewhere." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, indeed. any of those things, any of those orders God give, there's something wrong. Just search your own conscience and see what the Bible said. Show me some place where somebody was baptized in the name of the father, son, holy ghost. See, it's not there. But you see, sometimes for your conscience sake, you say, "Well, you say God speaks to the woman. God speaks to the women about how they must do and not wear shorts and things." But you know the pastor said, you know what a prophet of God said? He said, "So they take the easy way." &gt;&gt; They take the easy way, brother David. Come on. &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm not a crazy man tonight, but I am a Holy Ghost fil preacher. How many more services are you going to keep taking the easy way around that spirit? &gt;&gt; Huh? How many more days, Listen, I'm not I'm not playing right now. How many more days are you going to keep taking the easy way around that thing when you have been anointed to destroy it? &gt;&gt; Well, it's just the way I am and it's just No, it's a devil. It's a devil trying to destroy you and destroy your future because that devil knows there's a reward coming. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Well, I'm just going to take the easy way. You know what a prophet said? He said, "Listen, I stand there in Tucson preaching one night. This is your own prophet." Stand there preaching. Danny Henry spoke up, began to speak in tongues. Said, he said, "Brother Brandom, I hope this don't sound sacriiggious, but that could be the 23rd chapter of Revelation." And when he started to say something, he started speaking in tongues. Now, three people wrote it down. And he said, "All three wrote the note was the same interpretation." And it said this, "Because thou has chosen this harder way. You've chose it. You have took chose it by your own choosing." Of course, we know that Moses had to make his choice. Said, "This is the precise and the correct way because it's my way." And what a glorious decision you've made. Because of this, a large portion of heaven awaits you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And this in itself is that which will make and bring to pass the tremendous victory in the love divine. Listen, get mad at me if you want to. There's no reward coming to those that take the easy way. There's no reward. But to those that will step out and say, "Devil, we're through." &gt;&gt; Devil, you've hit you. You you you have you have bound my life with this as long as you're going to bind me. &gt;&gt; Today, devil &gt;&gt; now, a prophet of God, folks, had to take that route. &gt;&gt; He had to step out in a in a hard way. Now listen, I'm not You all You all know me tonight. I normally don't preach like this, but there's a great reward laying ahead of you. There's a victory ahead of you. Are you going to keep dodging that little spirit and dodging this issue? And are you just going to face it? &gt;&gt; Say, "Devil, we're through. Devil, I'm done with you. I'm done with your lies. I'm done with your stories. I'm done with your excuses. Devil, we're through. I'm going to march forward in a great victory in love divine. You say, "Preacher, you you you lost your mind." No, I hadn't. It was in a meeting like this one night. I was preaching on a Wednesday night and there was a man sitting there and he was holding his baby and I got to preaching on the statue of a perfect man on temper. And I said, "That temper controlled your daddy. It controlled you and it's trying to control that child." I didn't have a clue who I was talking to. I was just preaching, Sister Cindy. And when I said that, that man come running out of the back of that church down the altar. And he just knelt down and began to pray. And I went over and laid my hand on him. And as I began to pray, the power of God began to fall on me. I didn't know what I was praying for. Two weeks later, I went back to that church. And he wrote a testimony and hung it up on the bulletin board and said, "I had a temper that my grandfather had, my father had." He said, "I had it." He said, "And that day, Brother Andrew was preaching that." He said, "I saw that thing raise its head up in my kid that day playing." And he said, "I realized if I don't kill it now, it's going on into my child. If I don't stop it now, it's going on into my child." And he said, "I got down to business with God." And he said, "I killed that thing." And he said, "I can raise my hands and say, "Praise God, I'm free of it." That same God is right here in this building tonight. Why don't you draw your sword and kill that devil tonight? Kill that devil in the name of Jesus. You ain't got to let that thing run you around. Kill it tonight &gt;&gt; in the name of Jesus. Brother Matt, would you come? There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Break. Every chain. Break. Every chain. Break. Every chain. Break every chain. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army rising up. There's an army riseing up. There's an army rise up. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break. Every chain. Will I say there is power in the name of Jesus? There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. Yes, there's an army rising up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Yes, I know there's a true bride riseing up. There's a true bride rising up. Yes, there's a true rise rising up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. That you're in that you're a deliverer. Father pass me now. Oh [Music] go here my humble cry. [Music] For and while on others thou art called thee. [Music] Yes, Lord. Do not press me down. I'm crying. Saveior. Yes, my Savior. Won't you keep my [Music] waterers [Music] thou are calling for You pass me by. Yes, I'm crying. Saveior. Yes, my Savior. [Music] Won't you hear my [Music] others thou are holy. Do not be bound. [Music] Oh, let me be at the throne of mercy. [Music] Lord, may I find a sweet, [Music] oh my [Music] sweet nutrition, oh Lord. For him I leave. Well, I'm crying savior. [Music] Yes, my savior. Won't you hear my heart? Oh, why all thou are calling? do not pass me by. [Music] I said while on others thou are poe or do not pass me bound. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. Paul will sing. How great. How great is our God. I say how great is our God. Oh, I say how great is our God. All will say how great is how great is our God. For he's the name above all names and he's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Well, he's the name above all name. Yes, he's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. [Music] I say how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. I will see how great is how great is our God. [Applause] For he's the name above all names. And he's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing how great our God. The splender of a king. Let's clothe the majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in life. And darkness tries to hide. Tremble at his voice. Tremble at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. All will see. How great is how great is our God. For he's the name above all names. [Music] And he's worthy of all praise. Yes, my heart will sing. How great is our God. Yes, he's the name above all name. And he's worthy of all my praise. Yes, my heart. We'll sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. How great is our God. All will see how great is how great is our God. Can you sing it to him? He's the name above all names and he's worthy of all praise. Yes, my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, you're the name above all names. You're worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. [Music] You can lock me up. in a prison and thrown away the key. You can take away the vision of these eyes that I see. You can deprive me of the food that I eat. [Music] by my hands and my feet. Oh, but as long as I know Jesus, I know that I I can still go free. And I say that I can still go free. And what kind of man would reach down and do this for me? I'm so unworthy to live. did not fear to kill, but did a man on the cross. He wrote my name in his and said that I could still go free ever could quite understand this one. Tell me why a king would ever leave his throne. to put on the robe of an earthly man and feel the pain of flesh and bone. him to later walk down and lonely path and liary. Oh, but the blood he shed inside my pardon. It red and said that I can still go free. When I say that I can still go free. Tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. I'm so worthy to live. It not fit to kill. did a man on the cross. He rolled my name in his will and said that I could still free. Can we sing that last verse one more time? Well, I never could understand this one thing. Tell me why a king would ever leave his throne. Just to put on the robe of an earthly man and fear the pain of fleshes and bound to lay down and love to Calary. Oh, but those blood red stains, they broke all of my chains and declare that I can still go free. When I say that I can still go through. Lord, tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. I'm so unworthy to leave, yet not fear to kill. But did a man on the cross, he put my name in his will and said that I can still go free. Amen. Won't you just give him a handful of praise tonight? Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Don't we have an awesome God tonight? How many say that God broke some chains in your life tonight? I believe that. at the preaching of the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. The devil don't like that sound. The sound of chains breaking. &gt;&gt; Amen. But there's something about it tonight. And say, "What's it sound like?" I'll tell you what it sound like. It sound like these sisters up at the altar with their hands raised and crying out to God, &gt;&gt; praising God. That's the sound of chains being broken. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Won't you give him another hand clap of praise tonight? Well, God is my everything. God is my everything. Well, he's my hope. Yes, he's my joy. Well, he's my rock. Well, he's my shelter in a time of storm. Oh, well, God is Well, God is my everything. Well, God is my everything. Well, God is He's my everything. Well, he's my hope. Well, he's my joy. I said he's my rock. Well, he's my shelter in a time of storm. I know God is his God is my heavenly friend. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how wonderful that you are tonight, Lord. God, you're so mindful of your children, Lord. God, you brought a word, Lord, that was a help to the church. And Lord, we're so thankful, God, that you would speak to our hearts. Lord, you knew exactly what we had need of. And Lord, I just thank you for Brother Andrew, Lord, being able to surrender to you tonight and allow you to use him. Lord, I pray that you would give him strength in his body, Lord, and knowing that he's been laboring, Lord, to have so many at home, Lord, and just burdens. Lord, I just pray that you would lift him up tonight, God. I pray that you would help him, Lord, and his family. God, I pray you would take each one as we leave this place, Lord. Bring us back in the house of God, Lord. May we be closer to you, Lord. Every service, Lord. That's our desire is to draw closer and closer unto you, Lord. We thank you once again, Lord. And we ask you to be with the people as we go. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Well, if the world from you withhold of its silver and its gold, and you have to get along with me or fair, just remember in his word how he feeds the little bird. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave it there. Well, leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he'll surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Well, if your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain, but you know that God in heaven answers prayer. Well, Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave it.
