################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - Pastor Matt Morse  The Presence of a Supernatural Power 07-09-25 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse | The Presence of a Supernatural Power |07-09-25
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IO_3p3I2QUE
========================================

[Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Oh, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Isn't you? Oh, let's all stand. Just sing it to you. Sing it to him this evening. Lord, I give you my heart. Oh, Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul and I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, oh Lord, have your way with me. Oh, sing that first verse. This is my desire and this is my desire, Lord, to honor you. Oh, and Lord, with all my heart, oh, I worship you. [Applause] Oh, and all I have within me, I give you praise. Oh, and all that I adore, it's in you. All will you give him your heart to see it. And Lord, I give you my heart. Oh, I give you my soul. Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I awake. Oh Lord, have yours. Sing it again. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. Lord, I give you my soul. Oh yes, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take. Oh, every moment I wait. Lord, have Oh, every breath that I take. Oh, every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake. Oh Lord, have your way with me. Oh, is that your prayer this evening? Let the worippers around. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all to you, Lord. I surrender to the king. Sing it again. Let the worippers arise. [Applause] Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all for to you, Lord. I surrender to the king. And father might see that you are drawing. Oh, a light in the sand. And I want to be standing by your side. Oh, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. Lord, this is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. For I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender. Oh, do you hear it growing louder? Oh, Father, I hear it growing louder. It's a song of your redeeming. Oh, as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. Oh, from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song, a song we sing to our king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh yes. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. For I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. [Applause] Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all to you, Lord. I surrender to the King. I'll give him a hand clap of praise this evening. He's worthy of all the praises that we can give him. He's certainly so good to us. Certainly good to be back with you guys. Good to be home, gathered here in the house of the Lord. Just ready to praise and worship him and hear from our pastor this evening. Just want to keep him in prayer. Also remember brother Andrew as he's over there traveling in the check. So just keep him in prayer. Each one if you would have a need just lift it to him. Brother Joe, will you open the service in order of prayer? [Music] We Fathership Father. [Music] Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this evening. Certainly good to be here. Just welcome each one those that are on live stream. Just a quick reminder those we got our the meetings for brother Ben Puit up there uh next weekend starting Thursday night. So just be in prayer for those. If you feel led, go support them. They always come down and support us. So I'm sure it'll be a great time up there. Let's sing that song. I've been changed. How many you thankful you've been changed this evening? How many you thankful you're not what you used to be? Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. Well, I've been washed by the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now. All put your hands together. Oh, cuz I've been changed. But I've been re Oh my life has been rear raised. Oh what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life praise God has been changed. And though my sins were as gone there why has snow as I was found but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been free. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Well, sing that second verse again. And though my sins were as scorned, they're wide as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind. Praise God, I can see. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God has been changed. And when at last in his presence, I stand up. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, then I'll thank him for giving a rest like me a new home behind the sky. Cuz I've been choosing. Oh, I've been breathing. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh, my life. Oh, I've been changed this evening cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been free. Oh, now all my life it's been free. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God. Oh, what a difference it makes. Oh, what a difference it makes since the Lord had his way all my life. Praise God has been changed. Oh, give me a hand clap for praises. Oh, and I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. Oh Satan had me bound but Jesus set me free. Oh Satan had me bound but Jesus set me free. Oh Satan had me bound but Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. Now I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory when I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory, singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. singing glory hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad my Jesus. Oh, singing glory. Hallelujah. All that's all stand is singing again. Oh, and I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory. I'll sing it once more as the brothers come. Oh, and I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes. I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. Oh, aren't you thankful for that this evening? For the chapst we pray over the offering. [Music] And if you're in the battle for the Lord and the right. Oh, keep on the firing line. And if you win, my brother, surely you must fight. Oh, so keep on the fire in line for there are many dangers that we all must face. And if we die abiding, it is no disgrace. For coward in the service, he will find no place. So keep on the fire line. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Oh, never run. Don't leave behind. And if you would win for God and the right, just keep on the firing line. My God will only use a soldier he can trust. Oh, so keep on the firing line. Oh, and if you wear a crown, then bear the cross, you must also keep on the fiery line. Oh, and but to labor for the master, dear. Oh, to help to banish evil and to break good. Oh, great. You'll be rewarded for your service here. So keep on the fiery rain. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Oh, never run. No lag behind. And if you would win for God and the wrath, just keep on the fiery line. Oh, and when we get to heaven, brother, we'll be glad. Oh, so keep on the firing line. Oh, and how we'll praise the Savior for the call we have. So keep on the firing line. And when we see the souls that we have built to win it, oh leading them to Jesus from the path of sin. Oh, with a shout of well, we will all march in. So keep on. Brother John, if you'll bring your special now. So you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Oh, never run. No evil lag behind. Oh, if you would win for God in the right, just keep on the fire red line. Oh, give a hand clap of praise this evening. Sister Amy, sister, [Music] temped and tried. We're off made to wonder why it should be thus all the day long. How there are others living about us never last [Music] though in the farther along will all about farther along will understand why. Cheer up my brother. [Music] will understand it all by it. When death has come and taken, [Music] it leaves our home so lonely and free. Then do we others prosper living so [Music] year after year? Farther alone will know all about. Farther along will understand [Music] tear up my brother. Living in the sun will understand it all by [Music] our [Music] days [Music] and I love the way [Music] to the beautiful are there alone will know all the along will understand Cheer up my brother. [Music] will understand [Music] it all by Jesus [Music] coming to glory. and he comes from his home in the sky. And we shall meet him in that. [Music] They understand it all by farther along willing. [Music] Further along will understand why tear up my brother [Music] will understand it all [Music] [Music] by [Music] in the morning. [Applause] Tell the story how we don't understand [Music] [Applause] [Music] Remember [Music] I found [Applause] [Music] all saints of darkness [Music] tell the story how we go. I would love to stand better. [Music] What a pleasure. [Applause] [Music] Trust me in the Lord and according to his word I know. [Music] [Applause] [Music] We all know the things we will [Applause] [Music] [Applause] find by [Music] dark on every hand every single [Music] and he got his eyes and Follow [Music] right now. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] with all the savior. One will tell Oh, all the blood sh [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, understand [Music] [Applause] Sister Destiny for bring your song. [Music] [Music] Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. [Applause] Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my song, my death, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. everything that the devil stole from me. Oh, now one day, oh, King David came home from a city called neglect. Oh, and while he was gone, the enemy came. He stole everything that he had. But David encouraged himself in the Lord and he made up in his mind. He said, "I'm on my way out to them gates and I'm taking what's right for me by taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. everything that the devil stole from me. I'm singing about my song, my death, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Oh, now we all know that Satan only comes to steal, kill, and destroy. Oh, and I will miss it. There's been times when he's taking away my joy. But I'm serving notice on the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. Said I'm on my way down to his gates. I'm taking my property back. I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Oh, we all know that Satan only comes to sin, kill, and destroy. Oh, and I will declare time. He's taking away my joy. But we're serving those on the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. Said we're on our way now to the gates and we're taking our property back. I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and all my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Oh, we all know Satan only comes to steal, kill, and destroy. For I know that there has been times when he's taken away my joy. But I'm firm and nervous on the devil today. His kingdom is under [Applause] [Music] my gate and I'm all standing back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my song, my joy, and all my feet. I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me, I'll take it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'll take it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me. Take back my soul, my days, my joy, and my peace. I've taken it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me. Oh, give a hand God of praise this evening. How many you come to steal something back that the devil has taken from you? Whether it be your joy, your peace, your victory, your song, your dance, whatever it may be, we have the authority to come and tell him that's rightfully my possession. It belongs to me and he has no right. Aren't you thankful for that this evening? We got some prayer requests that we can bring before you and bring before the Lord with confidence knowing that he's able to do that which he has promised. Amen. We have a prayer for brother David Paul. He's sick tonight. Please pray for Cody and Jasmine as they're traveling this e from home from Wisconsin. Brother David and sister Beth Gates or sick home and please pray for a broken leg. I can't name for please pray for any van. So just remember those prayers this evening. Brother Brian, will you bring these needs before the Lord this evening? How many are you thankful we serve a God that he can he hear every single cry we have big or small? Just bring it to him this evening if we'd bow our hearts. Amen. Father God, we come before you, Lord Jesus. Father God, you brought your word, Father, onto us to heal us, Father God. Lord, every need that we could bring before you, Father, you've already heard it. You've already seen the the consummation of it, Lord. Father, we bring these things knowing, Father God, that you hear our plea. You hear our cry, oh Lord, and you've already gone to work on each and every one of these requests. Father, we praise you, Father, for the word that you've sent unto us. We praise you for the hearing. We praise you for the seeing. We praise you for the doing, Father God. That you would just stir us, Father God, in our spirit, Father, to dig further into your word, to dig further into your presence, Lord God, that we could be found in the courts of your house, Lord, and find favor with you, Lord. Go to each one. Send your Holy Ghost out after him, Lord, Father, and make them well in Jesus Christ's name. For your name is the name above every name, Lord. You are alpha, the Omega, the beginning, and the end, oh Lord. Father, and you've given this unto us, Father. How blessed and precious you are, Lord Jesus, to give this unto your children, Lord. Father, we've asked these things and we know it shall be done. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we praise you, Father God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, brother Brand. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. You know, when she sent me that song, I started looking up. I just found a quote. Brother Brandham says, "And he swore by himself." He said, "Now by faith, brethren, move right into this blood cell with the Lord Jesus where all those redemptive blessings are yours. You're everyone are Christians here tonight." I'm presuming we got any Christians here this evening. He said, "Then if you're Christians, you have a right, a legal right for everything that Christ died for. It's your possession. You own it and it's yours." So I challenge you, don't leave tonight with the devil have and let the devil have something that rightfully belongs to you. Amen. Oh, victory is mine. The victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind cuz victory today. I'll sing it again now. Oh, and victory is mine. Yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today it is mine. Oh, and when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that my Lord would bring me out. Oh. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shout the victory. Oh, and victory is mine. Yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today is mine. Oh, and joy is mine. Yes, joy is mine. Oh, joy today is mine. [Applause] Told Satan, get thee behind cuz joy today it is mine. Oh, and love is mine. Yes, love is mine. Oh, love today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan, get thee behind cuz love today it is mine. Oh, and healing is mine. Yes, healing is mine. Oh healing today, it is mine. Because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh healing today, it is mine. Oh, and the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today. It's mine. Oh, for I told Satan to get thee behind. the Holy Ghost today. Oh, victory is mine. [Music] [Applause] [Music] And victory today is mine. I say victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Will I told Satan, get thee behind? Victory today is mine. [Music] How many's living a life of victory? Amen. By the power of God. Amen. I said, how many's living a life of victory? Amen. Isn't it wonderful to be able to have victory over sin and victory over this flesh and all the challenges that we face? But even though sometimes we go through things that seems like we can't overcome it or can't defeat it, but still yet we know according to the word of God that we're fighting from victory. That's brother Joe, brother Joe's best sermon was fighting from victory. Amen. We're not just fighting for victory, but we're fighting from victory. Amen. So, it's already been a promised word to the believers tonight that God has given us the victory over the devil. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. You love everybody. Amen. Turn around and tell somebody you love them tonight. Amen. Sure. Good to be in the house of the Lord and uh maybe let's just bow our heads before we read the word and just ask the Lord to come. If you have something on your heart, you just need the Lord to come and move. We just want to invite him tonight. And just also remember uh Winnie, brother Charles had sent a message. She was sick. They took took her to the hospital, had some high fever. They're on their way back home now. Just remember her in prayer. Let's just pray together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you tonight. And Lord, we thank you, Lord, for another opportunity to come and just to gather around the word of God. Lord, what a wonderful atmosphere, Lord, as the saints of God would gather in this place. And Lord, just to begin to sing songs and every every special that was sung, Lord, the anointing of God moving through this place. And Lord, we are so thankful for that, Lord. And God, just to let us know that you're near, Lord. I know we shouldn't go by feelings, but Lord, we just sure love to feel your presence, Lord. We thank you for all that you do for us. And Lord, we just ask you that you would move in our midst tonight. Lord, I pray you would take this scripture that you put on my heart and Lord, I ask you that you would bring something out of it, Lord, that would be a help to the church. And Lord, I just surrender myself to you tonight, Lord, as a minister of the word. And Lord, I just pray that the audience would do the same thing, Lord, that we could just surrender our hearts to you. And Lord, let you have your way in this service. And Lord, when we leave here, we'll give you the glory for all that you've done. We thank you for all things in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Just sure love the Lord tonight. Amen. We just uh good to be back in in ministering uh tonight. I know we've had uh you know quite a bit of extra help in June. I got picked on a little bit. One of the brothers sent me a message said I was a visiting minister. Now I said, "Well, when it when you only preach four times in one month and that makes you a visitor." Well, I've done something right or I don't I've not made people uh mad at me, I guess. And so, it's good that people want you to to preach. And so, um it makes you feel good that people want to hear you, you know, instead of begging for you not to. I'd rather have you want to hear me than not want to hear. But, uh I trust that we really don't come to hear a man at all, but we just come to hear the word of the Lord. And I believe that we all have that same mindset. And I sure appreciate our our brothers uh that are ministering. We have a lot of ministers uh in our church and it's been a a blessing for the church. So we uh we sure appreciate that. But uh we just want to invite you to the scripture tonight. And we're going to read out of the uh book of Luke and we'll read out of the fifth chapter in the 17th verse. And just give you a moment to turn there. Luke 5 and 17. Amen. How many say it's good to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Amen. Luke 5:17. We'll give you just a moment to get there. Amen. The Bible says, "And it came to pass on a certain day as he was teaching that there were Pharisees and doctors of the law sitting by which were come out of every town of Galilee and Judea and Jerusalem. And the power of the Lord was present to heal them." And I'd like to take that scripture tonight and just for a few minutes uh speak on this subject on the presence of a supernatural power. And I'll just allow you to take your seats tonight. And you know, I was uh reading through this uh story this week and and Lord just put this on my heart and I don't guess I've ever took this as a as a a title before, but um you know, I I got to thinking about Jesus sitting in this uh in this place and uh surrounded by so many great men and and uh and no doubt that they had no idea who he was or what he really had represented. and and uh you know I thought about the Old Testament and the scripture and how that the Bible would tell us that before uh that Christ ever came that that the whole Bible is filled with prophecies concerning the coming of our Lord Jesus. And uh when you read about it uh in the the prophets of old, they were inspired by God. They wrote about his coming. You can read it uh all through the Old Testament. You can read in Isaiah he said a virgin shall conceive. Uh in the book of Genesis it said a woman's seed would bruise a serpent's head. In the when God called Abraham, he told Abraham that his seed would number the stars of the heaven and the sands of the sea. And the book of Exodus, it would type him as a spotless lamb. In the book of Psalms, the 8th chapter, it would say that he would be humiliated, but he would also be exalted. In Psalms 22, it says he would be forsaken uh because of the sins of others. And the Bible would also say that he would be born in Bethlehem. As you read through the Bible, you'll find that there's many uh scholars have shown us prophecies that that uh that was fulfilled in Jesus's earthly ministry. In fact, there was there was over 300 prophecies in the Old Testament uh that Jesus fulfilled while he was walking upon the earth. And uh and Isaiah would write it like this in the ninth chapter. He said, "Unto us a child is born, and unto us a son is given, and the government shall be upon his shoulder, and his name shall be called wonderful and counselor, the mighty God, the everlasting father, the prince of peace, and of his kingdom, there will be no end." So I thought of how that even though there were so many prophecies concerning his coming that uh there was so many that was written about it, the very things that they read, they they talked about the coming of the Lord Jesus. But uh no matter how many there were that most of the men that lived in that day, the scholars and the Sadducees and Pharisees, but uh but they could still not receive him for who he was. And but Ram says, "We know that that that he was supposed to be a child that was born in that day. For the Bible said a virgin should conceive and bring a child, but it didn't come through any of their systems. So they didn't want anything to do with it. Therefore, they rejected it." Here it was. It was the anointed word of God. It was Emmanuel. It was made flesh among them. And here he stood there. Even uh Jesus when he would take the word he would say you search the scriptures for in them you think that you have eternal life but it is they that are testifying of me. So Jesus would take the very same scriptures that they read and they would talk about what while they were there and how that it was uh it was showing the signs of the time that they were living in and all the things that the scriptures declared. But Jesus would take the same scripture and say but this scripture that you're reading it speaks of me. I wonder how many times that he sat in a temple and heard somebody take a scripture and begin to speak on it and knowing by revelation that that scripture is pertaining to me. And so he he said it testifies of me. Brother said he was thoroughly identified that he was the Messiah, the Messiah to take place in that day and the systems had it so messed up in people's mind uh with systematic rules and so forth till they had made the word of God of no effect. They couldn't see that he was the Messiah. I thought, isn't that something to hear the power of God was sitting right in the midst of them, but still yet they couldn't see that he was the Messiah? The the very things that was prophesied, the the the prophets that they worshiped and the idols that they built of those great prophets of old that uh and the very words of those prophets were being fulfilled, but they couldn't see that he was the Messiah. Here he was sitting in their midst. But brother M said, "But as it was then, so it has done it again." He said, "See, it was bad then, but what about today?" He said here the systems of the world have kept the church from the power of God. And he said and the church cannot run without the power of God through the word of God. So in order for the church to operate and in order for it to function the way that God intended it, the church must have the power of God which comes by the word of God. He says, see, so the Holy Ghost is only when you see the Holy Ghost moving and the power of God moving in the Holy Ghost, it's only confirming the word of God that's been spoke. He says, "See, so the Holy Ghost on display is only confirming God's word." So the anointing is sent to confirm the word. That's what God's looking for. The word to come and then the anointing of God or the power of God that follows after the word, it comes to confirm the word that is being spoken. He said, see, and Jesus was the anointed one. He was the word made flesh. And that's the reason that he walked out there in the days of John the Baptist. Remember the Bible says whenever uh that Jesus walked out into the water of John the Baptist and he received a baptism. He said he went out because the word of the Lord goes to the prophet and it was here was Jesus as the word of God and he came to the prophet. He was baptized by the prophet and then the prophet raised up. He said I must decrease that he could increase. He said and we find that was just God's way of doing it. But did they receive it? No, they they didn't receive it. They should have known it. They should have watched the acts of God. They they should have seen the word fulfilled. They knew the scripture said it, but they couldn't believe it would come that way. You say, "Well, why couldn't they see it that way?" Because these were great sects of people and the Pharisees and the and the Sadducees and, you know, uh if if the Messiah would come and he would be a great religious leader, then certainly he would come through one of our great religious groups after all. But the reality is is that had he come through the Pharisees, how many believe that the Sadducees would have received him? If he came through the Sadducees, how many believes the Pharisees would have received him. See, so it didn't matter which he would have came in, neither the other would receive him. So that ain't the way that God sent him. But I'll just tell you, just like an old country gospel preacher can tell you, but when God brought him, he brought him out of according to prophecy of a little town called Bethlehem. He was born as a baby from a virgin birth. He was born in a manger. But in that child, he grew up in the presence of God. In him was the fullness of the creator God. He w he was the Paul would say he was the image of the invisible God. He was the fullness of the power of God. That's why he walked on water. That's why because it was the anointed uh the anointing confirming the word of God. And he was the word. So if he was the word, then the anointing had to confirm the word. That's why he could walk on water. That's why he turned water into wine. That's why he healed the sick. That's why he cleansed the leper. That's why he made the lame to walk. and the blind to see because the anointing confirmed the word which he was. So the power of God followed his life because he was the word of God and the Holy Ghost confirms the word. So So we see this great supernatural power that was in the life of Jesus Christ. And I I'll just say it like this that in his life he never encountered a demon that he didn't have power over. How many believes that? I don't believe that Jesus ever encount encountered one devil that he didn't have power over. There there wasn't a single demon spirit that he didn't have victory over. But whenever he met one, he had power. He had power to control it. He had power to cast it out. He had power to give it its leave. This is Jesus that had the power of God upon his life. He was the fullness of the power of God. And I'll just say this that when he went to Calvary, that wasn't the end of it. But he went ahead and conquered death and conquered hell and conquered the grave. and he resurrected on the third day proving that the greatest fear that men have had no power over Jesus Christ. That death didn't even have power. It has no power over God. But let me tell you what he done is after he displayed himself in this greatness of power. Then he poured his spirit back upon the believers. The same power that Jesus had, it came back to the church again. That's what got me to this message tonight. And I thought about here the power that was setting in their midst. But Jesus just wouldn't he wouldn't keep it. He didn't take it away. He didn't ascend into glory and and take the power with him. But it was a part of the three-fold purpose of God is to bring that same power and give it to the church of the living God. You know, the other day I was or here while back I was looking at at buying a life insurance and what it was designed to do. And I I know many of you maybe have done that same thing. But but whenever I was talking to the lady about the life insurance and you know there's some questions uh that I had concerning it. And I asked her I said well how much coverage of life insurance should I buy? You know of course they have they have really good advice and and she said well you want to buy enough coverage that so that your family can maintain the same lifestyle that they had before you died. says, "So whatever you have built for them and the lifestyle that you have created, then you want to have enough coverage in your life insurance that whenever you're gone that they can maintain that same lifestyle." I thought I thought, "Well, that that's pretty good right there." And you she said I said, "Well, you know, I mean, well, I'm trying to get a number out of you. You know what what we could do." And they look at you funny when you want to get a 100,000 on you and 5 million on your wife. you know, you I didn't really do that, but but but they they they she said, "You want to have something that you can maintain that lifestyle and or or that they could carry on the same lifestyle." And I said, "Well, that's good. Well, how much does that cost?" She said, "Well, it really doesn't matter how much it costs. It matters how much you care about your family." Well, that kind of struck a chord with me to think about how how much you care about your family. I thought, "M, that would preach right there." to think about here that the church is a recipient of a life insurance policy that was held by Jesus Christ. Brother Mark, I'm telling you tonight that he took out a policy before his death to make sure that his family could maintain the same lifestyle that they had while he was alive. Let me tell you why. Because he was a God that cares. If you care about your family, then you'll take care of them after you're gone. You know, I believe that we have a God that cares. I tell you what the Bible said. He said, "Fear not, for I have redeemed you. I have called you by name and thou art mine. When you pass through waters, I'll be with you. And when you go through rivers, they shall not overflow thee. When you walk through fire, you shall not be burned, and neither shall flame kindle upon thee. Even Peter would say it like this. He says, "Cast all your cares upon him, for he carth for you." I thought, "My, if we have a God that cares about us, I'm talking about a God that cares about you. If he cares about his family, then don't you think when he took a policy out on you that he would make sure that there was enough in the policy that the believers could maintain the same lifestyle that they were accustomed to? I thought my well then what kind of lifestyle were they accustomed to when Jesus was walking on the earth? Let me tell you what they were accustomed to. They were accustomed to the sick when they came before him. They left out healed. They were accustomed to those that were tormented by demons to be delivered from demonic powers. They weren't accustomed to living in depression. They weren't accustomed to living under anxiety. They weren't accustomed to be living defeated lives. But they sold all that they had. And they followed Jesus. And they had a lifestyle of the supernatural that followed about their lives. And I'm here to tell you tonight that when our Jesus took out a policy upon his life, he made sure that when he left this earth her that they had the same benefits that they had. They could they could carry on that same lifestyle even when he was gone. I believe this tonight that we could carry out that same power of God was poured back on the church. But you know something about a life insurance policy when you buy it. There's one thing they will not let you purchase it if you don't have. Every life insurance it must have a beneficiary. You can't take the policy out if you don't have a beneficiary to put on it. I tell you what brother said. He said, "And when any man or woman comes to Christ in the fullness of the assurance of his death, burial, and resurrection, then he is the beneficiary to every redemptive blessing that Jesus died for." And he gives the checkbook with Jesus's name wrote on the bottom of every one of them, "Ask the father anything in my name. And if you invite in me and my words in you, you ask what you will and it'll be done for you." Now, isn't that powerful tonight to think that here we are the beneficiaries of a policy that was held by Jesus Christ. And in that policy, he put every redemptive blessing. He made sure that he had enough in there that he was gone. There would be enough to go around. He made sure that we didn't have to wander around in the darkness of Leoa and not have a god to turn to. But he made sure the very same power that was upon the earth, the life that the church was accustomed to could still be lived out today. I believe that. Amen. He made a policy that would and and gave a checkbook that we had a ride. I don't know about y'all, but you may not have ever experienced it. But let me tell you why I preach it. Because I've lived out that experience. I wrote that check out and put it on my bed one night when me and my wife was going through so much financial trouble that we didn't have no way out. A and it looked like we would lose everything that we had. And we took a little cardboard check that somebody had gave us and we wrote it out in faith. Everything that we needed. Three things I wrote on there and I put it on. We had prayer over it and I put it on my bed and it stayed there for weeks and weeks and weeks. But let me tell you what happened. One day just a few months later, brother Mah, I got a phone call and part of it left. I got another phone call and another part of it left. And because both of those left, the other people just left the rest of it alone. And everything I wrote on there, God gave to me. It was something I couldn't afford. It was something I couldn't pay for at the best efforts that I had and the greatest merit that I could have. I could not achieve it, but God achieved it. He had a check that was signed by Jesus Christ. I took that literally one day. You know, you know, we we take it's not just a metaphor, but I took it literally and I wrote it out and I prayed over it. I believe that that's the kind of God that we serve. But Mark, he said he has a checkbook. Not just a check, but he gave you a checkbook. You know the difference between a check and a checkbook? See, a check you can only write one time, but a checkbook, it has a lot of checks in it. That means when you need something today, you can write out a check. If you need something tomorrow, you can write out another check. If you need something the next day, you can write out another check. And I've got news for you. You're writing checks on a bank account that can't be overdrafted. It can't be overdrawn. I'm talking about the one that was given to you by a father that owns a cattle on a thousand hills. He said, "Don't just come to me with little things, but anything you have need of, cast your cares upon me." He's a God that is able to give. Hallelujah. He said, "We're the beneficiaries of every redemptive blessing that Jesus died for." But you know, there's something about these policies that are written. I found this powerful that in a policy, there's a there's a there's a term in the contract, it's called the doctrine of contrauma or prophenum, which actually it means that in a contract, a life insurance contract or or any contract, that the language must be able to be understood by the beneficiary. Oh, hallelujah. There was a man that was that was uh that had uh done some skydiving. I looked this up because I make sure skydiving didn't cancel my life insurance. And there was a man that that had went skydiving and and he had died in the act of skydiving and they denied his claim on life insurance. And his his family went back and and they actually used this very law to be able to get the benefits that he of his life insurance because the contract was written in a way that he didn't know that he couldn't go skydiving. it it it talked about something descent from a plane and and all this all this wording, but it was in a way that the a common man wouldn't even understand it as to that what it was. And so the judge found in favor of the of the of the family because the contract was written in a way that they could not understand. So that's actually a law in the United States that any contract if it goes to court that the judgment would be in favor of the one that did not write it. So if you don't understand it or it was something that I believe that God's that kind of a God anyway. I believe he's a just God and and I don't believe that God is going to hold things to our charge that you didn't know or that you didn't have knowledge of or that you did or that you didn't understand. I believe that God is a just God and I believe I believe that he brings the word of God and gives us an opportunity. It's God's purpose that every man would be saved. But see, the benefits had to be easily understood. You know, I got to thinking about what God has given us. And you know, the Bible makes it very plain. David said, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all of his benefits." He forgives all of thine iniquities, and he heals all of thy diseases. Isn't it something that here he ties healing and forgiveness together? And so, so you see it now, now he's not just talking about uh talking about spiritual healing, but he's actually talking about healing in our natural body. He said, I know many take this scripture and say, "Well, it's talking about spiritual healing. He heals our diseases and he forgives our sins because people don't believe in healing anymore." But it's actually talking about our natural body. How many knows that? See, see, sickness came after the fall. Can I just show you something? Sickness came after the fall in the Garden of Eden. Remember, remember when sin came in, it was unbelief. They didn't believe that or or Eve didn't believe that God was going to keep his word. The devil convinced her that God wouldn't keep his word. And because unbelief entered into the garden, it caused man to fall. And with that spirit of unbelief came the spirit of sicknesses and diseases and all those things came into human flesh that would bring a human being to the very death that would be the curse of the fall in the garden garden in the first place. So now, ever since the fall, our bodies that were meant to be created by the spoken word and our bodies, those great theophanies that we bypass to be able to come to this earth that now our bodies are made of this flesh a and that they're come from the dust of the ground of a fallen earth. That's where we come from. And now because we come out of this condition, brother Mark, that now that we are we are battling spirits and those spirits bring sicknesses upon our body. How many believe that, brother Bam? But Abam talked that many times and I I I've preached it before, but but he would talk about a deaf person that would come in. He called it a deaf spirit. When they come that that couldn't speak, it was a dumb spirit or a or a blind spirit. It was something he would talk about the spirit that would come in and wrap around a person's nerve. And to keep them from being being able to be healed, I I listened to one where he was talking to a woman that had been healed from being deaf and she came through the prayer line again. She had already received healing uh for her years. And whenever she left out of the prayer line, he said that woman had been under surgery and every came that everything that came. He said, "But if she'll only just have faith, it'll leave her." See, she had already been healed, but she came through the line to be healed of cancer. He said, "She's already been healed. Everything came." He said, "If she'll have faith, it'll leave her and be gone." He said, "Now it's gone now. Just keep her away from the unbelievers and things. And the doctors has told her there's no hope at all that they just give her up." He said, "But she used to be deaf, but now she hears." And just as sure as that deaf spirit went out of her, then the cancer life went from her and now she's going to live. So here he shows us that this was what what was inside of her was a life form. It was a spirit. This is a a demonic spirit. This is something that lives. They move around. They're they're in and out of the building. They're they're everywhere you go. I know. I know. We get so worried about the natural things and things we eat and things we put in our body and the things we go. But friends, I got news for you. If that's all you're worried about, you're in for a great you're in for a great problem because the greater problem is the spirits that we face. That that's the the demonic spirit that would come and bring that sickness or or something to a human body. I I I'll just say it like it is because many things that we call health problems are actually spiritual problems. Many things we call health problems are not health problems at all. They're spiritual problems. Many things that we call emotional problems are really spiritual problems. You ever take somebody that's depressed all the time and you know, well, I've got an emotional disorder and I you know this depression, you know what the doctor does? The doctor gives them a bottle of anti-depressants. And so they'll say you take that and and what it'll do is it it'll affect the neurotransmitters in your brain and and and the chemicals in your brain and we'll we'll try to bring a balance to your life. And I I was reading today of how the the withdrawals that people get trying to get off anti-depressants wind up committing suicide and and even taking the lives of other family members and all kinds of things of people that were hooked on anti-depressants. I thought my if they they could only realize that depression this is not just some chemical imbalance but it is a spirit that is tormenting a life. It's a spirit that caused an a chemical. That's why it took a prophet of God to look into a life and they say well this was the condition or this is the symptom or this is the problem. He said but there's a spirit that caused it. There's something that comes into our life that causes uh things to take place. And you know we could realize it tonight that that depression is a demon. How many knows that anger is a demon? That's what was matter with that man that Jesus went to that gather. He was so filled with demonic spirits that he would that that people are afraid of him. They had him out living in caves. He couldn't even live in society. You could say, "Well, you can give him all the medicine you want to. It would never change him. You can give him all the the psychotic medicine and the and all the pills. It would never change him. All it took was one minute in the presence of Jesus Christ. And the spirits that was upon him had to flee. They went into a bunch of swine. And that man became the greatest missionary that the capitalist had ever seen. The Bible said many believed on God because of his testimony. Because it was a demonic spirit. And Jesus freed him of the spirits. I got news for you today that he's still doing the same thing. Amen. By the word of God. Amen. You may not realize it tonight, but even that just listening to the word that things are being removed from our lives. when you come in the house of God and listen to the preaching of the word of God that there are there are things that are leaving our lives and spirits and tormentors and things if you could see in a spiritual realm if you had a a spiritual eye tonight to see the uh the the the spirits that leave people well just to just to sit in a song service and hear somebody start singing and maybe you come in you say well why is it I came in church all depressed and I barely got here I didn't even want to come and I I was fighting with my wife to get in the door but when the songs start the piano starts playing and the songs start being sung. All of a sudden, I'm happy again. Well, maybe that song just makes me happy, but that ain't it at all. But it's an atmosphere of the Holy Ghost that's being created. And the spirit that caused you to feel that way that caused you to be depressed and robbed you of your joy and kept you from wanting to come to church. And that spirit, it ain't welcome in that atmosphere. So, it makes its lead. All of a sudden, the joy is restored and you start shouting and clapping and saying amen and dancing in the house of God when you didn't feel like it before because the presence of God still has power over demonic spirit. I'm just telling you from a spiritual realm. Amen. It still has power over demonic spirits. Just listening to the word of God, things leave your life. Sitting in the presence of God, things they leave our life. And you know the reality is is because there is something wrong with our old carnal nature. Can I just preach it, brother Bam? When he compared our nature to Christ, here's what he said. He said he had a sinless nature. It expressed what he was. And his sinless nature, God expressed himself through that sinless nature, it shows that our nature is evil. And no matter how much we try to patch it up, how much we try to indocument it with other things, it's got to become sinless like his was. And then God's word can flow through it. See, we have a nature not like Christ. He said, see, his sinless nature expressed the word of God so much that he and the word were one. He said, "I and my father are one. I do always that which pleases him." He was so perfect in the image of God until he and God was the express same thing. He was the flesh, the son, the express the deity of God. So that made him deity in a man in order to redeem a man. He and the word were one. Isn't that what the Bible said? In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was made flesh. But remember said he was the word. They became one. The word could express and could show to the world the example of what a man should be. He said, "And man can't be that in himself." Can I read that again? Man can't be that in himself. There's no way you can educate to it. You can't join it. You can't baptize it. There's no way of doing nothing to it only to kill that old nature and let it be born again and a new nature come in. That's the only way is to kill the nature of yourself that you might become something else that you might become spiritual to take off take off this carnal nature and let a spiritual nature come in. He said and then the word becomes a living thing. It expresses itself through you and then you're looking in the looking glass. People see you as a mirror. He said you know God has made a way. People don't read the Bible anymore. So God has made you a Bible. He said then people are looking at you. You're expressing the very image of God. the word becomes a living thing again. Hallelujah. See, but even with a nature change, but Mark, sometimes because we are spiritual beings that even with a nature change, we're subjected to spirits every day. Everywhere we go, we're subjected to spirits. They they're they're looking for ways to to torment. And many times there's things in our lives that allow demonic spirits to abide in your life. Amen. You ever thought of that? Many many times it's things that we do or things that we don't do that allows demonic spirits to abide in you. This is what David said. He said he forgives our sins and heals our diseases. Think of it. In other words, that God has power over every spirit. I got to looking at this this this tie that all the way through the scriptures that you find that forgiveness and healing are always tied together. You ever noticed that here? Whenever Luke is telling the story, he said when Jesus came in, he was sitting by the doctors of the law, every town of Galilee, Judea, Jerusalem, and the power of the Lord was present to heal them. And here they were sitting in this great meeting and there were, you know, the Bible would tell the story how that there was so many people there that there was no way to get in. There was they were packed in there. Here he was sitting in the middle of this uh uh this place and uh little building that they had and and there was no way to get in, but they brought there was a some friends that brought a man to receive his healing. And when they came in, they found there was no way in the door. There was no way to get through the crowd there. There was no way to press their way into where he was. And so they climbed up on the roof of the building. They wasn't willing to give up. So they climbed up on the roof of the building. They went all the way to where he was sitting. Remember, it was the power of the Lord present to heal them. Amen. And somebody recognized that on the outside. And I thought all these men that were sitting around that would mock and make fun and ridicule and and persecute for for what he was saying or what he was teaching. But there was one that was on the outside that was looking for a way to get in his presence. Brother Mark. And they went all the way across the top of the building and took the thatch off of the roof and they tied ropes to his bed and they lowered their friend down to where Jesus was. And the Bible says when Jesus saw their faith, he looked at the man. Here they were looking for his healing. He was sick with Pauly. He needed a touch from the Lord. The power of God was present to heal. They recognized it as a supernatural power. They lowered him down right in his presence. And when Jesus saw him, he saw their faith. He said, "Man, I forgive you of your sins." Hallelujah. The Pharisees begin to make fun. Forgive you of your sins. What kind of man has the right to say, "I forgive you of your sins?" What kind of man would have the right to forgive somebody of their trespasses? Only a God could could forgive somebody of their sins. But the Bible said here, when they begin to think those things, Jesus perceived their thoughts. And he says, "Why do you think this in your heart? Is it easier for me to say, thy sins be forgiven you, or take up your bed and walk?" Hallelujah. He he challenged them with a question, which one would be easier for me to say? Amen. Of course, it would be much easier to say your sins are forgiven because nobody's there to prove whether the sins were really forgiven or not. Amen. He said, "So, which is easier to say, thy sins be forgiven, or take up your bed and walk?" And then he turned to the man and he said, "But that you may know that the son of man has power on earth to forgive sins." Hallelujah. He said to the sick of Pauly, I say unto thee, arise and take up thy couch and go into thy house. And the Bible said, immediately the man rose before them, and he took that which where he lay and he departed into his own house glorifying God. I thought my he heard about the presence of a supernatural power. They fought their way. He couldn't even walk himself. I thought, hear that man, maybe he had to call his friends. I don't have no way to get there. I don't have no way to find it. But I've heard that somewhere that there's a God that is present, that is able to heal. If you can help me, if you can do me a favor, if you had to carry me, whatever you have to do, get me in the presence of one that could bring my healing. Brother Mark, what he found out is the same Jesus that could heal was the same Jesus that could forgive. When they came to receive his healing, the power of the Lord, the Bible said, was present to heal. And he displayed it in the form of forgiveness. Isn't that powerful? The power that was present to heal was displayed in the form of forgiveness. In other words, that means the same power that forgives sin is the same power that gives healing. That means if God can forgive, then God can heal. And if God can heal, then God can forgive. You'll never convince me of anything else. God's still a healer. If he can forgive us sins, he can still heal. Abraham said, but the Jews rejected it, but the Gentiles received it. He said, see, it was a type of the bride. He said he would call a people out of the Gentiles for his name. Amen. And the bride of Jesus Christ will be Mrs. Jesus Christ and she'll be baptized in his spirit, in his name, and filled with his power. Hallelujah. Robed in his righteousness, filled with his power. She'll be the very same thing that he was. You know what that means? That means that that that in you is the power to heal and the power to be healed. Yes, sir. In you is the power to forgive and the power to be forgiven. Amen. Said because you'll be have the same power that Jesus had. But watch how these spirits are linked together in our natural bodies. You know, I thought thought about this. Even science found evidence of it that you know, you could take a person that was that w that was mad or or angry at somebody had had a something circumstances or something that had happened in their life. Maybe it's something that happened as a child or you know something that you know when you was a little girl, a little boy, but some but but things happen in our life and and maybe somebody that did you wrong and and we hold that in our spirit for many years. Yeah. People there they may not know it but they hold an anger. There's a resentment towards it or towards a certain person or you can't even say somebody's name without that rising up. You know it's a resentment towards them and it's being held in our spirit. And I was reading a study on anger and emotional problems and the effects that it had on on mental health. And uh and there was actually a study in John Hopkins University. It it said that chronic anger it it it causes people to be put in a fight orflight mode which results in numerous changes in their heart rate, their blood pressure, and their immune response system. So when a person they're finding somebody that had anger and had had some kind of issues, I I I know this seems like it ain't nothing, but I'm preaching to you. I'm talking about something that's been there for a long time or some resentment or or something that was in your spirit that that you hold there and it changes our heart rate, blood pressure, immune response. And it showed that those changes then increase the risk of depression, the risk of heart disease, the risk of diabetes and among other conditions just because you hold that in your spirit. So something that took place in your life 40 years ago, 30 years ago, and and it's a chronic anger, a resentment, something something that has been built up and maybe somebody done you really wrong. I'm just going to preach anyway, but maybe somebody done you really wrong and maybe they ought condemned for it and maybe they should have been punished for it and maybe they should have a lot of things should have happened that didn't happen the way that you thought it should happen. But because you hold that in your spirit Yes, sir. So now you're more susceptible to heart disease and and diabetes and and and depression and all these disease just for being mad or holding a grudge in the and and and and being tore up in your spirit that eventually it takes a toll on your natural body. Isn't that something to break down your natural body? But listen to the other part. It said, "But forgiveness calms our stress levels and it leads to an improved health." Hallelujah. What a study to do that when a person could forgive somebody from their heart. It would calm that. It would take it from their heart. It relieves it from their spirit. The good part it says, see the studies have found that the active forgiveness forgiveness can actually reap huge rewards for your health. Lowering the risk of heart attack, improving cholesterol levels and sleep, reducing pain, blood pressure, levels of anxiety, depression and stress. Yeah. I thought here even by scientific study that forgiveness releases pressures off your life, releases the risk of sickness, the risk of heart disease. I thought, isn't it something that just to forgive somebody Hallelujah can bring healing to your body. It makes you less susceptible to diseases. I I don't know about y'all, but I thought how how powerful it it is to know that when you forgive somebody that it's it it actually sets you free. When you forgive somebody, it's it brings liberty to you. And that ain't that ain't that that ain't all it does. But I believe that if we have that same power, God that God in our lives, then we have the ability to heal and to forgive. The Bible said, "Let this mind be in you that was in Christ Jesus." Amen. Listen what Paul said. He said, "As the elect of God," he said, "put on bows of mercy, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering." Amen. As the elect of God, forbear one another and forgive one another. If any man quarrel against you, even as Christ forgave you, so also do you. Above all things, put on charity. In other words, love. Love your love your neighbors. Love your brothers. Jesus take it a step further. He said, "And love your enemies and do good and lendo ho lend hoping for nothing again. And your reward shall be great and you shall be the children of the highest. For he is kind." I love this scripture. I needed this. Yeah. For he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil. Amen. Isn't that something? This world is filled with unthankful people. The people that you do the most for are the most unthankful people. You can give to them. You can lend to them. You can help them. And they're the most unthankful people that you ever They don't even say thank you if you give them something. People have became very unthankful in this age. But Jesus says, "But he is kind to the unthankful and to the evil. They may not they may not receive you well. They may they may have evil in their heart. He said but he is kind unto them. What he's showing the nature of Jesus Christ. He said therefore be merciful as your father. Y this ain't going where y'all thought it was. Be merciful as your father also is merciful. Judge not that you be not judged. Condemn not and you shall not be condemned. Forgive and you shall be forgiven. See the God that heals is the God that forgives. David said, "He redeems my life from destruction. He crowns you with loving kindness and tender mercy. The God that satisfi satisfies thy mouth with good things. He renews your youth. He's the Lord that is merciful and gracious. He's slow to anger and he's plenteous in mercy. He will not always chide, neither will he keep his anger forever. And he has not dealt with us after our sins, nor has he rewarded us according to our iniquities." How many would say that God gave you what you deserved? Nobody would say that. God never has has dealt with us as we really deserve. He said he didn't reward us according to our iniquities. But as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. And as far as the east is from the west, that's how far he has removed your transgression from you. So if he's a god that can remove your transgression so far out of the mind of God, he said that's the nature that we ought to have to be able to forgive one another. Isaiah put it all in one place. He said, "But he was wounded for our transgression. He was bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed. We are like sheep that have gone astray. We have turned everyone his own way. But the Lord hath laid upon him, Jesus Christ, the iniquity of us all." He forgives all of our iniquities. He heals all of our diseases. I know what it makes us think. I want to forgive, too. I'm that way. If somebody askked me for forgiveness, I'll be the first one to forgive. But you know, they never asked Jesus that when he was hanging on the cross of Calvary. He said, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." How many remembers the time whenever Steven was stoned and they drugg him down out of the city and they went out to stone him to death? I I thought here whenever they were they were dragging him out there in hatred and making fun and beating him on the on the side of the head for what he believed, but not one of them ever stopped and said, "Stephen, you know what? I'm so sorry. We shouldn't have done that. would you please forgive us? None of them asked for his forgiveness. But what was the last words that came out of his mouth? He said, "Father, they knocked this sin to their charge." It was because he had the nature of Jesus Christ. It wasn't the one that apologized. It wasn't because they that they were sorry. Has nothing to do with them being sorry for it. It has something with to do with you being able to forgive somebody. He said, "Lay not this charge to the earth, this sin to their charge." Don't you realize friends that the very life of Stephen was a catalyst for the gospel that we believe today? It was a catalyst for Apostle Paul. Matter of fact, it never it gave such conviction to Paul, it never left Apostle Paul. Many times he would talk about it. He said, "I persecuted the church even unto death." It was in Paul's spirit all the time because he was there whenever Steven was stoned. But the life of Stephen became a catalyst to Paul. It's why we It's the very reason we had this Bible. It was a life that a man gave that had the nature of Christ. You think about what that there was a reason why it never left Paul. There was a reason why that Paul was so convicted to the life of these believers and why Paul became such a such a Christian that he became because he got he saw the life of Christ in men. There was a reason why. It's because he seen that reflected in Stephen. You but said watch how Stephen done it. He said Stephen never performed a single miracle. Although he knowed that Christ was a miracle performer, he knowed all these powers and things. But what did he do? He just presented his life in such a way that they seemed that it was the power of Christ. He said, "And you may never see a vision. You may never put your hands on a sick person and feel the charge of Almighty God make a skeleton of a man turn back to life again. You may never see him standing in three or four rainbows. You may never see his image. I know. I'm just going to tell you the truth that everybody wants to be spiritual. They look for these signs and trying to be some supernatural person so they can feel like they have the life of Christ. He said, "But you may never see his image, you may never even hear his voice, but still you can be a sign board that will reflect Jesus Christ by a life that's been so pure and unadulterated from the world. not cluttered up with the dirty things around this life, but a pure thing that it'll cause the hungry heart to hunger and thirst and to be like you. Amen. That's the kind of Christian that Stephen was. Amen. He wasn't out performing miracles. Many of us could relate to Stephen. He wasn't out doing the supernatural. He didn't walk the streets. You know, I think about that people that every time they they become Christian, they want to they they try to go out and perform miracles or or copy somebody else's ministry. But that ain't what God calls us to do. You realize that Steven wasn't a miracle worker. Hello, somebody. Steven wasn't a miracle worker. Steven was a Christian. People have gotten a long way from being Christians. They want to be miracle workers. They want to be preachers. They want to be singers. They want to be deacons. They want to be musicians. They want to be a lot of things. But people have came a long way. I'm going to get fired after tonight. But people have came a long way from the desire that Stephen had and that was to be a Christian, a follower of Jesus Christ, to manifest the life of Jesus Christ. Too many want to be too many great things. But I think we need to get back to the reality of what it is to be a believer and to be a follower of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Quit trying to be a somebody and just be a Christian like Stephen was. Said he was a Christian. That's what he was. But he had so much of the power. Think about it. He was a Christian. You say, "Well, Stephen was a powerless man then." No. He had so much of the power of God in his life that he could do the same thing that Jesus done sitting in that house. Amen. He had so much of the power of God in his life that when men were taking his life and they were throwing stones at him and they were they were trying to kill him that he could look right at those men and say, "Father, forgive them." Hallelujah. and don't lay this sin to their charge. I'm talking about a real power of God. You say, "Well, why would Stephen forgive men that were taking his life?" You know, I thought it like this. I thought, you know, Stephen must have been a man just like you and I. Maybe he looked at his own mistakes and his his failures and his own life just like every one of us do, you know, and maybe he looked at his own life and thought, you know what I need in my life? I need the forgiveness of God in my life. How many raise your hand to that? I need the forgiveness of God in my life. Maybe Stephen was that kind of a person like we are that says, I need the forgiveness of God. And maybe while he was standing there, Brother Mark, he remembered the words that Jesus spoke. That if you'll forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly father will forgive you. Maybe it wasn't about them at all, brother. Maybe it was about his own life. And Jesus said, "If you forgive not me and their trespasses, then neither will your father forgive you of your trespasses." And maybe in his dying words when he was losing his life, that the only thing on his mind was to be right with God. It wasn't about getting back at those that were persecuted, but it was to be right with God. I pray that those same words would ring in our ears tonight. That if we forgive our brothers, their trespasses, our heavenly father will forgive us of ours. I think that's what Stephen was going through. Oh God, you know my nature. You know my sins. You know the failures that are in my flesh and let me forgive those that would persecute me that Lord whenever I meet you that I'll be found forgiven in your sight. And the Bible said whenever they were stoning him and the life was leaving his body he looked up into the heaven. He said I see Jesus standing at the right hand of God. Brother Bam said and it wasn't long after that he was held in the arms of Jesus Christ. The very thing that he saw in vision, he was carried up there. So, see, if God forgives you when you forgive, think about what you're inviting into your life by forgiving somebody. Amen. He became a beneficiary of a supernatural power just by forgiving. Amen. Isn't that something that even in his dying breath that God wouldn't even let him hold a grudge? Hallelujah. The Bible said, "Let this mind be in you." that was in Christ Jesus. Can I just tell you what his mind was just before we close? Brother said, "There's many of the things I wish I could forget about." He said, "I don't know that that I've confessed them as wrong to him, but he put them in the sea of forgetfulness." How many can say that? There's many things that I've confessed to the Lord. I wish I could forget. How many say that? He said, "But he put them in the sea of forgetfulness, and he'll never remember them no more." Isn't that wonderful? He said, "Now, see, we're not made that way. We'll always remember. We can forgive one another, but we just can't forget about it because we're made different, but God can forgive it and forget it. He can just wipe it out as though it never was because he has access to that sea of forgetfulness that we don't have access to." So, just think of it that God can never even remember that you ever sinned. Think of that. He said, "Cho, young folks, what about that? God don't even remember when we ever sinned." See, he can forget the whole thing and it never will be brought into his memory anymore. Wouldn't that be something to have the mind of Christ? I'm talking about the presence of a supernatural power. Power to heal and power to forgive. And friends, I'm going to tell you this tonight that that same power is present among the church. That same power is present here tonight. I I challenge you to receive that. Would you would you be like the Pharisee that stood there or though or like those that that fought their way through the roof of a building to get into the presence of a supernatural power? Would you be like those at the Sanhedrin in the days of Stephen? Or would you be like Stephen whenever he turned to him and said, "You uncircumcised in heart and ears. Why would you resist the Holy Ghost like your fathers did?" Amen. I see the heavens open and I see Jesus standing at the right hand of God. Paul said without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. For God was manifested in the flesh. He was seen of angels. Then he was received up into glory. But said he was God and he come to take the sinner's place. He said, "And when God raised him up on the third day, it was for our justification. Therefore, he exalted at the right hand of the majesty on high. He is an intercessor to make intercessions upon for our weaknesses as we confess it to him and we die out to oursel placing his word back in us. That is his promise. I want you to stand to your feet tonight. The very presence of a supernatural power. The Bible said that they gathered there the Pharisees, the Sadducees, the many great leaders, the doctors of law that were sitting by. They came out of every town together. But the power of the Lord was present to heal. I say it like this tonight that that same power that was present to heal is the same power that's present to forgive. Amen. And I believe that as body of believers that no, not only do we have the right to access that, but brother Brian, we have the right to give it. Do you believe that tonight? Hallelujah. That God has given that power to the church. Amen. You say, "Brother Matt, I want to be free tonight." Let me tell you, don't hold nothing in your spirit. Amen. Don't let nothing be held towards any man. I told you I wasn't going to be long tonight. Don't let Don't let grudges and things be built up to to where you can't even you can't even come to church and look at somebody in the eye. You can't even shake their hand no more. What a demonic spirit. Bring Tell you what it'll do. It'll bring sickness to your body. Bring illness. It'll call it'll cause problems in your life that may be there for years and years, but the Bible tells us a way to get rid of it if we can just find a place of forgiveness. This may not been for everybody. But I believe that tonight. I believe if you can find it in your heart, say, "You know what? Maybe I was the one that was wrong anyway. Maybe it wasn't them at all. Maybe it was me. Maybe maybe I looked at that wrong. Have you ever thought about that? Sometimes we look at every situation and we we've made ourselves so right in our own mind. That's what the Bible says. Every man's right. We made ourselves so right in our own mind that we can't even see somebody else's side of things. But maybe maybe I wasn't so right. But either way, let's not just try to figure out who's right, who's wrong. Let's just get right with God and forgive one another. Amen. And be right where it matters. Hallelujah. That's the reality. That's what Stephen did. Ain't nobody ever done nothing to us as bad as that. But he stood and he said, "Forgive them." I wonder how many if you'll bow your heads tonight. See, brother Matt, that's that's the spirit I want to have. God bless you, sis all over the building. God bless y'all. That's the spirit that I want to have. That I can't walk by somebody, one of my precious brothers or sisters and have something in my spirits toward them because because something has been there or something they done or said, but Lord, let me be free of that tonight. Let me find forgiveness in my heart. Let me put my arm around my brother and tell them I love them. Let me take this out of my life. Grant it, Lord. God, let them let us be free. Let's just pray together. Lord Jesus. Lord, you see our hands that are raised here tonight. Lord, I realize the power of God that is in this building. Lord, I recognize your spirit, Lord, that would come by, Lord, and begin to minister to our hearts in such a way, Lord, that only you can. Lord, you know what's been tormenting. And Lord, you know every spirit, Lord, that torments the sons and daughters of God. And Lord, the church tonight, Lord, that wants to be free. A people, Lord, that that want to have the joy of the Lord. And God, they want to be so freed in their spirit. But here, Satan would come to try to torment, Lord, and keep them down and keep the gift of God from operating in their life. But Lord, I just ask you tonight that you would set them free. Lord, I pray if there be something in our spirit here tonight, Lord, I pray that you would cleanse this church. Lord, I pray that you would take everything, Lord. Anything that we would have, Lord, I pray that you would cast it aside. Lord, I still believe that same power, Lord, that was in that house is the same power in this house tonight. And Lord, we just give you liberty to move among every person, Lord. Every hand that's raised, Lord, we just ask you that you would set us free, God. May there not be one thing. May we not harbor one spirit, God. Maybe we but may we be well tonight, Lord. May our health, Lord, may our bodies, the may our our life reflect the very nature of Jesus Christ. We thank you for it tonight, Lord, and we praise you in the name of Jesus Christ. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] There is healing in the name of Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. I say there is power in the name Jesus. [Applause] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Everything every [Music] [Applause] Jesus [Music] there is power in the name Jesus. is in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is healing in the name of Jesus. [Music] Mercy in the name of Jesus. [Music] [Applause] In the name of Jesus. [Music] Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is [Music] there is power in the name of Jesus. There is in the name of Jesus. There is in the name of Jesus [Applause] to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There is freedom. In the name of Jesus, there is freedom. In the name of Jesus, there is freedom. In the name of Jesus, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Applause] Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. It is free. The name of Jesus. [Applause] There is freus. [Music] There is freom in the name of Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] shame. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Applause] In the name of Jesus, [Applause] every chain break every [Music] Jesus. There is healing in the name of Jesus. There is [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] He's in the house. Death and free. Now there is now there's no praise. Praise his name. He's in the house. Little was night. People are they just laugh at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some begin to praise the Lord. And some begin to sing. [Music] [Applause] And as you see, for now there is [Music] now there. There's no more now. I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the highest. We will find that little bird dead in all our sins. Jesus touched his heart of mine, gave me life again. I am just a house of today. But ever since that day, there's a light that shines on you for all the world to see that he's in the house. and live as now there is [Applause] now there is hope for there's no more now I'll praise his name I'll praise his Death has to flee. Now there is light darkness to me. Now there is hope. [Music] There's more. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. I say we were like that little. [Music] [Applause] I am just a house. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] And it has now there is not darkness. Now there is no there's no [Applause] praise. is he's in the house and there I see now there is no long now there is There's no praise. I praise his name. He's in the house and death has to flee. Now there is life. Where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more ground. So I'll praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Let the worippers arise. [Applause] left the sons and daughters. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Yes, my Lord. I surrender to the king. Father, I sing to the drawing. I am the same. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand to let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my praise. This is my place. Let the worry. [Music] [Applause] Let the sons and daughters sing. [Music] Yes, I surrender my all is my lord. I surrender to the king. Father growing louder is the song of your redee and the saints of every nation all the way we need to sing from our hearts. Oh here the praises. This is our song. We sing to our king. Let the world and the sun. [Music] Yes. I'm surrendering my [Music] I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arrive. [Music] [Applause] Let the sons and daughters sing. [Applause] It's time to leave my [Music] king. by here as far as the brideation. [Music] [Applause] [Music] This is our song. Oh, we sing to our king. Let the worship. Oh, just praise him. Oh, and the suns [Music] I'm surrendering my oh to you I surren that second verse once more. And father I hear loud. Oh it's the song of your redee. Oh as the saints of every nation far away singers from our hearts they come in. Oh the praises r. This is our song. Oh, it's a song of the redeemed to walk in. Let the worippers arise. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, let the sons and daughter. Yes. Oh, I surrendering my own to I surrender to. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my heart to you. I sing it once more. Let the worshippers arise. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the suns and the dark see. Oh, I want I surrender to the king. [Music] Let's sing this one last one before we dismiss. And you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place of the Father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. Oh, to you are life. You are awesome in this place. Off your declaration. Just lift your voice and sing it to him. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place of a father. And you are worthy of all praise. All to you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. All sing once more. Oh, you are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place. I have a father for you. You are worthy of all praise. Lord, to you our lives be raised. You are awesome in this place. by our first verse now. Lord, as we come into your presence, oh, pass the gates of praise, into your sanctuary till we're standing face to face. Lord, I look upon your countenance. I see the fullness of your grace. I can holy bow down and say you are awesome in this place mighty God for you are awesome in this place the father for you are worthy of all praise to you our lives be praise You are awesome in this place. Oh, let's sing that second verse just once. Oh Lord, I come to you in worship. I lift my voice to sing. I invite you to the table that you prepare for me. As I anointing, I surrender everything. For all glory is the king of kings. You are awesome in this place. I [Music] you are awesome in this place. [Music] You are worthy of all praise. To you are my praise. You are awesome in this. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. For you are worthy of all praise. Lord, to you our lives. We praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Oh heavenly father, we just come before you saying we're so thankful, Father, that you could just come down, Father, and commune with us this evening. Oh God, you open your word to us, Father, and showed us we're beneficiaries, Lord, to so much more than we know. Father, I pray each one, Lord, here may they realize what they have. Father, what their legal possession is, Father, that they may look into your word and see what's promised to them, Lord, and they would lay claim to every promise in the book, oh God. Oh God, I pray you just bless our pastor this evening for pouring out himself, oh God. I pray you just give him strength and virtue to him, Lord. Give him peace, Father. Give him strength when he gets tough times. Lord, we thank you for a pastor that would just come and preach us the word of life. Oh Lord, I ask that you would just be with each one. Father, those that are on the road, those that are sick at home, Father, may you just touch their bodies, be with Brother Andrew as he's out there in the missions field. Bless them, Father. Use them in a mighty way, oh God. I pray you would just be with each one of us, Lord, as we heard this evening. Father, may we just manifest that true life, Father, that we would have true forgiveness one for another, Lord. that you would forgive and forget and move on. Lord, I pray you'd just be with each one as we would go, watch over us, keep us safe throughout the rest of our week, Lord, and just bring us back safely Sunday morning, charged and ready to hear your word, Lord. We just thank you for all you do, for all you are to us, Lord. And we ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. As you're dismissed, and Oh, yes. Oh, yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh, for his royal love. Oh, now go through my way. Oh, and I was wretched and found. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of the king and glory. Oh, yes. I'm a child of the king. [Music]
