################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Bro Andrew Glover  Under the Influence of the Token Message  06-15-2025 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    Bro Andrew Glover | Under the Influence of the Token Message | 06-15-2025
Speaker:  Andrew Glover
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBXEPwLP52o
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] When above the glassy sea will join our love ones and crown rise forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven. Oh, let's all stand and sing that last verse. Oh, and when at last we see the face of Jesus. Oh, before whose image of there's all will flee. Oh, and when they crown him Lord of all, I'll be there. Oh, oh, this is just what heaven means to me. And I say, what will it be when we get over yonder? Oh, we join the throne upon the glassy sea. Oh, we'll join our love ones and crown cries forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven. I'll sing the chorus once more. What will it be? And I say, what will it be when we get over yonder? Oh, when we join the throng upon the glassy sea. Oh, we'll join our love ones and crown cries forever. Oh, and this is just what heaven means to me. Well, aren't you longing for that day when we get over there and worship and praise him? Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord on this Father's Day. Good to see each and every one of you here. I know we have some visitors with us. Just feel welcome to enter in worship. Let's sing that little song. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. How many you appreciate him this morning? Oh heavenly father I appreciate you. Oh heavenly father I appreciate you. Oh I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate. Oh, sing it once more to him this morning. Oh, heavenly father, I appreciate you. Oh, heavenly father, I appreciate you. Oh, I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you, heavenly father. Oh, if you really mean it, just sing it to him now. Just lift your hands. Oh, heavenly father. Oh, I appreciate you. Oh heavenly father, I appreciate you. Oh, I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Aren't you thankful for all he's done this morning? Brother West, will you go ahead and open the Lord in order seats this morning? Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Can you Can you say he's been good to you this morning? Oh, and Lord Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. You surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Oh, you filled me with the Holy Ghost. Surely been good to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Oh, you healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. Oh, you healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. I'm singing, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world cannot do. Oh, I want to see him. Well, as I journey through the land, I'm singing as I go. I'm pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many heroes pierce my soul from withoutin. Oh, but my Lord leads me on and through him I must win. And know I want to see him look upon his face. Oh there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass. Home at last ever to rejoice. And when in service for my Lord dark may be denied. Oh but I'll cling for close to him. He will give me life. Oh saint snares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead and leads whatever time. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all past. Oh my last ever to rejoice. Wind in valleys though I look toward the mountain high and behold my savior there leading in the fire. Oh, with a tender hand I'll stretch or the valley low. He's guiding me. I can see he has an onward goal. And oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. And when before me billows dry from the mighty deep. Oh then my Lord directs my bar. He does safely keep. Oh and he leads me gently on through this world below. For he's a real friend to me. And know I love him so. And oh, I want to see him look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace. And the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh, cares all. Oh, let's all stand as the brothers come for the offering. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let lift my voice, oh cares all past, home at last, ever to rejoice. Amen. Brother Phil, will you go ahead and pray over the offering? [Music] So I said thanks for loving me. For you have set my spirit free. Well, I'm not one I used to be. So I say thank you, Lord. All put your hands and sing together. So I set for loving me for you have set my spirit free. Well I'm not one I used to be. So I said thank you Lord for loving me. Oh I know you kept on loving when no love was returned. Oh, and you kept on blessing me when I did not deserve. For you've been the dearest friend that anyone could be. And I say, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." So I said, "Thanks for loving me. For you have set, oh my spirit free." Well, I'm not one I used to be. So I said, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." Oh, my empty heart was heavy and no one even cared. My life was full of misery and no one else would share. My spirit was in prison and I could not find the key. Oh, but he opened up my heart by loving me. Oh, so I set thanks for loving me. For you have set, oh my spirit free. Well, I'm not one I used to be. Oh, so I said, "Thank you, Lord." Oh, let's sing that second verse once more. Oh, my empty heart was heavy and no one even cared. My life was full of misery and no one else would change. My spirit was in prison and I could not find the key. Oh, but he opened up my heart. Amen. Brother David, if you'll get ready for your song, I said thanks for loving me. You have set, oh my spirit free. Well, I'm not one I used to be. Oh, I said thanks. I'll sing it once more. For so I set thanks for loving me for you have set. Oh my spirit free. Well, I'm not what I used to be. So I say thank you Lord for loving me. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this morning. [Music] Joseph lived a life of hurt and hatred. Even his old family brought him pain. [Music] When his brother's thought he would surely seek reveal, he said, "I have seen God's purpose now made plain [Music] of Jehovah. I look back and see. He was always leading me. What was made for evil, God has used to show me his great love. I now understand the tender hand of Jehovah. [Music] Many Jews were killed and saw a sunder. [Music] Oh, it seemed that God had left his very own. Oh, but through it all, God had a plan. Little did they know he'd bring all his children, all his children back home. Oh, how can I deny his hand of mercy? [Music] Oh, when troubles come without a reason why, I just lift my hands and say everything is for my good. He has all the answers. all the answers to my life. It was the tender hand [Music] of Jehovah. I can look back and see he was all leading me. [Music] What was made for evil God has used. Show me his great love. I now understand the tender hand of Jehovah. and for evil God is used. Show me his great love. I'll understand the tender hand of Jehovah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. How many you can say amen to that this morning? Sing that course. Thanks. Thanks, I give you thanks. Aren't you thankful? He's working all things for your good. The Bible says all things work together for the good. I heard it once said he didn't say everything would be good, but he said it would work for the good. So, let's just thank him this morning. Oh, thanks. Oh, thanks. Oh, I give you thanks for all you have done. Oh, and I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord. Oh, let's sing it again as the youth choir brings their song. Oh, and thanks. Oh, thanks. Yes, I give you thanks for all that you have done. I say I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, oh I give Oh, sing it once more. Oh, and thanks. Yes, thanks. I give you thanks for all that you have done. I know that I am so powerful. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Somebody here needs an answer. to the questions, the fears and the [Music] isperate for free from the past. The chains and the lost. Feels like you wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still lasting. Feels like you're running will never [Music] you will never win. I don't know who told you you would not make it. I don't know who told you you could not take. I don't know who told you. It's time that you pray. But my God says wait. It ain't over yet. There's somebody here who needs an answer to the questions, the fears, and the wise. And somebody here is desperate for freom from the past, the chains and the li. Feels like you wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still lasting night. Feels like your running will never end. You will never win. I don't know who told you you would not take it. I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know who told you you son that you could but my God says wait it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over and God says that this thing it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over. And God says at this day, it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God said it's over. And God says that this thing, it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over and God says that this thing it ain't over yet. Somebody here is ready for breakthrough. Somebody here is ready to be made new. Somebody here is looking for a way out from the chains that [Music] God said it's over. And God says that this thing it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says [Music] that this thing. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till God said it's over. God says that this thing it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over. And God says that this thing it ain't over yet. Somebody here needs an answer to the questions, the fears and lies. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. You've been going through a trial. It ain't over yet. God's mercy is new every morning. Don't you love the Lord? Can you give the hand hand clap to the young kids? Amen. What a blessing this morning. Praise the Lord. [Music] If you know, you can help me this morning. He moves among us. All that he does, all of his mercy, and all of his love. If the pen of the rider could ride every day, leaving this world can never contain. Oh, how I've been blessed. [Music] Dark in the winter, flowers in spring. Oh, laughter at summer. Oh, the changing of leaves. There's food on my table, a good place to sleep. There's clothes on my back. Oh, and shoes on my feet. Oh, I have been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for being so kind. God is so good. So so good. I have been there. Arms that will raise. A voice that can talk, hands that can touch, legs that can walk. Oh, ears that can listen, eyes that can see. Oh, I've got to praise him as long as I breathe. Oh, I am so blessed. A mother and father, nurtured and raised. Oh, sisters and brothers. memories that's made our pastor to lead us is a water to pray. Oh stripes that can heal and a blood that can save. Oh I am so blessed. Oh I am so blessed. gone for free. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could. There's not enough time. So just Oh, God has been good. Oh, so good. [Music] Now the world cannot hold me in all of its glue. Oh, I cannot be defeated. But I'm a part of the group. For we live at the end time with a message from the king. Oh, it's preparing our hearts. Rapture ready. Oh, I have been blessed. He's so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way I could count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank you for being so kind. Well, God has so so good. I have been. He's a shoulder to lean on. He's my shoulder to lean on. Do you know him that way? When I am down, will the rock where he leads me? When I'm overwhelmed, will the place where he hides me. I know. Thank you, Lord. He's not just a song, but he's the reason I sing. Oh, I have fears. Can't you be disappointed? God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. Well, there's no count. Well, there's not enough time of time. So, I'll just thank you for being so kind. God has been so good. So, so good. I have been Oh, if you love him, give him another handful of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This morning, God's good. It's good to feel his presence this morning. We have a prayer request here this morning. [Music] Donnie Bagwell's family passed away last night. Just remember them in prayer. If you got a need upon your heart, why won't you make it known this morning? I know he's He's omnipresent right here. He's omnipotent. He's all powerful to meet each and every one of our needs. And just make it known by the uplift in your hands. Just go to the Lord in prayer. Oh Lord, heavenly father, we thank you Lord this morning for your presence, Father. [Music] The presence of allowing us to know, Lord God, that you're real. some night some God that's dead somewhere but you're very much alive and you're right here in this tabernacle do the miraculous here this morning Lord God Lord we pray Lord God for this family God that you'd intercede in their behalf Lord be their everpresent help in the time this of this need and grief father Lord I pray a friend of mine that lost his mother and father last two months Lord we just pray that you'd bless that family as well this morning, Lord. Many hands that went up towards you this morning, Lord. Lord, we I know we're a much needed people, Lord. But you're you're you're such a powerful God that can meet every need, no matter how great it is, Lord God. Lord, we pray, Lord God, that you come in a special way. Anoint our precious brother this morning. He brings us the your precious word this morning, Lord. We commit this service into your hands in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And the bride says, "Amen." Amen. God's good to us, isn't he? Amen. God bless you. You can have your seats for a moment. We got a special moment this morning. And I can get this out, brother Matt. We got to use this cuz we want to hold these precious little jewels. Amen. Yeah. Sing it little chorus. Bring the bring to Jes. [Music] Praise the Lord. This is a beautiful one, too. I'm not partial at all. I'm a proud papa. God's blesses. I am so blessed not only to have beautiful grandchildren, but parents that will raise them up to serve the Lord. That good, good son-in-laws, and and he raises a beautiful family. Tim, God bless you. And All your labors are precious. This little I call her Valley May, but her mama told me that's not her name this morning. Valley May. We're going to call her Valley May. She's precious. Isn't she beautiful? Amen. God's so good to us. We'll just pray together and bow our hearts. Man, yes. I thought about that after holding this jewel. Thank you, buddy. Let's ask brother Matt to lead us here in a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for this opportunity that you have given us, Lord, to take this little jewel that you've given us and had confidence as a place in this family, Lord God. Lord, that you'll bless her life, Lord. That you would bless her walk, Lord God. Let her be a ray of sunshine in this family's life, Lord God. And Lord, that you would guide this family, Lord God. We we ask you, Lord God, that you'd do something special for this young, Lord God. And may she serve you all the days of her life when she wants the accountability, the age of accountability, Lord. Lord, we just ask you just build a wall of protection around her, Lord God. And we just want to give you the praise and honor for all that you've done for us and ever will do for her and her life and her family. We commit this time into your hands in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Bless you. Amen. [Music] Amen. Isn't that just a treasure? We certainly love new life. What joy that it brings to us. Amen. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? How many just appreciates the Lord this morning here on on Father's Day? And we certainly want to say happy Father's Day to all the the dads out there. So, you may have already, but may won't y'all give our fathers a hand this morning. Certainly appreciate all for all the the families, all you do for your family and all you do for the church. and we certainly wouldn't be here without you. So, may God bless you and may God bless your family. And you know, I think about that today. We have a heavenly father that's that's never failed us. And I I can't ever go through this day without thinking about all that God has done for us. And you know, truthfully, I I don't go through a single day without thinking about that. You know, something always uh causes your mind as a believer uh to go to the things of God and and how blessed that we truly are. Amen. and you love the Lord this morning. And man, we just want to make room for the word of God and and Brother Andrew is going to be speaking for us. And but if God's been good to you, I brother Joe was singing that song and it made me think of this, the goodness of God. If the Lord's been good to you, why don't you just sing this to him with all your heart and and just make him welcome in this place. Amen. because this it it ought to be while it's the purpose of us coming to church and and so why don't we just make him welcome and and let him know how much that he means to us this morning. I love you Lord and your mercy never fails me. Yes. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I say cuz all my life you have been faithful and all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. And in the darkest night, you're close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. and I have lived in the goodness of God. Won't you sing it to him this morning? For I know all my life, Lord, you have been faithful. All my life you feel so good with every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I say all my life you have been faithful. Is that the truth this morning? Lord, all my life you've been so good. With every breath I am able [Music] of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing. Hasn't he been good to you? Even when we were lost and gone astray, but he never gave up on us. But David said, "Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life." How many testify that? It didn't matter how bad it got, Brother Jared. But he was there, following after me. Amen. You believe that? Won't somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Your goodness is running after, running after me. Your goodness is running after you, running out to me. With my life laid down, I give you everything. Your goodness is running after, running after me. I say your goodness is running after, running after me. you. Your goodness is running after, running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after, running after me. I know cuz all my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath I am able. Yes, I have. Of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire and in the darkest night. You're close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. So I say [Applause] you have been faithful. Yes, my Lord, you have been strong, so so good with every. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Won't you give him a hand clap of praise? You're worthy of it all. Yes, you are worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Won't you just lift your hand to him and tell him how much he means to you this morning as we invite brother Andrew to come. Yes, my Lord. You're worthy of it all, my Jesus. For you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. One more time. Oh, you're worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. Yes, you are. Oh, for you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Amen. How many believes that this morning? Amen. And I wonder how many witnesses do we have here today that his goodness and mercyy's never left you. Amen. It's never failed you. Amen. He's been he's been with you in the dark times, on the mountains and in the valleys. Amen. He's the never failing God. There's one thing we know this morning. His word is true. And we're gathered here today as witnesses of the power of his word this morning. And I know there may be a a lot of things going on in our lives and situations we may be facing, but if we can just open up our hearts and give him praise and begin to worship him. Amen. I know a praise and a worship from a believer go a long way this morning. Amen. This morning, let's just bow our hearts together for a word of prayer as we approach him. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here on this resurrection Sunday morning, this beautiful Sunday that you've given us, Father, Lord, we've not gathered here out of form or fashion. We've not gathered here out of tradition or ritual, Lord, but we've gathered here because there is a deep calling to the deep. And Lord, our prophet has taught us that before there was a deep calling to the deep, there had to be a deep to respond. And Lord, I believe this morning that these are your eagllets, Father, your believers that have gathered around the carcass this morning. Uh Lord, we've not gathered here to be seen or to be heard, but Lord, we've gathered to draw closer to you. And Lord, that we may receive something from your word that would be of benefit to our lives this morning. Now, Father, if there's a desire in our hearts today for more of you, I am a firm believer, Lord, that there is more of you for us to receive this morning. Father, I pray a special blessing today upon all the fathers in this building, Lord. Father, you see the stands they've made and had to take, Lord, for your word. And Lord, you see the pressures and the responsibilities, oh God, that lay upon their shoulders. But Lord, they're standing for you and standing for their families and for this word. I pray today, oh God, they would receive a special blessing from your presence today. Lord, I pray as we open your word this morning, may you send the spirit of wisdom and revelation into the building. May you drive out every spirit that's unlike the Holy Spirit. Lord, may the great influence of the Almighty God come in this building today. Lord, you see empty vessels here today, Father. May they be filled, oh God. Lord, I pray for those that are facing battles, Lord, and in situations this morning. Lord, may that great delivering angel sweep through the building today, oh God, with direction, Father. Lord, with deliverance this morning for those sick in their bodies and unable to be here, Lord, maybe some at home listening. I pray the angel of God would pass through their living room, Lord. Father, may the anointing settle down over their bodies, Lord, and break the power of that sickness, oh God. Lord, I pray for those that have lost desire and lost the ambition, Lord. I pray this morning you would stir up their minds by the way of remembrance, oh God. And Lord, may they return to the fold, Father. Lord, this morning we ask you to forgive us of our failures and our shortcomings, oh God. Lord, hide us behind the cross of Calvary this morning. And may your blood, that powerful blood, may it flow through this building today, dear God, touching hearts and lives. And Lord, we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray and all the believers says, "Amen." And amen. God bless you this morning. How many is happy to be in the house of God? Amen. on a on a Sunday morning. We do want to say God bless you this morning and happy Father's Day to all you fathers. I know it's already been said, but we we just want to say it once again. May God richly bless you and your families and Amen. Haven't it just been a wonderful song service this morning and the presence of the Lord just moving. We sure enjoyed that song service and Amen. that choir. Wasn't that powerful? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. I sure appreciate our sister Vanna working with the young people and amen to see those talents and gifts being cultivated in the presence of God is it is a real a real honor and a real privilege to behold that and amen this morning if you have your Bibles we want to go to the book of Exodus the 12th chapter. Amen. I sure enjoyed getting to watch that beautiful baby dedication this morning. Brother Joel, God bless you and your family. And I was just sitting back there reminiscing a minute when he was dedicating that baby and thinking about the first times we met and how the Lord went and got a hold of brother Tim and filled him with the Holy Ghost and what a masterpiece he made out of that family and then to be standing here today and see him dedicating that baby we I tell you God has been good. Amen. Amen. Sometimes I get to reminisce in a minute and thinking about standing over at the Reynolds house and Amen. One of these days we're going to have to make some more brownies and Amen. That's an inside joke we'll leave for another time. Amen. But we we sure love the Reynolds this morning and see the blessings of God there. And Amen. is it just good to be a Christian this morning. Amen. The book of Exodus the 12th chapter. We want to look in the 12th verse. It's a very very familiar reading. Moses here writing. He says, "Now, for I will pass through the land of Egypt." I believe Moses here's prophesying on behalf of the Lord. He says, "For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast, and against all the gods of Egypt. I will execute judgment. I am the Lord." But the blood shall be for a token upon the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where you are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you. So he's going to pass through the land. But when he sees the blood, he will pass over you. And the plague shall not be up on you to destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt. Now in the book of Hebrews, the 11th chapter, Hebrews chap 11, I want to pull one verse out of Hebrews 11 and verse 31. Um it's a very very familiar chapter. We know it as the faith chapter as the heroes of faith. The honor role of the heroes of faith. And in the 31st verse of Hebrews 11, Paul here writing, he says, "Now by faith," how many knows faith is a revelation. By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believe not when she had received the spies with peace. Can I say it like this? By revelation, the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believe not when she had received the spies with peace. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to add the blessing to the reading of his word. As you can have your seats here today, I want to uh by the help of the Lord this morning, if I would take a title, I want to speak to you on this under the influence of the token message. Under the influence of the token message. And maybe if I would uh pull something out of that, I maybe uh subtitle it or take a context out of that. I want to talk to you on Rahab the influencer. Rahab the influencer. And you know, uh there's only the only way that something can actually influence you. Amen. Is you've got to come under it. Now, in the message, the toolken 1963, brother Bramman says, don't just come this far and say, I believe the message. Amen. But you obey the messenger and come into Christ. You say, "Well, I believe every word," said Brother Brandham. Amen. That's good, but that's just being able to read. He said, "But you take the message and take it into your heart that you must have the token, the very life that was in Christ, amen, be in you. When I see the blood, I will pass over you." In the another place in the message, the toolken, he says, "We're not come together to talk about the message." Amen. We are come together to get in the message and the message is Christ. He is the word. Amen. God bless you, brother Harvey. Good to see you. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this morning. And the message is Christ. Amen. Now, he is the word. That's right. Amen. We're to get into it. We're to get beneath it. Amen. Now, watch this. The message is Christ. He is the word. Amen. That's right. We're to get into it. We're to get beneath it. Amen. That's what we're supposed to do now. Amen. I find it very amazing that the age we're living in. Amen. We're living in an age that is full of influences. There's influences on every corner. Everywhere you look, there's influences. And the and the age we're living in, Amen. Actually, people have been called influencers. So, it's not just an age of influences, but now, amen, the world is full of influencers. And I I took time to look up what an influencer is. It's a person who is able to generate interest in something. Amen. It's someone who's able to use their abilities to in to encourage somebody. Amen. To have interest in something. Now, I find it very amazing that influence is a powerful thing. Amen. When you look here at the definition, I found three def uh different definitions of the word influence. One is the capacity to have an effect on the character on the development or the behavior of someone or something. Amen. Or the effect itself. Amen. Influence is the power to shape. Amen. The influence is the power to shape. Another one. Influence is the process of producing modifications. Amen. Especially when slow or permanent. Amen. To exert or maintain a mental Amen. or moral power up on or over others. Another one, influence is the flowing into of power. So, amen, there's a direct connection between influence and power. Amen. Whether in the form of motive or ability. Now, you all that study the message, you know that brother Brown preaches several messages on influence. He'll he'll call it influence of another. Amen. Influences or influence. And he'll take it. Amen. From Isaiah 6 and verse 1 to8. Amen. where Isaiah had gotten his eyes off of the Lord and he's got his eyes over on Uzziah. Amen. But then there came angels into the atmosphere and the Bible said that which way they did cover their face which meant humil or reverence and then which twain they covered their feet which meant reverence. Amen. And which way they did fly. Amen. And which meant action showing Amen. how that uh Uzziah had become an influence over Isaiah. Amen. But it was not God's God's desire, amen, for Uzziah to be Isaiah's influence. Amen. It was God's desire for himself, Amen, to be the influence over Isaiah. And the prophet of God said, you know, we might not want to believe this. Amen. But everything we do, Amen, we are influencing someone else. Amen. Do you realize this morning, you're influencing someone else? Amen. Amen. Right here in this building, the way you're conducting yourselves and Amen. the way you're worshiping and the way you're praising God. Amen. Is influencing someone around you. Somebody, amen, is looking at you this morning. I'll say this. Amen. We need influential Christians. Amen. Amen. That are influenced by the word of God. The prophet of God said, "Call men or women for an influence." Amen. To the elected church for the last days. Amen. Is what we need. Amen. God give it to us. They'll be here. Amen. They're going to be. Now I find it amazing that influence actually has the power, amen, to convert someone, amen, from unbelief unto faith. It has the power, amen, to convert someone from sin unto righteousness. In the book of St. Luke chapter 1, the Bible, uh, in the third verse, speaking of a man named Theophilles, it said, "It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding, amen, of all the things from the very first, amen, to write unto thee in order, amen, most excellent Theophilus." Now, I took time to look up the meaning of the word Theophilles, that name. Amen. And it actually means friend of God. Amen. Now, Theophilus was the person that Luke, amen, addressed his gospel in the book of Acts 2. Amen. I find this amazing. He was a He was probably an official of high rank. Amen. He was a gentile of rank and consideration. But I want you to notice what happened. He came under the influence of Luke, Amen, or Paul at Rome and was converted to the Christian faith. Amen. When when Theophilos came underneath the influence, Amen. of of Luke or Paul at Rome. Amen. He was converted to the Christian faith. I want to say, amen, that Paul or Luke, Amen, whomever it was, must have been some salt. Amen. Amen. They must have been more than just intellectual believers and they must have had more than just a head knowledge. But somewhere they must have met the God of Abraham and had come in contact with him and had become a representative of his on the earth. Now you all that read the Bible, you know Matthew 5:13 says, "Amen, that ye are the salt of the earth." Amen. But if the salt has lost its savor, amen, wherewith it shall be salted, it is then for good for nothing. Amen. But to be cast out and to be trotten under the foot of man. When you look there at that word salt, it is a symbol of lasting concord because it protects food, amen, from putriication and preserves it unchanged. Amen. I'll say what a prophet said. We must be salty and the world will be thirsty. He said, you're the salt of the earth. Amen. But if the salt has only got a look and not a savor, it is henceforth good for nothing. Amen. But to be laughed at. another place. We are the salt of the earth. And if the salt is still got its savor in it, amen, and contacts, it's a saver. But if the salt has lost its strength, amen, if our testimonies are so irregular and one day we're up and the next day we're down and this way we're believing and the next day we're not. Amen. How can a sinner, amen, find anything from us? Amen. We must take our stand for God and there remain until death sets us free. I'll say this, the strength of the salt, Amen, is the power of the resurrection. Amen. The prophet said the life that Jesus gave. Amen. What is the strength? Amen. Of the Holy Spirit should be in every member of the church. Amen. What do you mean strength? Amen. The power of the resurrection. The life that Jesus gave for the church should be operating in every member of the bodies. Amen. And if the church gets that burden on their heart, amen, to contact someone. Amen. To get someone saved. Amen. Then the strength is coming back into the church again and into the people. Amen. So the strength of God is not to just be in the preacher. It's not to just be in the song leader or the musicians or the deacon. But the strength of God is to be flowing through every member, amen, of the church of the living God. Now I'll just say this. Our influence, Amen, is supposed to change the world. Amen. And not the world's influence change the church. The prophet said, "Ye are the salt of the earth." Amen. I'm afraid that's what happened to the church. Amen. It's lost its sweetness. Amen. Amen. Now, let's just preach this morning. Amen. It's lost its love. It's lost its influence. Amen. To bring sinners to you. Amen. Just taking in a bunch of members and baptizing them and let them live in the world. Amen. And their influence has corrupted the church. Amen. I'm all about witnessing and I'm all about outreach. I I'll do it any day and every day. But listen, this message is not just sent, amen, to fill up a building. It's not just sent to put a bunch of people on pews and amen, just put the name of Jesus over their life. Amen. It's sent to change a man, amen, from the top of his head, amen, to the sole of his feet. And if we really believe this message, then we believe this message still has the ability, amen, to take sin and to take ungodliness and to take perversion, amen, out of the hearts and lives of his children. Listen, I'll say this and I'll go down dying saying it. Amen. Worldly influences, amen, does not belong in the church of God. And I'll go a step further and say denominational influences, amen, does not belong in the church of God. Amen. When salt loses its savor, Amen. It becomes sand. Amen. The product of God said that the main thing being influence, Amen. Not by what great numbers we are. Amen. by but what a great God that we're representing and the kind of life that's in us amen by him will influence others. He said, "See, how can how how can a Christian and when we lose our influence as a father, Amen, as a mother, as a Christian, as a businessman, as a minister, when we lose our influence with people." Amen. Now, we can be very popular in the line of the world and go along with the world. But I mean as what we represent. Amen. We represent Christ. Amen. We lose our influence. I'm going to say what a prophet said. How can we blend in with the day when God is so against the day? Amen. How can we blend in with the day when God is so against the day? I'll say this, a child of God, amen, is not sent to fit in or to blend in. But a child of God is sent, amen, by God into this age, amen, to stand out as a representative of the literal life of Jesus Christ. Listen, I know it may not be popular, but but you hear my heart this morning. Amen. Everything that's popular is not always right. And everything that's right is not always popular. I remember as a kid in school, the Lord called me to preach at a very young age. And amen, back in them days, I really didn't care about arithmetic or English or none of that. Amen. I was on fire to preach the gospel. And I was sitting in the English class one day and the teacher had a poster on the wall and she was teaching and I was staring at that poster. Brother Matt had had a bunch of fish and they were all swimming downstream, but it had one fish that was streaming upstream. Swimming upstream. She looked at me. She said, "Why are you looking at that?" I said, "Oh, never mind me. I'm just getting a sermon out of that." She said, "What do you mean?" I said, "Well, the sign says, "Whatever is popular is not always right. But whatever is right is not always popular. And though there'll be a hundred churches going one direction, if we believe that God is God and we believe his word is true, we say, "Well, if I turn and go upstream, I'm going to stand out. I would rather stand out on this earth, amen, for the power of Jesus Christ than to fit in with every ungodly devil and spirit that has crawled up out of hell." I'll say what a prophet said as a believer, amen, we are his point of contact, amen, on the earth now. Amen. The message of the hour. Amen. It must be on display in our flesh. Amen. Paul said, "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts. You are known and you are read of all men." For as much as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ, amen, ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God. Amen. Not in tables of stone, but in the fleshly tables of the heart. Brother said, God didn't put you here, amen, to work in a factory just alone. But he put you here as a testimony, a written epistle read of all men to live an honorable and a decent life and a hid consecrated life with God. So that men would know, amen, that Jesus Christ still lives and reigns. Amen. Think about that. He said, "If you are the salt of the earth, then you've got to live such a life." Amen. A written epistle. Amen. Till all men know what you are. Another place that we should live the right kind of a life. Because you see, there's so many people that will never take time to read the Bible. Amen. But they will read you. That's a powerful one. They will never read the Bible, but they will read you. Amen. So that tells me you are, amen, a written Bible. Amen. Reflecting the life of Jesus Christ. He said that is your life. It must read so loud to the public until your testimony. Amen. If it's contrary to your life, Amen. It is without any effect. Amen. If your testimony is contrary to your life, it is without any effect. He said, "So just keep on mind that we're bringing influences every day. And the life that you live, Amen, proves what's on the inside of you. You cannot change that." See, now listen what a prophet said. Every person, amen, reflects outside, amen, what he is inside. Amen. So somebody take that scripture and say, "Well, Amen. God don't care about the outside. Amen. He looks on the inside." Well, that's the truth when you're choosing a king. Amen. But you can't take that all the way and dismiss holiness. Amen. Because Paul said, "Amen. Holiness without." Amen. No man shall see the Lord. And I know it ain't popular no more. Amen. To open this blessed book and to take a sermon on holiness. Amen. But you're looking at one preacher that's not a hire. You didn't hire me, so you can't fire me. I've been called of God to say what a prophet said. And if we're going to claim to be message believers, if we're going to claim to be the children of God, I think there ought to be a life on the inside of our souls that ought to be bearing witness on the outside that we have passed from the realms of worldlyism and from the realms of Hollywood into the realm of almighty God where the Holy Ghost can find a place. Amen. To influence sinners and to influence unbelievers. Yes, sir. You say, "What are you getting at?" I'll say what I'm getting at. The beauty of the church, amen, is not the building. Come on, folks. It's Sunday morning. We might as well preach. Amen. You got up out of bed and got ready, so we might as well have church. The beauty of the church, Amen, is not the building. Amen. I don't want to I don't want to make you mad, but the beauty of the church is not the carpet and it's not the pews and Amen. It's not the abilities. The beauty of the church is the character of the people. I love how the prophet of God will talk about in in the 1960s. He said, "There I was preaching here the other day in the tabernacle." And he said, "I was going through town and I stopped down here at the restaurant and I stopped over here at the motel." And he said, "All the owners were commenting, amen, on the people that were coming to town for my meetings." He said they were talking about how they all filled up their restaurants and they booked all their hotels. And brother said, I asked him, I said, "Well, I'm sorry. that's probably costing you money, isn't it? He said, "No, brother Brandon." He said, "We're honored to have your people here." He said, "Because the testimony they carry." Amen. He said, "They don't leave nothing undone." And oh my well, we might as well just preach. And oh, he said, "They take care of things." And he said, "They're responsible." Re said, "Oh, to me, Amen. You're the salt of the earth." He said, "I'm so grateful to know that I have the privilege of preaching to people that even sinners." Now, I don't say these people are sinners, but I mean people that business and so forth can say you're a nice people and they appreciate you in their business and around their places. You know, that's being salty. Amen. I appreciate that your behavior. Amen. The way you take care of things. Amen. Now, listen. It does not say, Brother David, that the owner said, "Man, your people was down here and they left a hundred books in our hotel rooms and they filled up our restaurant tables with witnessing cards." The the prophet said, "I might as well preach." Amen. The prophet said, "The way they were conducting themselves and the way they were living was a testimony of the message that you're preaching." Listen, friends, it's time, amen, to make sure that our lives, amen, are matching our testimony. You say, "Well, Brother Andrew, I made a mistake and I made I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about when the dust settles and the smoke clears. Let's make sure we've got more than just a good feeling on Sunday morning. Let's make sure we got more than just a goosebump at a convention. Let's make sure that on the depths of our soul has come the seal of the almighty God. We don't belong to this world. Therefore, we don't walk like this world. We don't talk like this world. We don't look like this world. We have come from another dimension. We are sons and daughters of God. Yes, sir. You say, "Well, I got influence." Well, let me say this. The prophet of God breaks it down very beautiful. He said, "Influences come from somewhere." Y'all know that. Amen. Influences has a source. The prophet of God said, "Listen," he said, "the way you're either influenced, you mortal beings, you're either influenced from this away or from that away." Now, can I preach a minute? You cannot be here a spiritual being, sinner or saint, without having an influence from the underworld or from the above world. So influence is coming from the underworld. Let's just get it out there. Hell or from the above world, which is heaven. He said if you're influenced from here, then you're from above. See, your celestial body is waiting up here. But if you're wicked and hypocritical and indifferent, then your celestial body is down here. Regardless of how much, Amen. that you think it's up there because the fruit that you bear before people proves where you're from. So you are here what you are somewhere else. Your life, what you live here is just reflecting what your inheritance is when you leave here. How many knows a prophet said that when a person dies, amen, it doesn't change what you are. It only changes your dwelling place. Now listen, the prophet of God said, "So what's happened is the lid has come off of hell and demon powers are streaming up, amen, out of the influence of hell." And he said, "The whole air has become contaminated with the powers of the underworld, with the powers of darkness." Another place he said the sinner, amen, is influenced by a spirit. Amen. Because he has a spirit and the wrong influence and the right gives influence. And those who are dominated, amen, with blackness and separation are dominated from the underworld of devils. So there is an above world and there is an underworld. And the prophet of God said, you're caught in between. And the life that you're living is declaring where your influence is coming from. Now, come on, somebody say, "Well, Amen. I don't think influence really can affect somebody." Oh, it will. Amen. Amen. We got a bunch of teenagers around here. Amen. You just start listening to something and before long, we don't have to ask. Come on, y'all might as well loosen up. I'm going to preach. Amen. You take a boy and he gets to he gets to listen to country music and and feeding on country music. Amen. boy ain't never wore a pair of boots in his life, but all of a sudden he's got boots and a cowboy hat. He's walking around 10 feet tall. Amen. Because he's under the influence of what he's listening to. You take a kid listening to rap music. Amen. All of a sudden, they start looking like it, acting like it, and talking like it because it's the influence that they're under. You take a girl, amen, that starts flirting with the world and looking at Hollywood before long makeup starts coming back and before long splits and short dresses. Come on, church. We might as well preach. Amen. Start coming back. Amen. Because the lid has come off of hell. And the only thing standing between you and the angel of destruction is the fact that God has sent a token message in this hour that will separate you from the influence of the world and will place you as a son and daughter of almighty God. Now, amen. I just got to say what the prophet said. Amen. I was listening to this a while back. Remember said there I was. He said as a little boy, he said I got hurt. And he said I went into the regions of the lost. And he said I saw hell. Remember that? He said they were crying, they were weeping, they were whailing, there was nashing of teeth. He said I looked and there was no mama there. He said I looked, there was no daddy there. He said I looked and the worst of it all, Amen, was there was no God there. He said, now what I saw, Amen, I saw the very influence of hell upon the people that was in it. He said, "When I got out of there," he said, "God, don't ever let me go back to that place." Now, I know it's not popular no more, amen, to preach on this, amen, but somewhere or another, we got to let the rubber hit the road. And remember, there's only two destinations. There's not a purgatory. There's a heaven to gain, and there's a hell to shun. Listen. And anybody that says anything different is not saying what this Bible said. This Bible said it is appointed unto man once to die. and after that the judgment. Listen, I thank God this morning that we can gather together in a church of the living God and can feel the influence, oh the sweet influences of the presence of almighty God. And somebody sitting right here this morning could receive something from God that would change your eternal destination, that would change you from a path of destruction. It would change you from a path of perversion. It would change you from a path that was leading to that place that a prophet said whatever you do don't go there. Now I love it because he makes it very plain. He says now you wonder what I saw there. He said I come back and he said there I was standing in JC Penney and he said there were people walking around and he said some of them had purple eyes and some of them had blue eyes and he said they had all kinds of colors on their eye. He said, "But while I was looking at him," he said, "I heard a voice say, "Amen. This is what you already saw." He said, "Now here I was back in hell again." Now, come on, church. He was not in the pits of hell. He was standing in JC Penney. Now, I I know I know some of you brothers might get that credit card bill and think that place is from the pits of hell after your wife went shopping. And it's always amazed me. You you buy something, Brother Joe, and they tell you, you say $562, you know, well, I never was planning on spending the $562. Another sermon for another day. But they're standing there and he's looking and it's literally in hell. But he's not in hell to see hell. Hell's influence has taken on flesh. Let me say this. We are influenced by the environment that we live in. Brother said, "See like you live in the desert." Amen. It has an influence on your body. You see what it was when we become a Christian. Amen. The influence environment influences us. He said, "Now you just keep holding around with that kind of environment. It'll influence you and the first thing you know, you become a part of that environment." He said, "What happens is you just go right into it." He said just like a good clean man that's clean and moral but he begins to associate with a bunch of people who's not. He said see you take up oh God you take up the spirit of that. Listen you take up the spirit and everything is governed by a spirit. Now that's why the prophet said we are to discern and to try the spirits. Now I just got to say this. I believe as believers that our influence should not be coming from the underworld. I don't believe, amen, that our girls should be looking like JC Penney. What a prophet seen there. I don't think our boys should be looking like Hollywood stars. I believe the believer's influence is the word. The prophet of God said, "Let nothing be influence us but the word of God." See, amen. That is our influence. I want to say this. Whatever is influencing you has the preeminence of you, it has consumed you. Amen. But I'll say what the Bible said in Colossians 1:18, that Christ is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, who is the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. in the message to token 1963 he said I believe that we're now at the time that the word should have preeminence I believe that the time to lay aside our creeds and lay aside our thoughts and come back to the word I'll say this it's not just coming back to the Bible it's not just coming back and carrying the Bible it's coming to the revelation of the word which the revelation of the Word should take the preeminence in the body. Let me say this. Revelation is not education. Amen. Revelation is not head knowledge. Revelation is not a bunch of ideas put together. Revelation is spiritfilled truth. Brother said it very beautiful. He said, "Now here's what I want to tell you. The spirit of God makes the difference." How many agrees? Amen. The spirit of God makes the difference. He said, "Now the church without the spirit, amen, is nothing but the world with God's name attached to it." That's why Paul said in Ephesians 5:18, he said, "Be not drunk with wine wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit." Rebraham said, "Look why it's no wonder that Christianity is at one of its lowest es. the influence that the church people has placed upon the men that hasn't received Christ. Men wants to maintain their testimony and then live any way they want to. Amen. But that's the reason here a prophet that's the reason brother Brian that the Holy Spirit is such a must, a definite must in this day because it's the one that lives your life. You don't live it yourself. It's Christ in you. Then after you receive the Holy Spirit, if he doesn't have the preeminence in your life, then you just remember you haven't received the Holy Ghost. Cuz if he is in you, are you hearing me? Then he will live his own life. You're no more your own. When the Holy Ghost comes in, the Holy Ghost takes the preeminence in your life and you're no more your own. He said, "See, you are dead and your life is hidden God through Christ and you are sealed, amen, by the Holy Ghost. So there is no way at all for you to be yourself more what you were." Oh, glory. If a man ever gets the Holy Ghost, he no longer desires, Amen. to be what he was because there's been a change on the control tower of his soul. You say, "What is the Holy Ghost? Is it a shout? Is it a goosebump? Is it a good feeling? Is it a dance? The Holy Ghost is the influence of God that moves in the soul of a man and feels every fiber of his being and begins to guide him and govern him. Now, I know it's an age where nobody wants governors. Nobody wants nothing to check them. Nobody wants nobody to say anything about anything, you know. Amen. We just all got to we just all got to stay. No, we got to stand on the principles of the word of God. And the prophet of God said, "The Holy Spirit is the efficient source of any power, affection," Amen. emotion or desire. Now, I want to say this. Amen. God puts the desire there. Ain't that powerful? Amen. God puts the desire there. And when God puts that desire there, Brother Tom, he has a motive in putting it there. And he has the ability to produce it. I want to say this. The Apostle Paul says it like this. He says, "I keep under my body and bring it into subjection, lest by any means when I have preached to others that I myself should be a cast away." But remember said, "Especially after you have said and made your confession that you are a Christian," Amen. the people will want you that much more closer. Oh, mercy. And then that gives an influence to the people that's around about you. And we should watch what we do. We should watch what we say because if we produce the wrong influence, then we bring reproach not so much upon ourselves but upon what we claim to be, which is Christians. We bring it up on Christ. And no one if we would think you would never want to bring reproach upon Christ. But the wrong act at the wrong time will certainly cause a wrong reflection towards the person that's watching you. And everybody is watched especially when you profess to be a Christian. Now I want to say something very openly here. Amen. We're everyone human and we've everyone made mistakes and we've everyone got faults and failures. But I want to say this, the message of the hour, it must be more than a head knowledge. It must be a revelation. I'll say this, Satan don't mind you. Amen. Having the message. He does not want the message having an effect in and through you. Amen. That's why, Amen. the devil does everything he can, amen, to point out every fault and to show every mistake and to bring every little problem into our sight in the church is because the devil knows that Grace Tabernacle is not here just to be another church. We're not here just to be another building. But Jesus Christ, who is the same yesterday, today, and forever, has raised this church up to be an influence, to be a place where he can work through, where he can manifest himself through. And if the devil can get us under the wrong influence, now I'm going to say something, okay? Amen. What we say ought to be seasoned with the Holy Spirit. Now, I've seen people and all they do is talk about every problem in the church and everybody that done everything and every little funny thing and come on. I I've seen I've seen with my own eyes. I've seen people everything they talk about God is always connected to some little joke or some little humor or some little funny something. And now they got teenagers that ain't got a bit of interest in the house of God because all they know about church is the funny way brother so and so did this and the silly way somebody did that and the way somebody offended somebody. Hey, but listen. Amen. The Come on, church. It's not the worm on the outside that destroys the apple. It's the worm on the inside that destroys its own apple. And I pray God send the Holy Ghost into every one of our souls from the pulpit to the back door and send the Holy Ghost bridal upon our tongues. And let the Holy Ghost bridle the things we say. Come on. I know. Amen. Somebody said, "Well, ain't nobody going to check what I'm going to say." I say we need a filter back in every one of our mouths. Amen. Back in every one of our young people that we filter what we say before we say it because it's having an influence. Well, you might as well preach. I'm going to preach. Amen. It's having an influence and we've everyone made mistakes. Amen. We've everyone fell short. But somewhere or another, if we're going to keep building, if we're going to keep growing, Amen. Quit letting everything everybody hears about your church be some funny something or or somebody. Amen. I say throw all that away and bring back the sincerity and the truth and the joy in serving God. Yes, sir. Amen. I'll tell you what, Grace Tabernacle, we got a beautiful building. We got a beautiful sign out there. We got a beautiful group of people sitting here. But the best influence of this church is not that sign on the road. Come on, church. Brother said there was a boy come in the barroom one day and he told the bartender, he said, "Sir," he said, "you're your sign is down." Brother said, the bartender said, "Thank you." So he went out there, bro, Peter, he took his he took his apron up and he dusted the bar sign off. He come back in there. He said, "No, boy." He said, "My sign's fine." He said, "Just had a little dust on it." But boy said, "I'm sorry, sir." Amen. I didn't mean that sign. I meant your best sign. He said, "Well, that's the best sign I got." He said, "No, sir." He said, "The best sign you got is the drunk that's laying down there in the gutter because he's under the influence of what you're selling on the inside." And when we see a man under the influence of the Holy Spirit until his life is burning with an old-fashioned Pentecostal fire, that's the best sign ever. Let God save the man when he will serve. It's the best sign. Oh, I say God. Amen. Let every one of our signs become more than just church signs. Let them become the best signs. Let our young people be the best signs of Grace Tabernacle. Let our marriages, let our families, let our preachers, let our Hallelujah. Let our musicians be the best sign of the church of the living God. You say, "What are you talking about? The best sign of the message?" I'll tell you what the best sign of the message is is a believer under the influence of what it speaks of. This okay, pastor. uh the believer under the influence. Now you say, "What is the message?" I'll say this. It ain't a bunch of preachers and it ain't a bunch of personalities and it ain't a bunch of better eyes and little 's. The message is an announcement from God that he is fulfilling his word. I love what Peter said in Acts two. Brother, brother brother Maddie stood up with the 11 and he lifted up his voice and he said unto them, "Ye men of Judah and all who dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you and hearken to my words. For these are not drunk," oh God, for these are not drunk as ye suppose, seeing it is, but the third hour of the day. Can I say this? But this is that. Somebody say, "This is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel." But remember said, "This is that which was spoken of." See, right back to the word again, showing that the spirit is still word and the word is still spirit, the word of God. So folks, the message is more than just a bunch of preachers. It's more than just people wearing suits and ties and a bunch of religious folks. And y'all heard me say it before. I'm gonna say it again. I'm done with religion. I'm done with religion. And I'm done with religious spirits are some of the most evil, most corrupt spirits you'll ever meet. I don't want a religion. I want a revelation. Because religion produces division. And religion produces respective persons. And religion produces big eyes's and little 's. You don't know what I know and you ain't done what I done. But you know what Revelation does? It gets everybody drunk the same way. Glory. The Bible said in Revelation 6, I heard a voice when the third seal was open, and that voice said, "See thou, hurt not the oil." Hurt not the oil and hurt not the wine. Amen. Now, somebody say, "Goodness gracious, a preacher preaching about oil." Well, that's one thing, but you start talking about wine. Yeah, that fix a lot of our problems is some wine. But not the kind you pay $1,000 for to put in your refrigerator and drink when your so-called stomach hurts. Come on, somebody. Amen. The wine of the word of God. Oil represents the Holy Ghost and wine represents the stimulation of the revelation. He said when the truth of the promised word of God has been truly revealed to his saints that's filled with oil, they get stimulated. Amen. Wine is a stimulation. Glory. I feel it right now. Stimulated with joy and shouts. And when it does, it has the same effect upon them that wine does upon a natural man. Because when the revelation has been given of the truth of God and the true believer filled with oil and the revelation is revealed, the stimulation becomes so great that he makes him save himself unnormally. Well, glory to God. He said, "See, and that's what's the matter with them now. It's making them behave theirel unseemingly." Y'all remember Brother David Siler's sermon? We need a drunk church. Come on. I know we're trying to fix a lot of problems, but the way to fix it is get everybody drunk. Glory to God. Get everybody drunk again. And you get somebody drunk. Brother Harvey, they love everybody. Yeah. Come on. You want to fix your little ill feelings between you and somebody else? Get drunk one time and it'll fix that ill feeling. Well, glory to God. I'm going to preach or bust. Amen. You can't shout no more. Amen. Get drunk. You've been sober too long. You've been sober long enough to see everybody's problem and everybody's mistake. But what you need to do is somebody pass the bottle again in the house of God and get drunk on the word of God. Y'all know what a drunk man does? A drunk man gets drunk and starts thinking he can do things that nobody else knows he or thinks he can do. Y'all have heard me tell it before. I was a I was a little kid, brother brother Frank. I was a little kid. I don't know how old I was, but my great-grandfather picked me up from school and he there was a there was liquor store right across from the elementary school. Good combination, right? So, we're sitting there in the truck one day and he said, "Man, that's crazy. They got a liquor store there." And brother Jonah, there was a little old woman. She was all about 5' three or 4 foot three. I mean, she was little nothing. And she about as big as I don't know what, probably a toothpick. And brother Mash, she come out there carrying two big old banks and she's walking like this. And I never will forget it. My granddaddy looked over at me. He said, "I'll tell you what she going to do, son. She going to go home and drink all that and she going to get so drunk she'll lay in the floor and she'll stare at that wall and say, "I'll climb it if it takes me all night. Now you're laughing at that. Amen. But you know what? That could fix some problems in this church. Just let it be spiritual wine. Come out carrying two bags. The Old Testament and the New Testament. Come out carrying the promises of God. And look at every devil and say, "I'll whip you if it's the last thing I do. I'll whip that perversion. I'll whip that alcohol. I'll whip that pornography. I'll whip that drug. I'll whip that lust. I'll whip that cigarette. I'll whip that devil. I'll whip that depression. I'll whip that complex. I'll whip that suicidal devil. I'll whip that old ungodly, anxiety, nervous devil that has crawled up out of the pits of hell. If it's the last thing I do, I have been anointed under the influence of the word of God. Hallelujah. The world is under the influence of darkness, but the bride is under the influence of light. Now, get get drunk. Not only do you love everybody, but you start claiming stuff. Y'all have heard this before. Get a man drunk in somebody else's house. That's my pickup. That's my refrigerator. That's my gun. That's my television that shouldn't be there. Well, they going quiet on that one. Come on. Amen. He starts claiming stuff because he's underneath the influence. He's under an intoxication. Oh, church of the living God. What would happen if we would get so drunk on the Holy Ghost that we would start claiming our children and we would start claiming our families and we would start claiming our revival and we would start claiming peace and joy. What would happen in this church if we would get so drunk? We would start claiming restoration for every person. Hallelujah. I'm not backing up to that devil. What would happen if we would get so influenced on the message of the hour that we would begin to incl. Now, I'll just say this. The message is here. We're not looking for a message. We have a message. I I'll say this. And the message is the revelation. The Holy Ghost is the oil and the wine is here to stimulate the believer. Now, I know sometimes we say things and maybe some of you here this morning are not familiar with maybe the some of the things I'm saying and that's okay. But we say things about about a prophet and about about brother Brandham and things about that. I want to say this and many times because of the influence from the underworld, people have began to label us a cult or they've labeled us a bunch of man followers or then they'll call you brandites or all these other things. And let me just say this, I'm not a brand. I'm a Christian. Hello. I'm a son of God. I'm a child of God. I'm not following a bunch of a bunch of personalities. I'm following the word revealed by a prophet. You say, "Now, have you got scripture on that?" I do. It's Acts the third or Amos the third chapter. Surely the Lord God will do nothing except he revealed his secrets unto his servants, the prophets. So, and I'll just say this rather than rather than living with all these questions. Amen. Sometime find somebody and just sit down and talk to them and say, "What do you mean by this?" And what do you mean by that? Amen. And whip that devil is trying to influence you to believe that this message is a bunch of cultist ideas and let him show you that it's coming from the Bible. Now, I don't have time this morning. Amen. Amen. To go through all the scriptures, but I just want to use this one this morning because we we have an event. I don't know if you can put that first picture up. Amen. We have an event that we talk about often. Amen. That happened in 1933 on the Ohio River. And there you will see that brother Brandham is baptizing people on the Ohio River in 1933. Now this is actually not the 17th person. Brother David, I found it amazing. This actually happened just a few days ago in 1933. On June the 11th, 1933, the prophet of God was baptizing the 17th person. And the person he was going to baptize was a man named Edward Calvin. Now that's not Edward. I believe that's a sister there. But he's about to baptize them. And and and there's news articles that show that there were thousands of believers, hundreds and thousands of believers standing at the foot of Spring Street. I've been there. You've probably been there yourself. You can drive right down there to the foot of Spring Street in Jeffersonville. There's the Ohio River. And they're baptizing. And Brother said like this. He said, "All of a sudden, that light came out of the skies as a pillar of fire." Brother Matt preached a beautiful sermon today on the pillar of fire. If you ain't heard it, go listen to it. Amen. the pillar of fire comes down. And he said there were some that ran. And he said there were some that stayed. Now I love this, brother Joel, because the ones that ran did not hear what the pillar of fire said. He said, "But those that stayed heard what it said." And here's what it said. As John the Baptist was sent to forerun the first coming of Christ, your message will forrun the second coming of Christ. Now, somebody say, "Amen. That's not scriptural. You cannot prove by the Bible that a pillar of fire come out of the skies and had a voice and spoke to a man on the river. But in Deuteronomy the 4th chapter and the 36th verse, it says, "Out of heaven he made thee to hear his voice that he might instruct thee, and upon earth he showed thee his great fire." Listen. And thou heardest his words. Oh, church. Thou heardest his words. Brother Bobby, out of the midst of the fire. Now, the prophet God said, "Listen, before I adjure you before Christ and you hold not your peace, but if you were spiritual, you would understand." Don't you know the very first thing he said down there on the river? Don't you remember what he said as John the Baptist was sent to forerun the first coming of Christ? Your message. Now, somebody say message. Yes, it's the message that will forrun the second coming of Christ. That's what the angel of the Lord said. Now, notice as John the Baptist, you all that have read the books, you've heard the people that was standing there hearing it and everything else. When that angel itself spoke that message as John the Baptist was sent to forerrun the first coming of Christ, you're sent with this message which will forrun the second coming of Christ. He said now the message he said and I believe that I have the message of the day. I believe that it is the light of the day and I believe it's pointing to that time coming. You see, I believe that the message that he said down there, it's the message that you have. So this morning, folks, we're not looking for a message. We're not looking for a message. As a matter of fact, we have a message. It's a vindicated message. Can I tell you something? It's the token message. Can I tell you something? It didn't come from the underworld, brother Charles. It come from the above world. It didn't say up out of hell came a light and spoke. It said out of heaven came a pillar of fire and it said these words. As John the Baptist was sent to forrun the first coming, your message will forrun the second coming. Oh, can I say this this morning? We ought to be eating this message. We ought to be endeavoring in this message because it's the token message. Now, Exodus 12 says this, "I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and I will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast, and against all the gods of Egypt, I will execute judgment. I am the Lord." Now, listen to this. And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where you are. Now, can I say what the Bible says? And when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you when I smacked the land of Egypt. Look at this word token. It's a sign. It's a signal. It's a distinguishing mark. It's a banner. It's a remembrance. It's a warning. It's an in sign. It's a miracle. It's a proof. The prophet of God said, "What is a token? It's a sign of a fair price that has been paid." He said, "Now, Israel lamb slain was Jehovah's required token. It must be the blood." And God made a token and give it to Israel. Listen. and no other token will work. See, it cannot be recognized. Now, I love what the prophet says. He said, "To the world, the token is foolishness, but to God, brother Don, it's the only way." He said, "Then you are a possessor of the token which gives you the privilege of a free pass. When I see the blood, I will pass over you." What a time, what a privilege to know that you pack within you the past. Oh God, when you pack within you the past, he said, no matter how much righteous they was, how good they was, how much education they had, how they dressed, the token was the only thing. He said, now see, the blood was the token. Listen, the blood of the animal was the token in Israel's day, but the animal didn't have a soul. So, he could not come back upon the worshipper. But the prophet of God says, "But today, the token now is the baptism." Today, the token now is the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Listen. And the token must be on display. Now the token which is the life that was in Christ is now in those who are under the token. Now I want to say this to you because somebody might say why do you all emphasize so heavy on a message? Well the father of God said this. He said this is the evening time of the age. Amen. This is the evening time for the church. This is the evening time for me. Listen, this is the evening time of my message. I'm dying. I'm going. I'm moving out in the evening time of the gospel. And we've come up through justification and so forth. But this is the time that the token has to be applied. Now listen, animal blood couldn't come back upon the worshipper because the animal life did not have a soul. But now in this glorious place under this covenant, there is a difference between the blood and the life. The token for the believer today is the Holy Ghost. It's not a blood. It's not a chemistry. It's the Holy Spirit of God. That is the token that God requires for the church today. Listen. So the token which is the Holy Ghost is our identification. Oh, he says, "What a positive token." Amen. Now listen, what a positive token. He said, "There cannot be any more token if you could catch the thought of it. If I had the power this morning with words to express and place into your soul, on the inside of you, not your ears, but your soul, and you could see the guarantee of it." Amen. Oh church of the living God, this token is the bringing of a guarantee into the soul of a believer that when the death angel which is coming right now begins to pass through the land, there will be a people who is underneath the blood and the angel of death cannot cross over that blood. You would see the guarantee of it. Now, now can I preach a second? Is that okay? You would see it. You would see the guarantee of it. Can I say it? It would make you so relaxed. I don't think we got a problem with that. It's an age of relaxation. Yeah, under the token, brother Brian, it would make you so relaxed. But can I tell y'all something? There's a big difference in being relaxed and being lazy. So, I ask y'all if I could preach a second. There's a big difference in being relaxed and being lazy. You say, "There ain't a big difference." I took time to look it up. Relaxation and laziness, while both involving reduced activity, differ significantly in their nature and purpose. Relaxation is a state of restfulness, often actively chosen to recharge and recover from effort. While laziness is characterized, by a lack of motivation, all right, and unwillingness to exert effort even when tasks need to be done. Essentially, relaxation is a temporary state that can be beneficial while laziness is a more persistent pattern. of avoiding work or responsibility. Now I'm this close to it. I might as well preach. It's Father's Day. [Applause] Can I preach? They be glad their dad don't have the work effort they got. starve to death. [Music] Come on, folks. Video games till 12:00 at night and 2 and 3 in the morning and texting. And come on, somebody. Amen. Face involved in everything. Well, we might as well preach it Sunday morning. Sleep half the day awake. Wake up at 3:00 and try to mow the yard. Come on now. Come on. Where would your family be if your daddy acted like that? I there you'd be. You'd be down there in the poverty line trying to find something to eat. Well, we're in the message and we're spiritual. Listen, the message didn't come to make us lazy. That devil's already been through the land and it didn't work. It was called 1977 and the Lord is coming. So, let's sell everything we got. Let's quit our jobs, spend our 401ks because the Lord is coming in 1977. But I'll tell you what a prophet said. He said, "Is this okay? If you have the real revelation of the Holy Ghost in your soul, he said you'll be planting your potatoes on the morning of the rapture. He said, "And when the rapture happens, you will drop the hole and you'll take off with the Lord." This token message did not come to make a bunch of lazy church members just floss up in the clouds and don't have no ambition. Well, we might as well preach. It's time to be real displays of what character is. Come on. Well, brother Andrew, I don't think it matters. Amen. Amen. I tell you what don't matter, Amen. is your opinion and mine. But what does matter is the word. Yes, sir. Now, can I go on a step further? Laziness. And when it's in the natural. Oh, God. I have to pick this up later. When it's in the natural, it'll eventually show up in the spiritual. Yes, sir. When everything's left undone in the natural. Yes, sir. Before long, it's going to show up. I'm not going to preach all day. I may need bodyguard. Brother Morgan, you be my bodyguard today. Eventually, it's going to show up in the spiritual. Look at this. To choose now, now come on. You don't just become lazy. You choose it. [Music] To choose laziness is to escape. Oh God, I'm getting in trouble. Sure as the world. To choose laziness is to escape and give in to sympathy. Well, poor pitiful me. If it wasn't for bad luck, I wouldn't have no luck at all. And if anything bad was going to happen to anybody, it's going to happen to me. [Applause] Are you going to church? Ain't no use in going because everything is going wrong and every problem and everything's getting better and I think I'm just gonna stay at home in bed in my pajamas and sleep till three o'clock and get up. Funny people can't go to church but they're ready to fellowship around 2:00. God, I guess it's the evangelist coming out. I don't know. Are you hearing me? You chose that lazy spirit and you just gave into it. But listen, relax means to rest, but actively engage. So if you're lazy, you just give into the excuse. Well, my daddy was this way and my grandpa was this way and my great great grandpa and great great great great great all the way back to Geronimo was this way. And because they were that way, I guess I'll be this way. I refuse to allow this token message to become a lazy message in the church of the living God. I don't care what your great grandpa was. I don't care what your great grandma was. If there's a gene seat of God in your soul, God has given you a sword and he's given you the strength and he's given you the ability to rise up and rebuke that lazy devil and start fighting back for the promises of God. Well, somebody shout, "Amen." It's a lazy devil to lay down and say, "Well, we got the message." And I'm just going to close right here. Brother Ben gets up here. Everybody happy to be in church tonight? Yeah. Brother Ben, God done anything for anybody? Yeah. Brother Matt gets up here. Ain't God good? [Applause] Come on. Y'all pray for me. I'll hold out. Now, come on, folks. I'm not talking about a message. I'm talking about a token message. And you can't be lazy with this token. There's never one time you got a reason not to give God praise. I don't care how bad things are. I don't care what devils you face. I don't care what spirits have come against you. If you got a breath in your body and you got a soul with a seed on the inside of it, I don't care how dark the midnight may be. I want to prophesy the word of the Lord. It may be dark and crying may be enduring for the night, but joy is going to come in the morning. I say it's time to kick out that lazy spirit. It's time to kick it out of our natural lives. Come on. We got boys running around wanting to get married, don't even have jobs. It's time to kick it out. Amen. Amen. I want to be this and I want to be successful and don't want to spend any time in the things of God. It's time to kick out them lazy devils. It's time to kick them out naturally. And it's time to kick them out spiritually. And it's time to lose the spirit of rebellion when somebody has grace to tell you where you're wrong. You may want me to leave for another two weeks. Now, I'm going to close on this. Say, "Glory to God." You say, "You're just trying to be mean." No, I'm trying to be helpful. Time to get some spiritual ambition. Not just natural, but some spiritual. If you get it in the natural, you're going to get in the spiritual. Now, there was a father in Israel, and there was a firstborn son in Israel. And there was a prophet, Moses in Israel, who said, "The death angel's coming." Now you say, "Brother Andrew, our young people don't need this kind of preaching." Well, I beg to differ with you. Cuz our young boys are going to grow up and be the leaders of the churches. We got young girls sitting right here that no doubt will be preachers wives or will be Sunday school teachers. Come on. I don't believe you're the church of tomorrow. I believe you're the church of today. That's why I believe in investing the word into this generation. So, here's the father. Here's the firstborn son. And here's and I got it right here. I'm not going to read it to you. I'm going to preach it to you. And here's the death angel. And he's going to come through the land. But they heard a prophet Moses's message. And Moses said these words. He said, "When the death angel comes, you take that blood, Brother Harvey, from that lamb and you put it above the door and you put it on the sides of the door. And when that death angel comes through your neighborhood, Brother Dave Paul, it's a powerful thing. When that death angel comes through your neighborhood, when the death angel sees that you put forth some effort, when that death angel sees that you didn't just have the blood, but you applied the blood, when that death angel sees the blood, he's going to pass over your house because of what you're under. Brother said like this. He said, "Only thing they had was the promise of the prophet Moses's words." Now, now I just got to illustrate it to you the way Brother Bram does it. He says it like this, Brother Brian. He says, "The mamas are out in the road and they're screaming because their babies are dead." He said, "There's there's death all over the land. It's laying in the streets. It's laying in the houses and there's a little boy in there and the whole house can hear the screams of the death angel. Yeah, I I'll pick this up next time. They can hear the screams of the deaf angel. But listen what the prophet says. He says, "And the little boy runs over to his daddy and his daddy is sitting there reading the scriptures." Now, he wasn't scrolling or he'd have been lazy. Oh, God. He was reading the scriptures. And when that little boy said, "Daddy, my best friend just died." Daddy, little Johnny down the road just died. Daddy, do you see all the death in the land and you're just sitting there reading the scripture? He said, "Yes, because I believed what the prophet Moses told us." He told us if we would take the blood and put it over that door. He said, "Daddy, can you go check again?" He said, "Son, I don't need to go check again because I know the blood is over the door." He said, "Daddy, what if it rains?" He said, "The rain won't affect this blood." He said, "Daddy, what if a storm comes through and the wind blows?" He said, "The wind won't affect this blood." Hallelujah. He said, "Daddy, are you sure?" He said, "Son, I'm sure." He said, "Did you get somebody else to put it there? Did you get the pastor to do all the studying? Did you get the pastor to do all the reading? Did you get the pastor to do all the praying? Did you get the song leader to do all the worshiping? No, son. I did it myself. I did it myself. I've put the blood above the door myself. And I know I know when the death angel comes, it's going to pass over us. Let me say this to you. It's one thing to have the blood. It's another thing to apply it. Can I just get it out there and say it? It's one thing to have the message. It's another thing to apply it. Brother Ram said there was a man standing down there kind of kicked back. I believe Moses. I believe Jehovah. I believe the message. I believe that message. Bless God. But I can tell you when it happened and where I was when it said problem was the blood wasn't on his door. Come on. He said the true evidence you believe the message is when you put forth the effort. Y'all know obedience takes effort, right? When you put forth the effort and apply the blood. Listen, I want to say this very plainly this morning. You after somebody. I'm after nobody but the devil. But I think it's time to kick out the lazy spirit with the message of the hour. I think it's past time. Well, brother Andrew, I come out of this church and I come out of this situation. They taught things this way and it was this way and everything was it's time to come out of the lazy excuses. Now, brother Re said that had a lot of messages, but this was the message of the hour. Apply the blood. Amen. Now, I'll say this to you. In this hour we're living, it's going to take more than just a couple services a week. Yes, sir. It's going to take more than just a good shouting time at youth camp. It's going to take more than just a good convention every now and again. It's going to take the token. And it's going to take somebody coming under the influence. You say, "Brother Andrew, I don't I don't know how in the world I can change these situations. I don't know how in the world I can fix all these problems." And maybe you're sitting here and the words got near your near something this morning and you're sitting there and you're saying, "Brother Andrew, I I don't know. I can't fix it. I'm I'm this is the way it's been and my daddy battled this and my mama battled this and I'm I'm slowing down here on purpose because because we're living in an age where everybody has an excuse. It's an age where everybody that don't want to do something just don't do it, Sister Cindy. And then they want to change you for believing the way you believe. And because it's an age of excuses. It's an age of laziness. It's an age where it's easier just to give in and get everybody to feel sorry for you than to stand up and fight back against the demons that's trying to destroy you. Can I say this to you? Brother said like this. He said this. He said, "I was over in Germany." He said, "I was over there preaching." He said, "I was in a war torn country." He said, "They were shooting at each other. They were fighting. I don't have time. You can listen to it in the tape, the supernatural." But he said, "I'm there and I'm preaching." And he said, "It's real cold and it's real indifferent." And he said, "The atmosphere is real hard." He said, "It's really" He said, "It's a real it's a real uh uh starchy, stiff, not really believing in the supernatural, the movement of God and things." He said, "I'm in this atmosphere." And he said, "Nothing's breaking in the meetings." He said, "But the supernatural came in the building." Oh, God. Brother Brian. He said, "The supernatural came in the building." And he said there was a little girl there and he said the spirit of God moved over her heart and she was instantly healed. He said when she was healed, he said the power of God dropped into the building. I want you to catch this. He said, "Here's a nation under political influence." He said, "It's hard. It's cold, Brother Wesley. They're shooting at each other. They're fighting each other." He said, "Under that political influence." He said, "They're enemies." He said, "But when the power of God come across the platform and healed that little girl," he said there was a heavenly influence. He said that filled the entire building. He said, "When that heavenly influence filled the building," he said, "All of a sudden, the presence of God," Brother Harvey, it paralyzed every devil, it paralyzed every demon. And he said, "I turned and looked and he said, under that influence of the heavenly atmosphere," he said, "people that just a few minutes ago would have been shooting at each other from a political influence from the underworld," he said, now had their arms around each other and they were praising God. You say, "Preacher, what are you getting at?" I'm saying this. It's time to get under the influence of the token message and let it paralyze every excuse. Let it paralyze every voice of the enemy and give you a liberty to believe God is greater. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? You said, "Brother Andrew, surely surely this can't be. Surely, surely, surely we can't get lazy with the message. Surely, surely, Brother Andrew, as much as as much as we know and as much as we've got and as much revelation has been revealed, surely we can't get lazy with it. Where much is getting, much is required. Listen, I'll sit from the depths of my heart with love in my soul and confidence behind what I'm saying. We start making excuses. Well, it's okay to do this and it's okay to do that and it's okay to cut this corner and this is okay because, you know, so and so was unbalanced on that and this is okay because so and so is I just just be honest with you. We're getting lazy. Amen. We're getting lazy with the message. Amen. when things start coming back in that you can read hundreds of quotes a prophet of God taught against or get lazy with the message but I don't want to be lazy I want to be relaxed I want to be relaxed you love him this morning how many can say Lord I want to be relaxed I don't want to be lazy I want to pursue the things of God I want to be an eagle You know what the prophet of God said? I I've got a quote on it. I didn't read it to you, but he said he said this age, he said the hawks, he said they gotten soft and they got lazy. He said they quit hunting for that for that meat. They quit hunting for that fresh kill. They quit hunting in the message and they just got a little lazy, you know. But I don't want to be lazy. I want to be relaxed. Lord, I want that rest of the Holy Spirit in my soul. Now listen, I'll say this. I believe we got the cream of crop when it comes to young people. Anybody agree with me? I tell you one thing. Some of these young people have been through things that elders have not even faced. Can I just say it? Seen things around the message people should never see. heard and fought and battled things that people should never have to face, but they're in the house of God and they're praising God. And because somewhere there's a little flaw or a little error or a little area that there can be some room on, how about we invest, folks? It's getting quiet here. I don't know why. How about we invest in those areas? Somebody say, "Well, I seen so and so doing this, and I seen so and so doing that, and I seen so and so looking like this, and let's just throw them away." No. Why don't we go pick them up and invest in them? Why don't we take some time and say, "Here, here's what a prophet said. And the potentials is in you to manifest this." Listen, I don't believe I don't believe this message come to make us lazy. I believe it come to make us relaxed. Maybe maybe Wednesday I'll get on Rahab the influencer. But I believe it's time to apply the token. Can I tell you what a prophet said? He said, "You asked me, brother Brandham, how do you apply the token?" He said, "I'm going to tell you." Are you ready for it? He said, "Clean out the houses." Yes, sir. Clean out the closets. Clean off the tables. Kick out things that's ungodly. And he said, "Apply the token over that home." Listen, the death angels in the land. Spiritual death is striking. But there's a message and it's a message of power. It's a message of authority. Friends, I don't know about you this morning. I want to run to the token message. I wonder this morning, ever head bowed, ever eye closed. No one looking around. I wonder if there'll be one here this morning can say, "Lord, I hear your word speaking to me. There's areas I've gotten I've gotten lazy in. There's areas I've I thought I was relaxed, but I really wasn't relaxed. I was lazy. I let hurts and I let I let failures and I let disappointments take the very courage of God out of my soul and out of my spirit. But this morning, Lord, this morning, I want that blood to be applied to my life. I don't want to live under the influence of the underworld any longer. I don't want to live under the influence of Leodysia any longer this morning. Lord, I want to come underneath the influence of this token message. Change me, oh God. Listen, I know this morning, I know there's been hurts and there's been letd downs and there's been all kinds of things, but friends, I wish I had the ability this morning, as the prophet said, he said, "I wish I had the ability to place into you the guarantee of this token, not just in your ears this morning." And as a as a minister, as a man of God standing here this morning, I wish I had the ability, but I rely upon the spirit this morning. I wish I had the ability to know these things were being placed beyond just your ears, but they were being placed into your soul this morning, friends. The Holy Spirit is in this building. If you strayed, if you've gotten lazy with your walk with God, if you've made a mistake and you've made a failure and you've made a shortcoming, do not lay down in the laziness of that and give into that empathy and give into that excuse. There's a blood here this morning and there's power in that blood. There's strength in that blood this morning. Almighty God, all across this building this morning, honest hearts and sincere hearts are being opened before you this morning. And Father, I know in a service like this this morning that the enemy would love to come in and manipulate the way the believers would hear things said or twist things this morning. But Father, you know from my heart that I've said these things not out of prejudice, but as your prophet said, I've said it for the cause of truth. Now, Lord, this morning, I know we're living in an age where the prophet of God said identities are being changed. He said the the eagles are being tried to reduce down to just hawks and soft and lazy compromising. But this morning, Lord, I believe the token message is calling a challenge to the church this morning. Father, we don't just want to be challenged in our doctrine. And Lord, we don't just want to be strong in our ability to shout or dance or rejoice. But Father, the character of the church, the beauty of the church is the character of the people that make it up. Now this morning, Lord, we're not standing here with just fly by night, haphazard people. Lord, I'm standing in front of warriors this morning. I'm standing before sons and daughters of yours that have been purchased by your blood. But Lord, we're ever one from the pulpit to the back door, from the eldest to the youngest. Lord, this morning, we're ever won in a battle, Lord. It's a battle to stay on fire. It's a It's a battle to press against the enemy. It's a battle to fight against the mind battles, Lord. It's a it's an age, Lord, where mamas and daddies are are waring like never before against the influences of the underworld that are trying to captivate the lives of their children, Lord. Oh God, it's an age where marriages are fighting to save life, Lord. It's an age where where churches are fighting, Lord, and they're fighting, Lord, just to stay above the pressures. But Lord, this morning, I'm so thankful to be identified with a group of believers like right here at Grace Tabernacle. Lord, we're fighting, but we're not giving in. Lord, Lord, the influences of hell are streaming through this land and they're taking over. But Lord, I'm so thankful there's some mamas and daddies here this morning. Lord, on this Father's Day, I'm so thankful there's some Holy Ghost fililled fathers in this building, Lord, that are not laying down to the pressures of the age and laying down to the voices of of of manipulation and the voices of criticism from the underworld, but Lord, they're taking their stand as the as the head of the home, as the protector, as the provider, as the as the spiritual leader of that home, and they're standing there between that family and the outside world and those influences, and they're saying the world will have no influence in my home. Oh God, I pray this morning you would restore the strength of every father here today, Lord. Father, I pray for every mother, Lord, as as that fifth gospel, Lord. fathers are standing between their their their kids and that and that influences oh God Lord when the influencers have come into families into homes and Lord that that don't even know they're there until they start showing up in in character and in in in language and the way that things are being said and done. Oh God, this morning, may this be the day, Father. May this be the day that the token message be applied to every home, be put over every family in the name of Jesus Christ. In the name of Jesus Christ, I wonder this morning with every head bowed, every eye closed, no one looking around, just you and the Lord right now, I wonder if you could just zip your hands up and say, "Lord, remember me. I hear your word speaking to me this morning. I hear your word challenging me this morning." Now I I can stand here today and from my heart I can say the Lord is gracious. The Lord is merciful. He loves us enough this morning to come by our way and speak these things to our hearts. Now the prophet of God said it this way. He said, "I have delivered it unto you. Now what will you do with it?" My brother, my sister, this morning as the Holy Spirit is settled over this building. I've delivered the things that God laid upon my heart. Now, what will you do with it? Will it be another service? Will it be another sermon for brother Andrew? Or will it be a challenge? Will it be a will it be a will it be a a shaking to say, "Lord, I thank you for loving me enough to shake this old leoty and laziness off. I don't want to get lazy with this word, Lord. Lord, I don't want to get lazy with my prayer life. Lord, I don't want to get lazy with my study. Lord, I say to you parents here this morning, God bless you. You fight through hell to bring them babies to church and you you fight through all kinds of pressures. I see him here on Wednesdays fighting the devil to get here. But I say, God bless you. I say, God bless you. though it takes a long time to get ready and all kinds of things going wrong and all kinds of problems, but you fight through it and find yourself in the house of God, you're influencing church attendance and those babies. And I say, God bless you this morning. I say, God bless you fathers here today that when something goes wrong, you don't just lay down and say, "We ain't going to church." But you influence your kids to know that no matter how bad things are, if we can just get in the house of God and get in his presence, things will change. I say, God bless you, young people. All hell against you, the lid of hell come off and demon power streaming up on you, but yet you still rise up and find yourself in the house of God. No doubt, stand up here and and sing and the devil battling your mind. I say God bless you. I say God bless you this morning. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. You can use me. How many this morning say, "Lord, I give myself away to you. [Music] Give myself so you can use me. Here I am. Here I am. Here I standord my life is in your hands. Lord. How many is wrong in this morning? to see the desires of God revealed. [Music] Oh yes. I mean this morning I say, "Lord, I'm sorry. Forgive me this morning, Lord. I can raise my hands. I can say, "Lord, forgive me for areas that I've gotten lazy." And Lord, I don't want to be a lazy Christian. I want to be a relaxed Christian. Hallelujah. Oh, yes. Oh, take my heart. How many gifts it to him this morning? The living Oh my dreams. What about it this morning? All my plans, Lord, I place them. I place them in your hands. [Music] I give myself away. I give myself away. Oh yes. I give myself away. Give myself away. Oh yes. [Music] How many can from the depths of your soul this morning say, "I want to be the best. I want to be the best. I give myself to you. [Music] All this I belong. I give myself to you." You know this morning, you know, Brother Bram actually tells us something. He says, he says he went in there one day and I think it's Billy Paul actually gives a testimony. Speaking this morning on the best sign of the church. He said, I walked in there one morning. He said, Billy Paul tells the testimony. He said, "Daddy looked at me. He said, now Billy," he said, "Whatever you going to be in life, be the best at it." He said, "Whatever you're going to be, be the best at it." Now, kind of comical, but he said this, Brother Joe. He said, "Daddy," looked at me and he said, "Billy, if you're going to be a bum," he said, "Be the best one there ever was." He said, "Daddy, how in the world am I going to do that?" He said, "Billy, don't strike a lick at nothing." Said, "Be the best bum there ever was." He said, "But if you're going to be a Christian," he said, "Be the best Christian there ever was." In other words, whatever you do, put all your heart into it. Make it the best. That bartender down there is going to have a sign. Forget that neon sign. Let that man that got under the influence of what he was selling be the best sign. How many this morning can say, Lord, I want to be the best sign of this church. I claim it this morning for my life. I want to be the best sign of this church. I want people to see me spiritually drunk influenced and intoxicated. When I say something about this assembly, I want to talk about the powerful things that God has done and the miraculous things. Listen, it's time to apply the token. It's time to apply the token this morning. God bless you today. I pray something's been said to help you, to bless you. Amen. Amen. I Lord willing, we'll pick it up Wednesday. You love him this morning. Amen. Let's sing it as our pastor comes. Just place your life in his hands today. Friends, I challenge you. Go home and break open your Bible. Break open them tapes. Get back in the word of God. Get underneath the influence of this message in Jesus name. God bless you. myself. [Music] Take my life. Take my life as a livinging sacrifice. Oh my dreams, all my plans. Lord, my life is in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. For my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. For my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. For my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Healing is he. [Music] Healing is here. Healing is here. Yes, my Lord. I receive it. Yes, healing is here. [Music] Healing is healing. I said healing is here. Yes, my Lord. I believe it. So I lift my hands toward the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you. You're my rock, my healer. I trust in you. I say I lift my hands [Applause] for the heaven. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you. You're my rock, my healer. I trust in you. I know healing is here. Healing is here. [Music] Healing is here, Lord. And I receive it. I say [Music] healing is healing. [Music] Healing is here. [Music] Healing is here, [Music] Lord. I believe he's in the house. Death has to flee. And now there is a life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I'll praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. house. Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. Then he took her by the hand. She began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Others begin to say, "He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more doubt. So I'll praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house and death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more doubt. Praise his name. I'll praise his name. He's in the house. You're like that little girl who didn't know our sins. Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. Amen. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me. All the world to see. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? How many say he's worthy to be praised? Amen. How many enjoyed that message this morning? What a great Father's Day message. So, how many enjoyed that? Was it a blessing to you this morning for the Lord to come by and speak to our hearts? And I know it's was drawn late this morning and just want to allow everybody to be able to go and have fellowship and I know maybe have some things planned today and also want to remember our youth as we're going on our trip uh in the morning. Be back on Wednesday. So you'll keep all of those that's traveling your prayer. I think we have six a little over 60 people that are going on the youth trip. So we're going to have a wonderful time and looking forward to fellowshipping and all that with the with the young kids. So um I just just want to say this tonight and or or the this this afternoon and and really appreciate what brother Andrew had to say. I appreciate his stand on the message and and you know I want to maybe kind of leave you this as a parting thought and I know there may be some that you know invited different family members and things that are come but this this uh message of brother Andrew is preaching this morning has changed my life. It's changed my uh my family. It took us uh from being lost and serving the world and had no direction to serve God. and it turned my life around and brought me back to the Bible and I believe that's what its intention was. Even even the prophet would say himself, he said the purpose of this message is one thing. It's redemption and I believe it it's fulfilled its purpose. I wonder how many is a testimony of that today. It's the the purchased blood of Jesus Christ. I can give you a real short version to take with you in parting words is is that the very the very thing that it does is what it's always done since the time that Jesus first spoke these words out of his mouth that every disciple that picked up that message that Jesus spoke and they carried it on from age to age. It's always had the same power. Uh sometimes that men have taken it different directions and uh and not uh not applied today. But uh what we have today is a resurrection of Hebrews in 13:8, a vindication of this Bible. We still we still stand on it and uh we that's that's what we follow. That's what we live for. And we've seen the Bible resurrected in this day. And we certainly appreciate that. And and appreciate that God would send a prophet this age to be able to stand in front of men and hold a Bible up and say, "This is what we believe." And you guys can go do whatever y'all want. You can build every church and the following of every man that they have built today. Make great followings of men by the millions. Uh they've made great followings. But there was one man that would stand and say, "But we're not going to follow after a man. We're going to follow after the word of God." And only a God, a God- called prophet can take a point to Jesus Christ and not to a church or to something that was established by men. And I thank God for God called men. And I want you to take this with you today. Don't ever let Satan in your mind separate men from the word of God that that that God has sent. I know how he does and and he makes it well well the Bible is this or the Bible says that. But you realize that that whole Bible that we read read was written by men that was anointed by the Holy Ghost. And you know I I heard a guy quote that to me one time. He said, "Well, you know, the book of Revelation says that any man that would add to or take away his part would be taken out of the book of life." I said, "That's absolutely true." But do you realize the man that wrote that in the uh the revelation that John had when that was written, it wasn't placed in the New Testament until 400 years later. So what do you say to them 400 years of people that lived and served God and and they had the letters from Paul and the letters from uh from Luke and the book of Acts. It was only 400 years before it was ever put in a book form. It was men anointed by the Holy Ghost that were writing to the church and that were leading the church. And God still does that today. You say, "Well, Brother Matt, how do how do you how do you know that it is a man of God?" Well, I'll tell you how it is. It'll follow the same Holy Ghost that wrote the Bible. It'll follow just in line with it perfectly. So, that's how you keep the difference out of knowing that some man would raise up and preach some false thing to the church. But any true man of God will preach that same Bible. What the same Holy Ghost has spoke then, he'll still speak it today. But God still uses men. And just because you didn't see a pillar of fire don't mean the pillar of fire wasn't there. Can I ask you that? How many was there in 1933 that witnessed that pillar of fire that brother Andrew was talking about this morning? Is there any w eyewitnesses here this morning? There ain't any there. But how many believe it was there? I believe that. You say, "Well, I I don't know about that." Well, let me ask let me challenge any Christian this morning. How many was there when Apostle Paul went down that road and he said, "A pillow of fire appeared before me and it blinded my eyes?" How many eyewitnesses do we have that saw it? But how many believe it was there? Amen. I believe that. I believe we're real. That's what makes us real believers. That's why we we operate by faith. I believe that the same God of yesterday is the same God today. And he's still doing the supernatural. That's what we have. We're a bunch of message believing Bible believing people. The message is the Bible. It is the word of God. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. And it's our it's our guide today to point us back to the word. Amen. You you believe that? Amen. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, we thank you, Lord, for this time to come together, Lord. And we thank you for the word that has been sent. Lord, we say amen to the word of God. I thank you for our brother just pouring his heart out. And Lord, I ask you that you would bless him and his family, Lord, as we go from this place. Give him strength in his body, Lord. I pray that you would bless each one today, Lord. And we've come to this service, Lord. We just have one service and we dedicate it so much to you. And Lord, I pray you would bless each one, God. May something that has been said, Lord, be a blessing to them, Lord. That they could take it and it would change their life today that would cause us to look to you, the Lord Jesus Christ, the author and the finisher of our faith, God. May something had been said that would draw us closer to you. May we fall in love with you, Lord, greater than we ever have. That we could stand and serve you as real men and women of the gospel, real disciples of Jesus Christ. Lord, we ask you as we go from this place, bring us back safely now. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you go. Can you say, "God is everything." Well, God is my everything. God is my everything. He's my hope for tomorrow. He's my joy in sorrow. He's my rock in a wey land. He's my shelter in a time of storm. God is God is my everything. Well, God is my everything. Well, God is my everything. He's my joy. [Music] Yes, he's my hope. He's my rock. He's a rock in a win. He's my shelter in a time of storm. I say God is God is God is my everything. I want you to know God is God is my everything. I'll say my God is God is
