################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - Pastor Matt Morse  The Anchor of my Soul  9-28-2025 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-28
Title:    Pastor Matt Morse|  The Anchor of my Soul | 9-28-2025
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FlUjl9s42k
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] into. Oh, you open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is strong. Oh, can you stand and sing it? God, you're higher than the other. Our God is here. He's awesome in power. Our God. Oh. Oh. Our God is greater this morning. Yes. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. Oh God, you are higher than any other. And our God is healer. Our God is all. Our God. Oh our God. Oh, into the darkness and into the darkness you shine. Oh, and out of the ashes we rise. Oh, there's no one like you. Oh, there's none like you. Oh, our God is greater. I'm singing. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. Oh God, you are higher than any other. Oh our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God. Oh, sing it again now. Our God is greater and our God is gater. Yes. Our God is stronger. Oh God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. He's awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful? He's greater. He's stronger. He's your healer, provider, deliverer. Whatever you have need us this morning, he's here to meet every single one of our need today. It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. Brother Travis, we open the service in a word of prayer today. [Music] Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord, ready to worship the Lord and hear the word with expectation. Good. Just a reminder that we have our tent meetings coming up here in a couple weeks. So, just be in great anticipation for those. Be in prayer for them. Uh with that being said, we got next Sunday was supposed to be our potluck. We're going to cancel that just because of the meetings and all the preparation and all the meals that'll be going on during that time. So, just make that announcement. There's no public next Sunday. And I forgot a piece of paper that I was going to read, but um we got a note from Aunt Joyce and Brother Randall saying that they are in service today. I know they want to be here, but with brother Rand's conditions, you know, it's hard for them to make it. So, we just want to remember them in prayer. And she said they'll be live streaming and praising the Lord in their house. So, we just trying to brothers, can you do me a favor real quick? Just take that camera and just zoom out real quick. And everybody look back at that camera right there in the middle. And everybody, let's just wave and let's just say hi. Good morning to brother Randall, Sister Joyce. Let's give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. I know they want to be here. So, it's just encouraging them this. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from me. He makes the lame to walk, the blind to see. He's opened prison doors. sets those captives free. Aren't you thankful you're free this morning? Oh, and there's a river of life flowing out from me. Yes, he makes the lame to walk. Blinded eyes to see. Oh, he's open prison doors. Sets those captives free. And there's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up a well and give to me. Oh that life yes abundantly. Oh yes and there's a river of life flowing out from me. He makes the lake to walk it high to see. It opens prison doors. set those captives free cuz there's a river of life flowing out from. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up a well and give to me. Oh that life. Oh, let's sing it again now once more. Oh, and there's a river of life flowing out from me. He makes the lame to all, blinded eyes to see. He opens prison doors, sets those captives free, and there's a river of life flowing out. Spring up well. Oh, spring up over and make me whole. Spring up well and give to me. Oh, that life abundantly. Oh, and by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by all verse. Oh, we are often tossed to drip on the restless sea of time. Summer skies in paddington all succeed of rise and shine in that land of perfect day. When the midst has rolled away, we will understand it better by and by. Oh, and by and by. Yes. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and will understand it better by and by. And we are often destitute of the things that life demands. One of food and one of shel, thirsty hills and barren lands. But we're trusting in the Lord and according to his word, I will understand it better by and I know by and by know when that morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome and we'll understand it by and Oh child's dark on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us with that blessing. Oh but he'll guide us with his eye and we'll follow till we ride and we'll understand it better by and by and I know by and by. Yes. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome and will understand it better by and by. For temptations, hidden stare often take us unaware. And our hearts are made to bleed for many a thought, word, or deed. And we wonder why the taste when we try to do our best. But we'll understand it better by and by. And I know by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome and we'll understand. Oh, sing it again now. And by and by, oh when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome and will understand it better by and by. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful we'll understand it by and by? Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. Aren't you thankful we have a tower we can run to? Oh, the name of the Lord is. Oh, what a strong tower. Oh, the righteous run to it and they are saved. I know the name of the Lord is. Oh, a strong tower. All the righteous run to win it and they are Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. I'm singing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord most high. I'm singing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, the name of the Lord is and the name of the Lord is oh a strong power for the righteous run into it and they are saved. The name of the Lord is oh a strong tower. Oh, the righteous run into it and they Oh, holy is the name of the Lord. I'm singing. Holy is the name of the Lord. Yes, holy is the name of the Lord. Holy is the name of the Lord most high. Oh, and holy is the name of the Lord. Yes. Holy is the name of the Lord. Holy is the name of the Oh, Jesus is the name of the Lord. I'm singing. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Yes. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Oh Jesus is the name of the Lord most high. [Music] Oh and Jesus is the name of the Lord. Oh Jesus is the name of the Lord. My Jesus is the name of the Lord most high. I'm singing greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, and greater is he that is in me than he that is Oh, let's all stand and sing it again. Singing, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in me. Oh, and on the day of Pentecost, a rushing mighty wind, it flew into the upper room and baptized all of them. And with the power gater than any earthly f Oh, you got it. Oh, I'm so glad I've got it, too. I'm going to let the whole world know. Oh, that greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Yes, greater is he that is in me then. Oh, Satan's like a roaring lion. For Satan's like a roaring lion, he's roaming to and fro. Oh, seeking whom he made devout. The Bible tells us so. For many souls have been his brave to fall in some weak hour. Oh, but God has promised us today. His overcoming power. Oh, and greater is he that is in me. Yes, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he. All singing once more as the brothers come for the offering. Oh, and greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Yes, greater is he that is in me than he that is in. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Brother Phil, we go ahead and pray over the offering. [Music] Amen. [Music] And I'm in this church, this glorious church. I didn't join. No, I was born. And I had a new birth some glorious day. Going to say the way it's by his grace, not by my work. I'll sing it again now. And I'm in this church. This glorious church. I didn't join. No, I was born. I had a new birth. Some glorious day going to sail away. It's by his grace, not by my works I'm in. Oh, first verse. When Jesus came, he was left out. There was no place where he was welcome here on earth, but he had a plan for a house that shall forever stand. He spoke these words upon this rock. I'll build my church and I'm in this church. It's glorious church. I didn't join. I was born I had a new birth some glorious day. Going to sell away. It's by his grace, not my mouth. I sing that verse again. When Jesus came, he was left out. There was no place. He was welcome here on earth. But he had a plan for a house that shall forever stand. He spoke these words. Upon this rock, I'll build my church. I'm in this church. This glorious church. I didn't join. I was born. I've had a new birth. Some glorious day. Going to sell away. It's by his grace, not by my singing again now that I'm in this church, this glorious church. What know I was born? I'm a new birth some glorious day. Going to sail away. [Music] [Applause] [Music] And I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Oh, has I'll sing it again now cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God. Oh, let's sing this first verse. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from the creature that I once was. And redeemed is now my name. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life. Oh, has been rehared. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And though my sins were as scared, they're white as snow. I was bound. But today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, and I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. Oh, my life has been rearranged. See what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. all my life. Oh, let's sing that second verse again. Now, because my sins, they were scarred, but their light has stolen. I was bound, but today I am free. You see, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind. Praise God, I can see. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, all that last and when at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eye. Oh, will you thank him? I'll thank him for giving a rest like me a new home beyond the sky. Oh, and I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn now. All my life it has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference that it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Oh, why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hand, say, "I've been changed." Yes, I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference that it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh my life. Praise God. Oh, I sing that last verse. And when at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh then I'll thank him for giving a rest like me a new home beyond the sky. Oh and I've been changed. Well I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way all my life. Praise God. Oh, what a difference it makes. Oh, what a difference that it makes since the Lord had his way all my life. Praise God has been changed. Oh, aren't you give him a hand of praise this morning? Aren't you thankful you're changed? You're not the creature you once was. Amen. He certainly is good to us this morning. Let's sing this song as we get ready to change. Amazing grace, my chains are gone. Aren't you thankful your chains are gone this morning. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, that save the rich like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I found. Oh, was blind, but now I have saved. Oh, and was grace that's all my heart to fear. Oh, and grace my fears relieve. Oh, how precious did that grace appear to thee. How I first believe and my chains are gone and I've been set free. My God, my savior, yours ransom me and like a flood [Music] his mercy reigns. Unending love. Oh amazing grace. Oh the Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secures. Oh, he will my shield and for me as long as life endur my chains are gone I've been set free my god my s your ransome me and like a His mercy reigns unending love over me that last snap for the earth shall soon all like snow forbear to shine. Oh my God who call me below. Oh will be forever mind. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior, you ransom me. And like your blood, his mercy reigns an unending love. Amazing. And like a flood. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Oh. Oh, aren't you thankful for that amazing grace this morning? We have so much to be thankful for today. As we get ready to invite our pastor to bring the word of life, let's sing that song. Gratitude. Gratitude. Oh, we have so much that we can be grateful for today. Let's just start with the chorus. So I'll throw up my hand, praise you again and again. Oh yes, you [Music] and I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing hallelujah. Oh, sing it again now. You are my hands. I praise you again and again. Oh, all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hallelu. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Sing that first verse. All my words fall short. [Music] I've got nothing new. How could I express [Music] all my gratitude? And I could sing this song as I often do. [Music] But every song must sing. But you never do. Oh, just worship him now. So I'll throw up my hands. I'll praise you again and again. Oh, cuz all that I have is a highle. Oh. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for the on. [Music] Oh, sing a verse now. I've got one reason smile. I've got just Oh, we just got one move this morning with my arms stretched wide. I will worship you. Oh, so I'll throw up my hands. I'll praise you again and again. Oh, all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Oh, [Music] and I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart single. [Applause] [Music] Oh. Oh. So I my So I [Music] throw up my hands. praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah [Music] hallelujah. Well, I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. [Applause] I've got trust for you. Oh, with my hair. [Music] I'll worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. [Applause] Amen. Lord, I need you. I say hallelujah. Well, I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. How many say, "I come to give my all to the King of Kings." Amen. Amen. He's the Lord of all glory. He certainly made a way and on our behalf and without him, we wouldn't be nothing. Amen. Don't you believe that this morning? Amen. We wouldn't have nothing to offer. And for what God gave me, I give back to him. He gave me a voice and with that voice I worship the Lord. He gave me hands to praise him. I use them to praise the Lord. And amen to be able to to stand upon the things of God. Amen. I just want to give back to him. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. How many can give him a hand clap of praise? Amen. I think it's a good thing to do to let God know that we appreciate him. You know, it's many times anytime you go into any kind of ceremony and they're honoring somebody, well, David, and after they tell about their accolades and what they've done and they invite them up to the stage, you know, they'll the whole entire audience if they've done something pretty good, then they'll they'll give them a hand clap. And if they've done something really good, the people will start standing up and clapping. They call it a standing ovation. And it means a lot that people would have enough to honor you to stand up and clap on on your behalf. And you know, I you know, people say it's kind of funny to clap, but I think we got a right to be able to give God a standing ovation. You know, sometimes we just appreciate what God's done, and we just want to let him know. It ain't to make noise or to build up something or or or to to make some emotion, but I want to let God know how I feel about him. Amen. And so we we take or give our hands and our voice and and all that we have unto him. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Sure. Good to see sister Lillian back this morning. And Amen. She she limped her way all the way in here and you couldn't even tell anything was ever wrong with her. Amen. she just just been praying for and you know whenever she first heard her foot they doctors told her she would have to have surgery on it pretty much immediately and and uh and she had gone into the hospital for that purpose and they had done some more x-rays on her the first time they said that's would be happen the next time they said well maybe it could wait till you got home and then she got home they said well I don't think you need surgery at all and so she's kind of been sitting around there just waiting and on the doctor, you know, visit after visit and kept weight off of it. And the Lord just brought her uh back to be able uh to walk and she has but just one desire to serve God and to be able to sit on that piano and worship the Lord. And so I certainly appreciate the gift that God has placed in her life. It's certainly she's been a blessing to us. And so I appreciate the Lord for touching her body. I believe God answers prayer. Amen. I know we have many needs this morning. And just want to ask you remember my uncle has been having some real bad trouble and had shingles and things that has caused some nerve damage and and has asking for prayer and just in in in a real need of prayer and and I believe that we have a right to be able to approach God with it. also remember brother Tom Allen and uh that he's been battling with that and uh around his head and face area and it's been a hard time getting over it. So we just ask the Lord that would touch him as well. And I know how the enemy does just to come and and torment children of God. And but I believe that we have a right to to go before the Lord with it. Amen. that even when the doctor says they don't think it can it can go away or it ain't nothing's working medicine isn't working but I know one that does work even beyond all medicine. Amen. So whenever the doctor's done all that he could do I believe we have a right to call upon the name of the Lord. So also remember uh Aunt Joyce Uncle Randall this morning. So if you have a need on your heart, won't you just lift your hand to the Lord and maybe just ask the Lord to do something special for you this morning? I know that he certainly can. So let's just ask him to come in a special way this morning. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you, Lord. Lord, as a body of believers, Lord, we come and call upon your name, Lord, knowing that we don't have any rights in our own merit, Lord, or Lord, nothing that we've done to to earn it or anything like that, but Lord, we just rely upon you and your hand of mercy. Lord, we just ask you, Lord, the God that you are, Lord, that you would come this morning, Lord. And God, I pray that you would forgive us of our sins, Lord. The mistakes that we make in this flesh, Lord, and God, we just seem so inadequate, Lord, all the time, Lord, to look at ourselves as failures. And Lord, even myself, Lord, I don't ever feel worthy, Lord, just to even to be able to preach the the word, Lord. But God, I just stand here by your mercy, Lord. God, I ask you, Lord, that you would come, Lord. We just ask that, Lord, as an intercessor, Lord, that you would move upon our brothers and sisters, Lord, that have great needs in their life. Lord, many that need healing, Lord, these brothers, Lord, that we've called out before you, Lord. I pray that you would touch their body, God. I pray that you would give them a perfect healing, Lord. That you would restore them back to health. And Lord, I just thank you, Lord, for all that you've done. Lord, you've never neglected to to help us in a time of trouble, in a time of need. And Lord, we we give you glory for that. Lord, we thank you for it, Lord. God, we just ask this morning, Lord, that you would meet every need. Lord, that you would move in a special way, Lord. Let your word find its resting place in every heart, God, that when we leave this place, we will know that we've left your presence. And Lord, we just ask you now that you would be in our midst. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Amen. How many loves the Lord? Amen. How many loves his word? Amen. Amen. I said, how many loves his word? Amen. We certainly love to come and fellowship around the word of God. And looking forward to our meetings coming up, our tent meeting, uh that will be October the 15th through the 19th. And uh brother uh Jonathan Martin, brother Wayne Lawson, and brother David Ser will be here speaking for us. and also brother Andrew uh will uh take the meeting as well. So we just want to use this as an outreach as a way to be able uh to spread the gospel and so we want to allow everybody I know one sister had asked about putting some uh invitations and things out and uh that's perfectly uh okay and it's a good thing as long as they will allow a flyer or something like that. Uh you're welcome to put things out. So uh don't be putting it on things where people don't want it but uh wherever they'll allow us to put it then we want to make invitation uh so that all could come that would like to come and be a part and I'm just trusting the Lord to do great things. Amen. Every meeting that we've had many seen the hand of God in those tent meetings. So we we've certainly see God seen God do the miraculous and so we just that's why we put it on and and labor for it. So we're just looking forward to that. Uh but I want to invite you this morning to the scripture. We're going to pick up in Hebrews the 6th chapter. And uh last Sunday I had uh uh started in this uh direction and had spoke of of making uh a study in this direction. And so uh we want to just uh continue in that. And so I want to read out of uh out of the book of uh Hebrews the sixth chapter. And then we'll read we'll start in the 13th verse and then read down to the 20th verse. So Hebrews 6 and13 and the Bible says for when God had made promise to Abraham because he could swear by no greater he swear by himself saying surely blessing I will bless thee and multiplying I will multiply thee. And so after that he had patiently endured he obtained the promise. For men verilely uh swear by the greater, and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife, wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto the heirs of his promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath, that by two immutable things in which it was impossible for God to lie, that we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge, to lay hold upon the hope that is set before for us which hope we have as an anchor of the soul both sure and steadfast and which enterth into that within the veil whether the forerunner is for us entered even Jesus made an high priest forever after the order of Melchazdc and we'll just ask the Lord uh to add his blessing to the reading of the word this morning so if you want to take your seats and uh I would like to take this uh scripture this morning we had started uh in this uh uh direction last week and we had taken uh uh and and uh read the same scripture and we had spoken on uh the subject of the immutability of God's oath and how the the promises that God had made to the believers and the importance of the promise and and uh and you know I realize that throughout all the ages there have been many promises that God has made to the church thousands upon thousands of promises that were made by God uh to his children. And and you know, I think uh I think uh that that any one of us can recognize the promises that God has made to us. There's many uh times that God has came and uh and has moved on our behalf and he's made promises. And not only uh does he make promises, but I wonder how many to uh this morning could raise your hand and say that God he keeps his word. Amen. So, uh, not only does he make promise, but he's a keeper of the promises that he makes. So, uh, we certainly know that God is is more than able to keep his word. He always keeps his word. He does, uh, what he says he would do. He's never he's a never failing God. And so, uh, that's why we rely upon God in such a way because not only is God a promise maker, but God is a promisekeeper. I I think Peter said it best. He says, "Through the Lord Jesus, uh, we are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature of God." And he said that we but by the promises of God, we've escaped corruption that came uh by lust. I think you could take that scripture and preach the first couple of chapters of Genesis right out of that of what happened in the beginning that he said uh that we could take the promises of God and escape corruption that came by lust. It kind of tells you the story of where corruption came from. He said, "But uh but God has given us a way to escape that corruption." And and remember last week we was reading this, but his promise to us said that God has promised us by a sworn oath one that he cannot lie. The other he swore an oath on top of that that he will raise up at the last day and give us eternal life. knowing that after we have been called that he said he knew us before the foundation of the world and he and predestinated us under the adoption of children through Jesus Christ. So God has given us a promise in this age. He's given us a promise of everlasting life, a promise of eternal life as a prophet would say uh that he would raise us up in the last day and give us eternal life. And so that's why the believers today that we live in an age of unsettled times. We live in an age where it's unsure uh in the world but still yet though it's unsure to the rest of the world but today we still have that same promised word of God that he gave in the beginning. So the very promises that God made. How many believes that this morning that they're still in effect to the believer and this is what Paul is speaking. Paul said which hope we have as an anchor of the soul. I'd like to speak on that this morning. The anchor of our soul. He said the which hope uh hope we have the anchor of our soul both sure and steadfast. And you know that that it means that that this anchor that God has given us it has a firm determination. It is unshakable. It is something uh that is unwavering. It's something that cannot it cannot be moved. But David, it's something that is that is that is firm. It's it is a it can't be shaken. It can't be moved. It can't be. Uh so if you could establish that this morning that the anchor that God has given us is a steadfast anchor. It's something uh there's nothing that could happen no matter what would happen on the surface nothing uh could happen to change it. In other words, there's something in us that keeps us faithful to the cause of Christ. Isn't that something that it doesn't matter what you face? I I know the Bible tells tells us about many people that something that there was something that happened that had to keep them. They went through great trials. All through the scripture, we read stories of men and women that went through great trials in their life. But there was something in them that was greater than themselves that was able to keep them. It isn't that something. How many knows that through times in your life that there had to be something in you that was greater than you or you wouldn't have ever made it through it. There was something, you know, in time that I would have gave up, but something in me, it would keep me through it. There's times when I I would have quit. I would have thrown up my hands. I would have ran away. I I would have done all kinds of things. But but there is something in us that is greater than oursel. You know, I got to thinking about the Bible and and all the men and women of all the times that that God had has kept people through many great things. Brother Mark, I thought about Samson and how that there was something in Samson that was greater. It wasn't the flesh of the man that made him what he was, but it was something in him that made him that gave him the ability to withstand uh the enemy. It was it was a man like Shamgar that had something in him that whenever the enemy would come to take all that belonged to his family and all and and those that great army that would come to rob what would belong to his children and to his family. But something on the inside of Shamgar was greater than what Shamgar was. And it allowed him to withstand the enemy in his greatest day of persecution and trouble. We could talk about David and we could talk about Jonah when he was in the the belly of a whale and uh we could talk about the widow woman whose whose crews had had failed and and and and she had nothing to eat or be able to feed her children or about the three Hebrew children when they went into a fiery furnace. But many times throughout the Bible, we find this same thing. There had to be something in them that was greater than themselves. Amen. There were there had to be an anchor. There had to be something that was holding them. You know, I was thinking about this this week and thinking about our anchor and and reading about different people in the Bible and and and I came across this story. Of course, it's something that we all read. And you know, I got to thinking about how the story of Daniel in the Bible and how that Daniel was a man that God used and he was a man that was close to God. He he worshiped God. He was a prophet. He was a he was a man of God. But uh but but the enemy would do anything that he could to destroy him. I mean, you know, although he may not had great strength in his flesh, he he didn't have no uh super ability in his flesh, he wasn't a superman or something like that, but he was just a man that was anointed of God to be to be in the office, to be in the line of duty that he was in. And but but the Bible would tell us that there was an enemy that wanted to destroy the life of Daniel. You remember Daniel? Can I just can I just tell it this morning? You you remember Daniel was a man that was a a great man even uh in the eyes of the king of Babylon when they had came in and taken over and this great king Darius and and they had saw Daniel. Daniel was an exile prophet. Remember there was uh whenever the Assyrian had taken over Israel and then Babylon took over Assyria and now they ruled over this whole uh uh land what which used to be Judah and these and so in their ruling over they had taken these and and brought them into captivity. Daniel was just a young boy, a young man whenever they brought him into captivity, he lived out his life in exile, he was known as one of the prophets of exile. And so, uh, even when the Israel would go back into the land of Israel to rebuild Jerusalem, Daniel never went. He stayed behind and he lay mened and he prayed for him. Remember down at the Tigress River that day praying for the people of Israel that God would be able to help him to be restored. So, he was always, even from his birth, I believe that a calling that a man has, it comes uh before he's ever born. it it wasn't something that he earned or worked into, but that's just what he was. He was a prophet of God. And so, uh, whether he was in exile or whether he was in captivity, whether he's in a jail cell, whether he's having a good day or a bad day, when a man is called of God, he's just called of God. So, uh, when he's in the wrong or was in when he's in the right, gifts and callings come without repentance. He he was called of God to be in this place. He was a great man of God that God would use. And so, we find Daniel in in this kingdom and how that he was built up. And the king saw uh the gift that was in his life. And because of that gift, he had elevated him to a man of great stature. He was a leader, a president over over uh the other rulers of his kingdom. And and the Bible would tell us that they the men there, they would get such jealous against Daniel. And because God was using him in the way that he was using him and they had such a jealousy and and the Bible says and they watched his life closely to find something that was wrong with him. And so, and the Bible said after they looked at his life and looked at everything that he done and they followed him around and they investigated everything that he done and the only thing they could find wrong with him is that he kept the word of God. That that's the only fault they could find in him. He just was so dedicated to keeping the law of God. They said, "This is the way we can get to him." You remember the story? They So, they went to the king and said, "Oh, king, you're the greatest king that there ever was. There ain't never been nobody like you. Why? Why? There ought to be statues of you. People ought to honor you. They my they're they should worship you. My king, you're so wonderful. And we've talked to all the men of the kingdom and every one of them agree you're the greatest that there ever was. So why don't you make a decree to honor yourself? You know, king, you never honor yourself, but maybe you could just take a month and and just say for the next 30 days that nobody could bow to any god or to any king other than you and make a decree so that we can honor you and make a make a time like this. I thought, isn't it something to hear that that that these men would come and say that that that nobody would bring a petition to any god or to any king? Isn't it something the way they laid that out? In other words, they want to make sure there was no power on earth or no power in heaven that was as great as this king. This is what they're trying to establish that there's no earthly power as great as you. There's no heavenly power as great as you. And and king, establish a decree and sign it in writing and and make it by the law. remember the law of the Mes and Persians that it cannot be changed. They they wanted they went back to that old law. Remember the Mes and Persians and how uh that brother Mark they were they were the one that took over many different types of cultures, people of different languages. So their law was in such a way that the law could not be changed and they done that to bring stability amongst diverse regions. So one uh that was not like the others or their culture was different than the others. So when they would make a law, it would go throughout all of their land and it could not be changed. So this stability, it's actually what most of the legal systems today is based upon. Any stable culture or stable legal system is based upon something that is established. That's why whenever we started our country, they they had the declaration of independence. That's why they made a constitution. It was something or a declaration that was established that was firm that could not be changed. It was it's something that you could build upon. People could have confidence in. And so so they they took the king back to this kind of a law and said make it a law that can't be changed. And so the king says you know certainly he would do that thing and so it couldn't be altered. And you know but the Bible says that that when they made the decree they only had one purpose. They were trying to catch Daniel. But when they made the decree Daniel being the kind of a man that he was the Bible says he knew that the law was there but he couldn't stop obeying God. He couldn't stop worshiping God. He knew he knew what they would do. So the Bible says, "But he went home knowing and with his windows open three times a day, he prayed to God just like he did before." And let me tell you a secret. Daniel did not do it for spite. He didn't do it to show them men. He didn't do it to prove he was better. He didn't do it uh to try to establish himself as something uh in in in God or anything like that. The Bible says he done it like he did before. So he just done it because that's what Daniel was. He was a man that was a worshshiper of God. He was a man that that was a a servant of the living God. So says he went down and he done it in the you know Daniel knew what it what what it would do. He he he he knew what what would happen if he went 30 days without prayer. You realize what the devil was trying to do. Let's make sure they don't pray that they don't they don't pray to know God and they don't pray to no king. I want to take the power that the the the that spiritual power that heavenly power out of their life. I want to break the communication between them and God. I thought isn't the devil try to do that same thing today? It may not be a decree, but I promise he's done everything he can could to keep you from talking to God. If he can get you out for 30 days, he'll do it for 30 days. If he can get you out of it for a week, he'll do it for a week. If he can get you to go a day, he'll do it for a day because he knows what happens when you don't have communication between you and God. But Daniel knew this. He knew what would happen if he spent 30 days without talking to his God. He knew what would happen if he spent a month without having communication and having having time with the Lord. So the Bible said three times a day Daniel he bapt on his knees and he prayed unto God. He was going to maintain his relationship with God. And you know what the Bible said? Whenever they saw him there, brother Mark, they saw him. They they saw him bowing. They saw him kneeling before God. They went back with a smile on their face. They brought their witnesses to catch him in the act. They went back to the king and said, "Oh king, have you not made a decree that no man would bow down to any god or to any king?" And oh king said, "Yeah, I made it. Oh king, didn't you not say that they wouldn't have a uh that by the laws of the Mes and Persians that it cannot be changed? He said, "Yeah, I said it." He said, "Well, oh, that Daniel down there, we just caught him, king. He don't honor you. You've done all this for him and he don't even appreciate you. He wouldn't even dedicate 30 days because he don't honor you. He's not doing what he should do. He's tanning against the the oath of the king." king. And the Bible said it bothered King Darius because he thought highly of Daniel, but he could not disobey the law. And the law said if a man would bow, that he must be thrown in a den of lions. And brother Mark, he would receive his his death sentence. I thought, isn't it something that after all of this, they brought the evidence before the king and convicted Daniel and sentenced him to death just for being a Christian man. Got to say it like that. And just for being a man of God, he was convicted. He was brought. He was sentenced to death. Can you can you imagine being sentenced to death for praying to God? You say, "What did he do wrong?" He prayed to God and he was sentenced to death just for praying to God. I think that's the way it ought to be. I think our life ought to manifest what we are. Daniel wasn't out there in public trying to make some statement and and trying to cause trouble in the public. He wasn't doing that. He was just down there living his life. He was serving God the way he ought to serve God. He was praying the way he ought to pray. But his life manifested what he was. I think that's the way it ought to be. I think being a believer ought to be evident to the world today. I believe I think what we believe, you know, we call ourselves Christians. How many knows what it means to be a Christian? I mean, a Christian means to be Christlike. Remember what brother said. He said he matter of fact, he made a call to the believers to to pledge to God. This was a in in the message things that ought to be I think it ought to be called the Christian's pledge. But he makes a call. He said, "From this night on, oh lamb of God, I promise to walk upright. I'll walk in honor of the name that I'm called a Christian, a Christlike life. I'll raise my hands. I'll dedicate myself a new to you tonight, and I will walk in the light." I wonder how many can make that same pledge today. I wonder how many could lift your hand and say, "Lord, from this night on, oh lamb of God, I promise to walk upright, and I want to walk in honor of the name that I am called, a Christian, a Christlike life." I think that ought to be the desire of every Christian's heart, brother Mah, that I could walk in honor of the name that I'm called. I don't believe that we ought to be a mockery to Christianity. I don't believe that people ought to look at our life and think, "If that's what a Christian is, I certainly don't want to be one of them." I think our life ought to be such a Christian lie that when people look at your life that you're guilty of being a Christian. I think that ought to be our thing. You know, you I may as well I may as well just preach it. I We're on a Sunday morning and but but but I but I think that that's the way it ought to be. Brother Mark, you know, there's things in our life that identify what a Christian is. I believe it ought to be evident that you're a Christian. I don't think it ought to be a secret. you know, you know, uh I I'll get in trouble for telling this, but I I had a friend one time and and and uh and you know, we done some business uh uh deals together and one of his buddies one one time came down and I met him and I said, "Yeah, that we had mutual friend and and I said, "Well, yeah, you know, your buddy here." I said, "We've been working with him and and I said, "Man, it's pretty good." I said, "Yeah." And he he told me he's a pastor and and and all this. And he said, "It's wonderful." He goes, "A pastor?" He said, "He ain't no pastor?" I said, "Well, yeah, he's a pastor. He's got a church. He said, "He ain't no pastor. I've known him forever." But he was a pastor. I thought, "Well, wonder what kind of life you have to live in front of your friends for your friend not even to know that you was a a pastor or not even to know you. I I can't help but I can't help but live a life. You you brother Mark, if people don't know you're a Christian, there's something wrong with your Christian walk. If people It don't take long for a person to stand I may as well can I just can I just be honest with you this morning? It don't take long for somebody to stand around me. Sometimes I offend them uh when they go to cussing and using the Lord's name in vain and and all this and it don't take me very long to say, "Hey, sir, do you mind, you know, I got children present. There's a because there's something in my life and and it don't take long or maybe the best thing to do, brother David, you sit around somebody and they get the talking dirty, you know, I I've learned the best thing to do without causing a bunch of controversy, I just kind of change the subject and say, "Well, sir, where do you guys go to church at?" and oh uh uh well I you know I don't uh you know we you know well we we're a member of a soul place you know I said well that's good you we go down to Grace Tabernacle man we sure love to love the Lord down there and my it just love to worship God I bet you love to worship the Lord it don't take long a guy's cussing he'll either stop cussing or he'll just go on somewhere else see because you want to you want to live a life in front of them that all that isn't welcome in you you know you don't just have to allow that in your life you don't just have to sit in the presence of people drinking beer and smoking and and cussing and telling dirty jokes. You don't you don't have to just sit in that and allow that that to go on. You say, "Well, what?" You just start telling some testimonies. And you know, let me tell y'all something that the Lord done for me the other day. You don't have to be mean, but but you can just manifest the life of a believer, a Christian, and it changes the atmosphere of everything around you. Yeah. I believe that there's things in our life that are to manifest what we are. How many believe that? I believe it ought to be evident that we're a Christian. The Bible The Bible tells us the what a Christian is. It came it came you know all the way back in Apostle Paul acts the 11th chapter it whenever uh Paul and Barnabas can I just take a minute on this I I just feel to so Paul and Barnabas they went into Antioch and they got to preaching the Bible says whenever Paul came they spent a whole year among them people preaching to them of what g of who Jesus Christ was. He spent he labored there for a year teaching the foundation of the church and teaching the purpose of Christ and and he went through the whole Bible. I can imagine sitting under Paul for a year. Wouldn't that have been a great year to sit under the ministry of Apostle Paul? But but he taught him how that we were that where we came from and that we were lost in the fall of the garden and we needed a redeemer and there was a death that a penalty that had came upon our life uh because of sin and because uh because of the failures of man. And so he showed us how that how that Jesus began to pay the or he paid the penalty for man's sins and showed them that there was a way out of out of this life and and you know and Paul preached there for a year but you know the more I thought about it I thought you know that wasn't actually Paul's message at all that was God's message he just used Paul to preach it and so Paul labored there for a year and the Bible says while Paul labored there that's whenever the term Christian first came out so in other words there was people that got under the ministry of Apostle Paul and and They got to hearing of this life of Christ and what it meant to be a a follower of Jesus Christ and to be baptized in his name. And the Bible said and there they became Christians. I I thought I wonder who came up with the name first. Was it those that was in the church or was it those that were making fun of them on the outside? I don't know who said it first, but somebody looked at them and said, "That's just a bunch of Christians over there. They they're following after the life of this Jesus Christ. They've been listening to the teachings of this Apostle Paul." I thought, you know, it how wonderful it was that that Paul didn't have the evidence of Jesus raising from the dead. He didn't have a video of it. He didn't have no audio recording of it. He didn't have no way to say it, but the power and the demonstration of the Holy Ghost. He went and he preached to him. Brother Bam said he was anointed by the same Holy Ghost that came down in the upper room. He didn't just preach by words or the enticing word of man's wisdom, but it was in power and demonstration. And he spent a year preaching to them until people became Christians. They became followers of Jesus Christ. Their lives changed. The things that they used to be. I thought, can you imagine the transformation that took place in Antioch in that year's time of people's life of what they used to be and the things they used to like to do, but under the ministry of Apostle Paul, the Bible said they became Christians &gt;&gt; and it became evident in their life that they were Christians. And you know he he would tell them he he would tell them as he would minister to them that they they would be a Christian. Paul said you be a follower of me even as I am a follower of Christ. In other words, pattern after me as I pattern after Christ. Remember this is what this is what his message was. Remember what I've told you. Read the letters that I've wrote to the churches. Keep the teachings that came from Jesus. Pray and read the read what I've wrote. If an angel from heaven would come and preach to you anything different, let him be a curse because this is a word from the Lord. &gt;&gt; You see, that didn't just end with Apostle Paul and the early church in Antioch, but that's the same thing today. But Abraham said, "Children, get back to your God." He said, "Don't tangle with the world for anything. Stay out of this modern world. Stay out of modern theologies. Just look to the lamb of God. Read your Bible and pray all the time. Don't be weary, but be rejoicing. Be happy. for the redemption of the church is drawing nigh. See, the same call that Paul made is the same call that's been made in this hour. That we ought to have a set aart life. We we ought to uh live a life that's different from the world. See, because we're Christians, we we don't live like the world. We go to we go to church. We worship God. Because we're a Christian, that's why we go to church. Because because we're Christian, that's why that's why we worship God. Because we're a Christian, that's why we raise our hands and praise God. Because we're a Christian, it ain't something we're trying to work up or or we're not trying to be somebody, but because I'm a Christian, I say amen to the word of God. Because I'm a Christian, I I dress the way in a modest way that wouldn't bring any attention to oursel. Because I'm a Christian, I I sacrifice my flesh that that God would be able to use me. Because we're Christians, we do the things that a Christian ought to do. Because we're Christians, brother Mark, we pray. That's why Daniel prayed. Because we're Christians, we read our Bible. You realize that's what Dwight Moody said one time. A great man of God. He said, "Out of a hundred men, only one of those men will read their Bible." He said, "The other 99's going to read that man. One of them will read their Bible. 99 of them is going to read the Christian that reads his Bible." In other words, you're the only thing that they will ever read. That's why Paul said, "You are a written epistle read and known of all men." &gt;&gt; We're written epistles read and known of all men. It ought to be evident. You you ever notice what Paul was talking about when he said, "We are written epistles." He was actually speaking of his ministry here that Paul would go into the church and begin to speak to the church in Corinthians. He said, "Do we begin again to commend oursel or do we need some other epistle of commenation to you or a letter of commenation from you?" In other words, this is what Paul said. Do we need a letter of approval in order for my ministry uh to be to be you to be able to accept it? Does it have to have a letter of approval? See, Paul was a man that knew what it was like to be high up in the Roman government. And he he he knew uh that when a man would come into an office in order to be uh to be into an office or or or to be selected for an office, that man had to have letter of approval from all of his previous officers and the the previous work that he had done. So here Paul knowing that that it would require a letter of of approval. He would say to the church, "Do I need a letter of approval in order for the ministry to be able to be accepted? Is there is there a letter that we need?" He said, "But you are our epistle." In other words, you are the letter that is written in our hearts, known and read of all men. In other words, brother Mark, he said that when God sent a message to the early church, the only letter of approval that that message needed, Paul said, was the lives of those that the message was manifested in. So if God, that's the same thing that it is today. If God is going to send a message to the church today, everybody's looking for a letter of approval. Well, give me some kind of proof that I ought to believe that message and give me some kind of proof that that came from God or give me some kind of approval that it ought to be read or or preached in our churches. But here what Paul said. He said, "The letter of commenation is just that you live it. That the letter of approval that I have is the life that you live. that my ministry has taken an effect on your life and you've became something different. I thought, isn't that the same letter that we have today when God would send a message in this hour that the real letter of commenation of the message of the hour is those that are living it. The letter of approval is the lives that we live and the effect that it's had on our lives. Whenever he called us out of sin and establish as moral good believers and Christians and morally right men and women, it's something that calls us to be right with God. That's the only letter of approval that it needs. That's the real draw today. Brother Mark, you live your life is advertising to the world of what a real Christian is. You realize that's what the draw is to the church. It's your life. That's what would deter people from the church. It's your life. It's it's a draw. That's why that's why I challenge our public life to be something that would be presentable to God. That's why we we're careful what we say in public and careful what we write and careful how we act and because we are presenting ourselves in public of what a Christian really is. So when people would look at that, they would say, "Is that the nature of Christ?" No wonder people would run from you if you ain't displaying the nature. I know people don't like this kind of preaching, but if the Lord's going to go this way, I'm just going to follow the Lord. I've learned that a long time ago. If you're going to live a life and call yourself a Christian, your life ought to manifest what a Christian is. People ought to be able to look at you and if there's a desire in their heart to serve God, they ought to look at you just like they did Paul and say, "Let me follow after you just like you follow after Christ." May there be something in my life. I pray that's my prayer this morning. Lord, may there be something in my life that would cause somebody to desire the life that I have. &gt;&gt; Somebody that would have a desire in their heart to serve God. said, "That's the real draw today, that we're advertising what a real Christian is. That's why we guard ourselves and we don't let the devil in. That's why we keep a check on one another because sometimes we get in the flesh and do silly things." &gt;&gt; I'm going to give you a moment to chew that on up a little bit. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we get in the flesh and we do things we shouldn't do. We say things we shouldn't say. We act out in ways we shouldn't act out because sometimes we get in the flesh. But I thank God that we have people in our life that can remind us that we're in the flesh. That we can turn not to be mean or poke, but but to remind us we're Christians. We conduct ourselves as Christians. That, you know, sometimes we we got to be reminded to turn back. This is what Paul said. He says, "As much as you are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ, ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God." &gt;&gt; Not in the tables of stone, but in the fleshy tables of our heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; So this great letter of Christ, Brother Wesley, has been written into your heart by the spirit of the living God. It's been written. This message that we've heard, Brother Mark, it's been written into our hearts. We have become the letter of commenation of the very message of the hour because we live it. It's become the letter that people read. They're they're not going to sit down and read. They're not going to sit down and listen to messages like you sit down and listen to. They're not going to sit down and turn on a tape when they get home like you do. What they're going to read is you. &gt;&gt; What is it about this message? What is it about these people today? What is it about this church in Leodysia that God has raised up? Well, I don't know. Just tune in to their Facebook and see what they are. Just tune in to their life and see what they look like. Just follow them around in public and we'll find out what it is. That's how people see this message. &gt;&gt; That's how people see what Christianity is today. &gt;&gt; They follow you that claim it around and see what it is. You're the letter. &gt;&gt; You're the message that they hear. &gt;&gt; You're the letter that they read. &gt;&gt; Said, "But this letter of Christ has been written into your heart &gt;&gt; by the spirit of the living God." &gt;&gt; You know, sometimes I think we ought to ask the world of Christians or the or or the the Oh, God help me. But you know the there's a lot of so-called Holy Ghost fil believers that if you could follow them around a little bit, you'd wonder. We ought to just ask them if it was against the law to be a Holy Ghost fil believer. If there was a decree that went out in the United States against Holy Ghost filled believers, I wonder how many people would have enough evidence in their life to be arrested and convicted of it. I wonder if they followed him around like Daniel did. I know people don't like this kind of preaching, but I wonder if they followed us around like they did Daniel, would there be enough evidence in your life to say, "Yep, that's a Christian right there. Go ahead and arrest him." Or I wonder if our life would display enough to say, "Well, he ain't nothing to worry about. He ain't breaking no laws." But I think that if it was illegal to be a Christian and illegal to be a Holy Ghost filled believer, I think that when somebody saw our life, you ought to break every law that they had. Your life ought to break the law of of being illegal to be a Christian or be a believer. I think there ought to be enough evidence in our life. I you say, "Brother Matt, what's that mean?" I wonder, do we display enough attributes of Christianity to be classified as a Christian? &gt;&gt; We may lose members today. &gt;&gt; I hope not. I hope are real Christians. &gt;&gt; But does your life display enough attributes &gt;&gt; to be a real Christian? To be classified as a Christian? I know what people say. Well, I believe Jesus was a son of God. Therefore, I'm a Christian. I believe that I got a picture of Jesus hanging on my wall, so I'm a Christian. That don't mean nothing. Remember remember Ignatius who was one of the great founders of the the early Catholic Church. His statement was anywhere you find Jesus, you find the Catholic Church. So, see, if you say, "I got a picture of Jesus, therefore I'm saved. Well, according to the Catholic Church, if you got a picture of Jesus, you're Catholic." That you're the that's where you'll find the Catholic Church, but I but but but having a picture of Jesus, it never made anybody a Christian. &gt;&gt; It don't that ain't what makes you a Christian. Having a picture don't make it. Saying I believe Jesus is the son of God, that ain't what makes you a Christian. But but they would there's there's evidence of what it is to be a Christian. I know I'm getting long in this, but I I just feel to. You know, there there there has to be enough evidence in our life to say, "I'm a follower of Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; I believe it ought to be evident. There's too many people that go around misleading people because their life don't manifest what they are. And then and then people get discouraged and they quit church and they backslide and they lose out on many years of serving God because some hypocrite somewhere is claiming to be a a Christian, but they don't live the life and they don't manifest what a Christian really is. And it causes young people to lose confidence in serving God and then they run from the Lord. all these and all these things come up on their life, evil things, thing things that they don't get over for many, many years &gt;&gt; because somebody was claiming one thing and living another. &gt;&gt; There ought to be evidence in our life of what a believer is. &gt;&gt; There ought to be real evidence. You say, "Brother May, what kind of evidence would there be?" All through the Bible, we can find evidence of it. See, I wonder if they would find Christ in our daily life. Can't be in your Sunday life. &gt;&gt; It's got to be in your daily life. &gt;&gt; Christian ain't a Sunday walk. It ain't a Wednesday night walk. It's a daily walk. &gt;&gt; To be a real Christian, you say, "Well, will they find him in my daily life? Will they find Christ in my motives?" I want to ask you this morning to do a little checkup this morning. Do they find Christ in my motive? Will they find Christ in my actions? Will they find Christ in the way that I treat other people? You say, "You mean how I treat people &gt;&gt; affects whether or not I'm a Christian?" &gt;&gt; Oh, God help us. &gt;&gt; You mean how I treat people? That's what the Bible said. You know, how you treat your brothers and sisters is actually declaring what is on the inside of you. &gt;&gt; Because what on on the outside is manifesting what's on the inside. This is what this is what the Bible says. John said, "Herein is our love made perfect that we may have boldness in the day of judgment." Isn't that something? That on the day of judgment, we would know where we stand. &gt;&gt; So, this is what John said that would give us that boldness. He said, "Because as he is, so are we in this world. We love him because he first loved us." If a man says, "I love God," but he hateth his brother, he is a liar. For he that loveth not his brother, whom him has seen, how can he love God that he has not seen? And this commandment we have from him, that he who loveth God love his brother also. So here Jesus discerns whether we're a disciple or not, &gt;&gt; whether we're a Christian or not. Watch, he's dealing with matters of the heart. Said, "This is how you know that you're my disciple." What' Jesus say? Somebody say it. That you would have love one for another. says, "See, so we have to manifest love." Jesus shows that what is on the inside. This is it's what's being expressed on the outside. And he actually defines this as as the very defining characteristic of Christ. He said that no greater love hath any man than he that would be willing to lay down his life for his friends. Isn't that what Christ was? If you said, "What was Jesus?" He was a man that was willing to lay down his life for others. said that that is the very defining characteristic of what it is to be a Christian is a person that is willing to lay down their life for others. To love somebody so much that you're willing to hold back your own thought and your own feelings and you're willing to sacrifice for somebody else. This is I I mean it's the truth this morning. I I know I know we don't we don't sometimes we don't like this but it's a reality that whenever your life that you live is not live for yourself but you live a life for others. It is a characteristic of being a Christian. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a kind of Christian, think about that. He would forsake his own flesh in order to fulfill his purpose. &gt;&gt; Forsake the desires of his own flesh to fulfill his purpose in God. That he would crucify the flesh. Said, "That's the call for the for the Christian today, brother Joe, is to crucify our flesh." Isn't that what the Bible said? Not to live after the flesh, but to live after the spirit. Because the things of this flesh, they work against the things of God. They're constantly pulling us away from the things of God. The feelings of this flesh, they work against the things of God. But you realize, can I just say that this morning? That the works of the I'm already this deep into it. I may as well say it. But the works of the flesh are just as evident as the works of the spirit. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; It's the truth. &gt;&gt; The works of the flesh are evident &gt;&gt; to the world. The works of the spirit, they're evident to the world. Paul said, "The works of the flesh are manifest, which are these: adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lchivousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance." You ever read through this? Said this is Galatians 5. What it is? The works of the flesh. You know what it means when Paul says that there's variance? It's a work of the flesh. Variance means you treat one people different than you do another. &gt;&gt; Hello. Hello. It means you treat somebody different than you do another. &gt;&gt; We're going to take Lord, you just put that where you want it. &gt;&gt; Emulations. In other words, that the that that we have an effort in our life to match or surpass somebody else. We got to be better than them. These are works of the flesh. He said they're evident. Emulation, angry, strife. You know what strife mean? It means to be bitter over things. Bitter over little fundamental things. Something that going on going in the church. Instead of talking about you just get bitterness, it's a work of the flesh. Bitterness don't come from God. &gt;&gt; That's free pastoring this morning. Bitterness don't come from God. It come from the devil. &gt;&gt; And when you get bitter in your spirit where you can't even look at somebody and they walk in, you know, I'm not going to say nothing to them till they say something to me. I'm not I'm just going to sit back there and give them the cold show. Bitterness did not come from God. It come from the devil. And you have been anointed by a devil. &gt;&gt; When you have bitterness in your spirit, &gt;&gt; you didn't you weren't anointed by God. You were anointed by Satan. I'm saying this nicely so you understand it. I don't say it out of hatred or meanness, but just so that you'll know that when you have bitterness in your spirit, it didn't come from God. It came from the devil. So, there's something in our life that has been opened up, brother Mark. It's opened up our spirit to allow Satan to be able to come into our life and to bring bitterness into our life that we could uh that we could have strife between one another and strife between our our brothers. and well and now there ain't nothing anybody can do that's right because you have strife that has been built up in our life &gt;&gt; because of the bitterness that's in our life and somebody walk by and greet you hey brother God bless you he don't even mean that saying God but he's just trying to he's just trying to say something nice so I won't be mad no more isn't that something it's bitterness I don't I don't preach like this very often but &gt;&gt; but but it's true I want to see the church grow I want to see you being able to enjoy the the blessings of God and See, see, and if if Satan packs all this stuff on your life, you can't be free and you can't worship God and you can't serve God like you need to. You, but but we ought to be able to manifest him. He says, see, seditions, in other words, you know what? These are the words that Paul used. In other words, it's those that incite others to rebel against authority. &gt;&gt; So, this isn't that just he's going right down the list. You get this bitterness in you and then before long because you got the bitterness or strife and now now you're calling others and saying, "Well, let me tell you what they did." And and the pastor wasn't very good anyway, he wouldn't have said that or the the preacher, he wouldn't have done this. And that deacon after all, I mean, if he talked to my kids the way he talked to them, I'll tell you what I would do with him. &gt;&gt; See? See? So, this is what Paul said. It's works of the flesh to incite others to rebel against authority. &gt;&gt; I'm going to get some others to feel like I feel. said they're works of the flesh heresies, beliefs or opinions that are contrary to the doctrine. I know they may preach that that way and you know that that may be the doctrine of the church or that may that may be what brother said, but you know what? I I don't think it's really that way. Doctrines that are contrary to the doctrine of the church. Envy, murder, drunkenness, reings. See, most time when we think about sin and works of the flesh, we only think about alcohol and drugs and adultery and things like that. and we put that all off in a bad category and then we be whatever we want to be as long as we don't touch that stuff &gt;&gt; and then we're still displaying the life of Christ. But that ain't that ain't that ain't Christlike. &gt;&gt; That all these things are work of the flesh. They're not Christlike. But see, you realize that they're not manifesting. They're fruits of the flesh, brother Mark. But see, they're not the fruit of a of a Christian that's a mature Christian. Now, I know as believers, that don't mean that we're not believers, but we're just manifesting the flesh. And we have to grow up as believers. Sometimes as believers, we grow through those things. We need uh uh godly men and women in our life to come by and correct us and say, you know, you shouldn't say that. You oughtn't do that. You know, it that that ain't the way. And the correction isn't that you just stopped doing it because they said the correction is is to you to find out why it is that you done it. Wonder why what caused me to to be able to act out that way. You know, I shouldn't have done that. I shouldn't have acted that way. I shouldn't have said that like that. And and so it causes us to reflect upon oursel, which is where we really grow in God. &gt;&gt; Is when we can reflect upon our own actions and our own ways and we can really get along with God. So, so correction isn't a negative thing. It's a good thing because it causes us to reflect with God about the way that we're living and the way that we're acted. &gt;&gt; So then we can reflect with God. And and in that time of reflection, God can can deal with your spirit and say, "Yeah, you know, you really shouldn't have done that. Yeah, you really shouldn't have said it." And then watch it. Watch what happens when you get to that place of reflection is the bitterness begins to go away. You know, I'm not even mad at that brother. I you know, he he he should have done that. I I thank God for him actually. You know, it's just like a child. If you have a child and you correct your child and and you know, and and they they don't like you correct them, but when they get a little bit older and then they get married and they come back to you and they say, "Dad, I appreciate you for staying on me because can you imagine where I'd have been if you wouldn't have?" And you was right. Remember that one time when I I told you, "Well, I don't know what you're talking about, Dad." Well, you did know what you were talking about and you was right about that. You know, but but it's a time of reflection and it shows maturity in a believer that when you can reflect upon our own lives and we can grow from our own mistakes. &gt;&gt; I know this may seem like an elementary message, but it's really deep. &gt;&gt; Whenever you can reflect on your own life that that nobody can make you it's what makes a real believer a solid believer &gt;&gt; that you don't just do things because because a pastor says you got to do it. In a lot of churches, they, you know, it just seems like to just force people to do things, but well, but that that's not what we want to do. I want you to reflect on your life, to find out what's missing in your life that you can grow. Find out the fruits that you're supposed to be manifesting. Can I tell you what they are? Paul said, "But this is the fruit of the spirit. The fruit of the spirit is love. It's joy. It's peace. It's longsuffering. It's gentleness. It's goodness. It's faith. It's meekness and temperance. And against such there is no law." In other words, you can have all the love you want to and there ain't no law against it. Hello, somebody. You can go out and love everybody and you'll never break a law of God. You can have all the joy you want to and you never break the law of God. There ain't no crime against having joy. There ain't no crime in rejoicing. There ain't no crime in being longsuffering to those that are in trouble that are found in sin. And you forgive them today and you forgive them tomorrow. And you forgive them the next day and you forgive them next week. and you're long-suffering because they're going through a struggle. And you'll never find that it be a crime before God for you to be long-suffering. There's no crime in being peaceful. And there's no crime in trying to bring resolution when there's trouble amongst other people. &gt;&gt; There's no law against meekness. There's no law against temperance. You can be as meek as you want to. Isn't that wonderful? Hallelujah. You got free liberty to be as meek as you want to. There's no law against it. There's no law against temperaments or having a good temper. There's no law against it. Can I just say that again? There ain't no law against having a good temper. So go on and do it all you want to. Just have the best temper you can have and don't even worry about it because you'll never break the law. There's no law against having good temper. &gt;&gt; You can have all the love you want. Well, that just makes me feel good. You can have all the love you want. Nobody's going to frown at you. There ain't no lot. Some may get after you. Don't think that. I know that seems like there is sometimes you get somebody that gets a little free in the spirit and they say, "Well, there ain't no law against joy." But sometimes people try to make it that way. Somebody starts to worshiping and clapping, praising God, and that little spirit will come in. Say, "I don't know why they're doing that. They're just trying to get emotional or something." But don't worry, you just go ahead and be the way you feel like being and worship God the way you want to cuz there ain't no law against it. &gt;&gt; So, just let them worship and let them clap and let them dance and let them sing and let them praise God because there ain't no law against joy. Amen. &gt;&gt; Paul said, "If we live in the spirit, &gt;&gt; let us also walk in the spirit." &gt;&gt; In other words, our nature changes. But Ron said, "When you're a Christian, your nature is a Christian. You don't have to say now you don't smoke and you can't drink and you can't do that." He said, "You don't have to say that to a Christian." He said, "They just don't do it anyhow because their nature is different. The spirit of Christ is in the person and Christ don't do those things." &gt;&gt; He said, "Well, you have to love the Lord and you ought to go to church." He said, "You don't have to tell a Christian that. &gt;&gt; You don't have to tell a Christian that you ought to go to church, and you don't have to tell a Christian that you ought to love the Lord." He said, "You don't have to tell them people that. They go anyhow. They'll walk through rain. They'll go. They're going through death to go to church, and they love it. They just got to get there. That's all there is to it. It's their life. If they if if they don't, they feel like they're perishing." He said, "You got to get there." And whenever there's just something there's burning in your heart, they don't go there to argue. They don't go there to fuss, but they go there to worship God. And then they go home refreshed. Isn't that a wonderful life? Isn't that Isn't that what a Christian really is, brother Mark? You don't have to make a Christian be a Christian. You don't have to make them worship God. You don't have to make them go to church. You don't have to make them praise God. You don't have to beat them into saying amen. You don't have to force them to read their Bible. You don't have to make them pray. You don't have to make them stand on the things of God. You don't have to make them love one another. You don't have to make them be longsuffering. It's because there's a Christian. They're a Christian and the nature of Jesus Christ is on the inside of them and it's expressed in their life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't have to make a Christian be a Christian. &gt;&gt; Now, isn't that wonderful? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't have to make them. See, the evidence of our life manifests what we are. &gt;&gt; We're Christians. How many Christians do we have here? &gt;&gt; Amen. You know what I see when I look around the room? I see a room full of Christians, &gt;&gt; believers that love the Lord. You know how you can tell because you know can I can I just be can I just be free this morning? Let me tell you how you you can tell the maturity of a Christian is when somebody does something wrong and you go to them and they accept it. &gt;&gt; You know how refreshing it is to go to somebody and say brother you know this really wasn't the right thing and y'all you handled that wrong and you know just according to the word it just you know it just wasn't right. Says you know what brother I'm sorry about that. We we shouldn't have done that. Let me let me go go back and correct it. It's a maturity &gt;&gt; of a believer. &gt;&gt; So you don't you don't have to beat them up over it. You just help them to grow into it. &gt;&gt; So see that's what we are. Our lives manifest the life of a Christian. The evidence of our life manifest what we are. That's what happened to Daniel. Daniel knew the penalty. But Mark, he knew he he he knew what they would do, but he was willing. He was willing to pay the price because his life was going to manifest what he was what he was. So he went down and he prayed. The Bible says when they found him praying, they took him and they threw him over in a den of lions and they sealed up the door. The king, Bible said, but the king, because he loved Daniel, he stayed up all night and he lamented and he worried and tossing and troubled. I thought, isn't it something that all night long the king was tossing and troubled and and troubled about and had a sleepless night. But the whole night the king was worrying. Daniel was laying in a dinner line rested. But remember that that old lion, he just come over there. Daniel, he just slept all through the night. He he just make a pillow out of it just to lay there and rest. I thought they they may be worrying, but Daniel wasn't worried because Daniel was what he was. He was a Christian. He he believed God. He he knew what he was. I I I say a Christian, but you know what I mean. He was a believer of God. And because he was a son of God that they may have worried all night, but Daniel didn't worry. The Bible said, "And the king rose the next morning and he came down to the den of lions and he cried out unto Daniel. He said, "Oh Daniel, servant of the living God, is thy God whom thou serve continually able to deliver thee from the lions?" And Daniel said, "Oh king, live forever." Can you imagine his voice up against that against that stone? Oh king, live forever. For my God has sent his angel, and he has shut the lion's mouths and they have not hurt me. For as much as before him innocency was found in me, and I have done him no hurt, and I have done you no hurt. The Bible said, "And the king was exceeding glad. And he said, he commanded they should take Daniel out of the den. And they took him out. He said, "And Daniel was found alive because he believed in his God. &gt;&gt; And they took the accusers of Daniel and their families and their wives and their children, and they threw him down in the den of lions." And the Bible said, "And the lions devoured all of them, but Daniel they did not harm." And then the king made another decree. He said, "Since these decrees, since they can't be changed, and since they're made after the law of the Mes and Persians, and nobody can change them," he said, "I make a decree that in every dominion in my kingdom that men would tremble in fear after the God of Daniel, for he is the living God and steadfast in uh forever, and his kingdom that shall never be destroyed, and his dominion shall never be an end." &gt;&gt; He's got a God that is able to keep him. He's got a God that does signs and wonders. He's got a God that can deliver him. He's got a God that is able to bring him uh through through through the the night in the den of lions. He's got a God that is able to bring him through. &gt;&gt; You realize, friends, Daniel had something that held him through the middle of the night. He had something that would hold him through the law. It held him through the decree and then it held him through judgment. And I think of it, in the time of law, his hope was in the Lord. In the time of judgment, his hope was in the Lord. You say, "Brother Matt, that was good for Daniel, but what about us?" Can I have just a minute? That was good for Daniel, but what about us? Daniel's hope was in the Lord. He had something in him that even though he knew it would cause him his death, but he would still kneel down and he would pray to God. It don't matter what the men say. It don't matter what decree they give, there's something on the inside of me that caused me to hold to the word of God. And the word of God called me to bow down before God three times a day. So, I find myself obeying the word of the Lord. It didn't matter what the man said. There was something in him that held him to God's word despite the decree that was put upon his life. &gt;&gt; Said Paul said, listen, he said, we had that same thing. He said, which hope we have as an anchor of the soul, both sure and steadfast, and which enterth into that within the veil. In other words, Paul said, we have an anchor, brother Wesley, that goes beyond the veil. &gt;&gt; I won't be long on this. I just want you to catch it. We have an anchor that goes beyond the veil. Isn't this something? See, our anchor of our soul, it's went beyond the veil and it's anchored. Isn't that the way it is with a ship? You ever notice a ship out at sea here and it's tossed to and fro and the waves are are pulling it out and it's trying to to stay a course, but in the middle of storm, brother Mark, all of a sudden when the storm strikes, it can't stay on its course. In the middle of the storm, it ain't got no time to run. There ain't no time to flee. But but because the storm is great, the only choice that it has is to drop anchor in the face of the storm. And it's anchor. When the ship's anchor, it goes down to the bottom. It's trying to find something solid that it can hook on so that in the middle of the storm, it won't get thrown out of its course. So at after the storm passes by, then the ship can carry on its way. I thought, isn't that the way it is with our life that we have an anchor that would go down and find something? Brother Mah, let me tell you this, church. In the middle of a storm, it ain't the time to run. In the middle of a storm, it ain't the time to try to flee and out try to outrun the wind and outrun the waves and try to flee from it. But in the midst of the storm, it's time to drop anchor. &gt;&gt; That's when you anchor yourself in the word of God. That's when you buckle down in God's word and say, "The devil's trying to pull me this way or pull me that way or to turn my heart or to turn my life, but Lord, let me anchor in the word of God." In the middle of the storm, you drop anchor. Abraham said, "Here it comes." That anchor drops beyond the veil. You think about when an anchor goes down. So, see, it drops beyond the veil of water and you can't even see what it's attached to because it's anchored beyond the veil. &gt;&gt; And here it finds a mountain or a rock down there beyond the veil to the bottom of the sea on the top of some big mountain until it holds on to a crevice and then the sea can't move it no more. It's anchored out of sight. He said, "And every person that has received Jesus Christ as a personal savior that's been born again of the Holy Spirit, you've dropped an anchor." Hello, somebody. Every person that's been born again, you've dropped an anchor. Therefore, if you're sick, your hope is built on Christ. You've dropped an anchor. If the doctor says one thing or another, but your hope is built on Christ, you've dropped an anchor. It says, "See, your faith is anchored beyond the veil." That means it don't matter what waves may rise. Can I just say it like this? The waves may rise and symptoms may rise in our life and circumstances they may rise in our life. But my anchor goes beyond the veil. My anchor is not anchored in the in the surface. It's anchored beyond the veil. He said here the fever may rise, six spells may rise, anything, but somewhere out yonder in that mystic land. What you have got your hopes built on. Even when the doctor said it's gone, the medicine says it can't do nothing. Surgery has failed. He said, "But my hope is not built in that." But we have our hope within the veil. &gt;&gt; You say, "What veil is my hope in?" He said, "It ain't the veil of water like when you're at out at sea. It ain't the veil of a church, but tomorrow," he said, "but that veil is through the shedding of his blood that tore his spirit from his body." And between that veil, the anchor has caught a hold of something. That means it don't matter, brother Travis, what we're facing. It don't matter what what trials that we're going through that here. Paul said, "We have a strong consolation." Do you realize that not everybody had a strong consolation? This wasn't to everybody. Paul said, "You said it wasn't everybody." Well, who who was it to? Paul said, "We have a strong consolation who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us." In other words, the ones that have a consolation are those that was willing to drop anchor. It's those that have fled for refuge, those that have laid hold upon the hope, those that have laid their anchor down in the time of storm. if they're not willing to drop anchor, they don't have that strong consolation. &gt;&gt; He said, "But because we're willing to lay hold upon the hope that is set before us." So, so brother brother Mark, we that's why we that's why we drop anchor in the word of God when we're going through many things and many trials. I know people try to anchor their life in a lot of things. They try to it took me too long to get here, but but they they try to anchor their life in a lot of things, but friends, there ain't no other anchor that's going to hold you there. They they they try to find refuge in many things. They anchor in a job and say, "Well, as long as I got this job, everything's going to be okay." But friends, you can't anchor in a job because the job can fail you. You can't anchor in the church because the church can fail you. You can't anchor in a in a preacher, in a brother, in a mama, in a daddy. You can't anchor in nobody else cuz every one of us can fail you. But there ain't but one place that you can anchor in. You must be anchored in Jesus Christ and Christ alone. We had to find an anchor in the time of trouble. What do I do? I don't flee. I drop anchor. I dig down in the word of God. I find me a rock somewhere that applies to my situation and I drop anchor in it that it'll hold me in the middle of a storm. &gt;&gt; We find anchor in Jesus Christ. Christ is his word. That's why we put so much emphasis on the word of God &gt;&gt; because that's where that's it becomes an anchor. You think about it. You take every promised word, brother Wesley, it becomes an anchor in every situation. Is that not true? the promised word. Whenever whenever the greatest circumstances can come to your life, the only thing that holds you is you have an anchor in the word of God. &gt;&gt; If it ain't for no other reason that God would allow things to come to your life just to prove to you that you're really anchored in the word, then I say let the storm come. That just to prove that we're anchored in the word because that's what's going to take us through the one day we're going to have to cross through this threshold of time into eternity. And we want to make sure and be sure that we're anchored in the word of God. anchored in Christ. &gt;&gt; Said, see, you can take every promised word of God, it becomes an anchor to you. A promised word, can I say it like this? Under the shed blood becomes a stronghold to every believer. &gt;&gt; I believe that this morning. And you know what the best part about it is? Is that our anchor isn't just blindly hooked into something. &gt;&gt; I think this is so good. said, "See, our anchor was delivered to its resting place." This is what Paul said. He said, "Whether the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus, he was made a high priest forever after the order of Melchazdc." Isn't it something? So here he says that the our anchor goes beyond the veil, but our anchor when it went beyond the veil, but there was one that went before us that became a high priest. He entered in beyond the veil and came a high priest beyond the veil before we would ever come to this place. You know, I got to think about how how the other here a few years ago, we were out there on the lake and me and brother Dave, I believe it was, and we were out there on the lake and and uh and going diving and doing some spear fishing. We got out there in Lake uh um out in Hot Springs and storm got so bad, it's a real big lake and we had just a little bitty boat and it it got so bad it was blowing that boat every which way. But you can still it was just windy and choppy and but this sun's still shining and underneath the water you can still go fishing and you because you're you're way down below the waves. But we we got out there and we threw the anchor but every time we would throw the anchor it just kept dragging along the bottom of the lake and the wind was just blowing it along the bottom of the lake and and we we fought for an hour or so trying to get our boat to be able to stay because you don't want to go diving and leave your boat unhooked. You you'll never be able to find your boat when you come back up. So here after a little while we struggled and struggled and threw the anchor down and brought it back up and threw it back down and brought it back up. After a little while I said, "Brother, this is silly." He said, "What?" I said, "We're scuba divers. We've got scuba gear here. We have an anchor that can't take hold. We've been fighting this for half an hour or an hour." So finally, I just put on my scuba gear and I put on my tank and got my mask and fins. I dropped about 60 feet down in the water. I found the anchor and I let the water or the the wind pull us back until I found a rock over in that lake. And I took the anchor anchor and turned it down and jammed it down there in that rock until it got a hold. Then I went back up and said, "Now we're good. We're on a rock." I thought that's the same thing that Paul was saying that Jesus done for us. Our anchor did not blindly f find its way beyond the veil. He said, "But we have one that has gone before us." He's the forerunner that entered in beyond the veil. our anchor. Our our soul is anchored in Jesus Christ. And he went as our anchor beyond the veil. And he found a place to lay anchor that would hold us through every storm. He said, what did he do? He became the high priest after the order of Melazdc. My isn't that powerful how he became, you say, well, how did he go before us? He became the high priest. He hooked us into a rock, brother Mar, that we could be sure and certain that his word would come to pass. But Ram said he came down. He was in the beginning. The Bible said he was the word. He was the logos. It went out of God. The logos in the beginning. And then he became the word. Then he ascended upon that glorious day of Easter. He became not only the word but he came became the high priest of his own word. So here the word came down became logos became flesh upon the earth. Then he went back into the heaven and he became the high priest of his own word. He said, "Then how could we doubt it or walk or walk to him and not believe that we're going to receive what we ask for? For he and the word and the He's the word and the intercessor of the word." So, not only is he the word of God, but he went and he hooked the anchor in something that we could be established in. He became the intercessor of the word. So, he gave you the promise and then he interceded to make sure that the promise was given by him. He said he became the high priest. You realize what I I ran out of time this morning. You realize what it means to be the high priest. And being the the high priest in the Old Testament was the mediator between God and man. So every man before Christ had to go to the high priest and ask the high priest to get a hold of God for me. You realize what they had to do. Can you go and make a sacrifice? And according to the Old Testament, the high priest would go out and he would go out and he would lay a a sacrifice for his own sins and his own failures. And after he would make a sacrifice for his own sins, then he would go and he would make a sacrifice on behalf of the people and he would intercede for the people and the needs that they have, he would bring before God as an intercessor that God would be able to meet their needs. Said, see that was in the Old Testament. That's what a high priest does. You've seen it in ex started in Exodus the 28th chapter under the the Aeronic priesthood. But the the Bible says that Aaron and his sons uh the the the brother of Moses and his sons from among the children of Israel would be ministered in the priest's office. They were all that that he became a high priest. He became uh the one that was anointed to office. Only the high priest is anointed. He was anointed to that office. He's anointed with oil. The the high priest wears a special garment that the other priests don't wear. The the the high priest is the only one that could enter into the holies of holies. And whatever the needs of the people were, it was the high priest that's able to take it before God. In other words, he could go beyond the veil of the holies of holies and meet God there and intercede on their behalf and bring the answer from God back to the people. And this this is what the Bible said in the New Testament. He said, "But Jesus is the high priest right now. He continues the high priest after the order of Melazdc. He's the high priest forever. There's no other high priest but him. No other mediator between God and men but the man Christ Jesus. That's right. He's the only one. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And brother Bam said, "So if he remains the same high priest, and the Bible says we can touch him by the feeling of our infirmities like that little woman that touched his garment, your faith can touch him tonight, he'll act the same way in human flesh like he did when he was in human flesh because he is the high priest of our infirmities." That's right. &gt;&gt; And the best part, brother David, is he wasn't a high priest after the Levitical law. He wasn't a high priest. Why didn't the Bible say he was a high priest that would carry after the Arenaic priesthood? He couldn't have came after the Aaronic priesthood. Matter of fact, he didn't even come from the tribe of Levi. It was from the tribe of Judah. Never in the Bible did you find a priest that came or a high priest that came out of the tribe of Judah. So, so it had to be after a different order than the order of the Levitical law, which demanded that a high priest could only come after the tribe of Levi. So, every high priest all through the Old Testament that came from the tribe of Levi from Aaron on down that from that Levitical priesthood. And see, brother says, see, but God had to bring him after the order of Melazdc. He said, watch why he done it. He said he would in if perfection because if perfection came by the Levitical priesthood, for under it people receive the law. He said, "Then why would there need to come another priest that would rise after a different order? If perfection could come by Levitical law and a Levitical priesthood, then why would God have to send another priest after a different order, the order of Melazdc, and not be called after the order of Aaron?" He said, "See, the law or the legalist," he said, says you have to do this or don't do this. You're not a Christian if you don't keep the Sabbath, if you don't eat meat, if you do these things. He said, "All of these are legal ideas. And if you've got to do that to go to church, if you don't, you're going to pay a penalty for it. He said, you got to do a novena, all these stuff. He said, but that stuff is nonsense. &gt;&gt; It's nonsense. If you had to do all that and uh to go to church and all that to be right, all that legal, he said, that stuff is nonsense. You're saved by the grace of God and by the fornowledge of God, by his predestination. God called Abraham by predestination. He He hated Esau. He loved Jacob by fornowledge and predestination. It's God's fornowledge that knows these things. &gt;&gt; Said, so it's not by the law. That's why the the our high priest couldn't come after the Levitical priesthood. He had to come after the order of Melazdc, which had no beginning of days and no ending of night. You see what God did? He went right around that whole law. And he raised up a high priest, brother Mah, that was outside of the Levitical law that would be able to go all the way to the throne of God. &gt;&gt; He said, so that we're saved. He said, 'Well, what's the use of preaching the gospel then? If everybody's saved by predestination, can I just tell you kind of I'll just let Jesus answer it. He said, 'The kingdom of heaven is like a net that was cast into the sea, and it gathered every kind. When it was full, it drew to the shore, it set down. There was good vessels that was kept, and the bad was thrown away. He said, "That's the way the end of the world will be. The angels shall come and sever the wicked from among the just, and that the that the wicked will be cast into the furnace of fire." When you cast out a net, brother Mark, what do you catch? You may catch fish, you catch turtles, you catch snakes, you catch uh uh uh uh frogs, anything that could be caught in the net. But Ram said, "That's like the gospel." He said, "I'm just preaching the gospel. We throw the net out. When I pull it back, all whosoever will let him come." He said, "And here they come up to the altar. They all hang around the altar. They pray. They cry. I don't know one for another. It's not my business. I wasn't sent to judge. I'm a gospel preacher. It's God that discerns who they are." &gt;&gt; But listen, I think this is one of the most powerful scriptures. I wanted to get to this. I think this is one of the most powerful scriptures in the Bible. Paul said, "But this man, because he continuthth forever, hath an unchangeable priesthood." So here that Christ not only is our anchor, he's our anchor. That's beyond the veil. But he took the anchor &gt;&gt; beyond the veil and he hooked it right at the throne of God &gt;&gt; and he became the intercessor to make sure that there wasn't nothing nothing missing that you that there wasn't no way to keep you from the presence of God. And then he says, "But this man, because he continuthth forever." Somebody say, "Forever." &gt;&gt; Don't that include now? &gt;&gt; He continuth forever, he hath an unchangeable priesthood. &gt;&gt; That all that he ever done, he still does today. He said, "Wherefore he is able to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he liveth forever to make intercession for them." A isn't that wonderful that our anchor lives to make intercession for us. &gt;&gt; Friends, I I can't find nothing in my life worthy enough to even talk to God. But I thank God I have an anchor that lives for the very purpose of making intercession for me. That this was his purpose of living upon this earth. It's his purpose of of being alive is to intercede for you. He said, and he's anchored it. He he he became such a high priest for us. He said, for such a high priest became us who is holy. Somebody say holy. He's harmless. He's undefiled. He's separate from sinners. He's been made higher than the heavens. And he don't need daily like those high priests to offer up a sacrifice first for his own sins and then for the people because he done it once. And that's all he ever had to do when he offered up himself. For the law maketh men high priests, which have infirmities. But the word of the oath since the law maketh the son who is consecrated forever more. He says, "See the law, it would bring a high priest of men that had infirmities. They would always have to make things right. They'd never be okay with God. There ain't no sure steadfast. There's no real anchor in it. But now God has sent an anchor to us, a hope that has became an anchor to our soul. And this man, Christ Jesus, who is our high priest, who has anchored us into the throne of God, but mark that we could be consecrated with God forever more." The word of the oath which was since the law maketh the son who is consecrated forever, forever more. I don't know about you, but that makes me want to shout this morning &gt;&gt; to think about God having an anchor for my soul. &gt;&gt; Brother Mark, something that you even holding on to, something that he took, let me tell you what he done as a music player is when I come. &gt;&gt; He came and took a hold of your heart. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And stretched the line from your heart to the throne of God. &gt;&gt; And he hooked it right there at the throne of God. &gt;&gt; He became an intercessor for you. So the very desires of your heart and the needs that you have in this life are heard by him. &gt;&gt; And he made sure it the very promises. He said, "Here's the promise. You're the promised children. Here's the promises of God. But I'm going to go make sure &gt;&gt; that whatever you have need of, it's done. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go make sure that that you have a place to anchor your soul. That it ain't in men that fail and infirmities of men or the laws of men, but it's in the grace of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; the anchor of our soul. said, "God be blessed forever, Continueth forever after the order of Melazdc, the one that never had a beginning and never had an ending. Had no beginning of days or ending of night, but it was he that came." Isn't it something? An eternal God. You know what that means, Brother Caleb? It means an eternal God that he knew all your failures and all your mistakes and he knew how you'd be raised and what would take place in your life. Ain't nothing ever caught god off guard. He knew where you'd come from and what kind of religion you'd be raised in. God knew all that. But by his own fornowledge, he knew who you were. And God in this time he would come down and watch over your life and till it came to the time of his appointment. And then he would reach down from that throne of heaven and he would come down there and he would attach that to your heart and he would begin to draw you. And all of a sudden everything in your life that you just kind of went went with it. Whatever life led you, you just kind of went with it. Wherever your friends and peers as young men, wherever they lead you, you just kind of go along with the flow. But then one day, all of a sudden, you get to the end of that anchor cord and something just gets a hold of you. You know what it does? Let me tell you something. What every anchor does? When you put an anchor in the bow of a boat, it draws the boat's attention to where the anchor is anchored. It don't matter what way this boat is aiming, but when the anchor takes hold, that whole boat just spins around and it stands at attention &gt;&gt; to where the anchor's being held. So that's what God done to our life. &gt;&gt; That whenever he tugged at our heart, by the way, he called us to attention &gt;&gt; that there's one beyond the veil. Said, "Well, I can't see where it's hooked at. I can't see it." But you can take a hold of that cord and know that it's there. &gt;&gt; But something's anchored. I I can't see what it's hooked into. I I may not be able to see beyond the veil, but I know one thing. It's anchored. I can feel the tug on the rope. It's anchored. Whenever a storm comes, you know, you know when you feel it the most. In calm seas, you don't feel the anchor. It just kind of floats along. You're just easing. But in a when a rough sea comes, brother Tim, that's whenever you know the anchor's there. &gt;&gt; So don't don't shun all the rough seas. Those rough seas are a reminder that God has us anchored beyond the veil. &gt;&gt; Lord, I thank you. Maybe we could do that this morning as you stand to your feet. Sometimes it does us good. Lord, I thank you for a trial. I thank you for some hardship and things that come up upon my life that would remind me that I have an anchor that holds because I know that's what I'm going to need in the end. And I thank you for the reminder. It ought to give you courage, friends, that in a time of trouble, we have an anchor of our soul. [Music] Satan don't win. He don't win. He You don't go back to the world and back into sin. Satan don't win. God wins. He won a victory over your heart a long time ago. And let me tell you this, end of the day, Satan's the loser and God's the winner. He'll win. He'll he said, "I've never lost a one. All that the father has given me will come to me. I've never lost a one." &gt;&gt; Isn't it something? Even though we fail and sometimes we lose sight of God, but God never loses sight of us. We're held in the palm of his hand. The Bible says he can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. That means he cares about what you're going through. He cares about your trial. I know Satan wants us to be hard and our hearts to get hard, but friends, it don't matter what you're going through this morning. Just let your heart be soft before God. I wonder how many lift your hand and say, "Let me make that kind of a pledge this morning. Lord, let my heart be soft before you. Lord, let me serve you. God bless you, real Christians, real believers. Lord, let me let me dedicate my life to you a new Lord. Let me look past for a few moments past the waves that are that are crashing upon the ship and let me just close my eyes to the waves around me and let my heart just feel the anchor, the anchor that's attached to my soul. Lord, let me just feel it this morning. Isn't that what you want? Won't you just talk to the Lord just for a minute? said, "Lord, I just thank you, Lord, for holding me in the time of trouble, when the trials of my life would come great, but there's something that's just holding on to me. Lord, I thank you for it this morning. God, how you've never failed us, Lord. God, you see our hands, Lord, this morning, God. I just pray, Lord, that each person today, God, may we be able to get a hold of that anchor line, Lord, to feel what is holding us, God. May you give a reminder to us this morning, God. I know how easy it is, Lord, in the time of persecution and Lord, a time of great trials. Lord, in the midst of this evil age, Lord, how we get in our flesh sometimes, but Lord, I just know that sometimes we just need a reminder, Lord, that you're still there and you're the one that's holding on. God, I just ask you, Lord, that you would give a little tug this morning, Lord. Tug on every heart, Lord, every soul, Lord. God, may you tug at our hearts, Lord, to know that you're there, God, that you're holding us, Lord, that that your word is keeping us through the storms, God, that in just a few days, Lord, it'll all pass, God. May our attention and our heart be upon you. Lord, we just thank you for it now this morning. God, knowing in a few days, Lord, this life that's a few days and full of trouble. All the the clouds are going to fade away and the waves are going to subside. Lord, we'll walk right onto heaven shore. God, we just ask you, God, remind your children, Lord, those that need a reminder, Lord. Lord, that they have an anchor beyond the veil. Oh, we thank you for it now in Jesus name. [Music] Though the ship is battered, the anchor holds. Oh, [Music] I have fallen on my knees [Music] as I face a raging sea. The anchor holds [Music] in spite of the storm. Can you sing it with me? My anchor holds. My anchor hold. [Music] Oh, the ship has been battered. [Music] It's my anchor. All the saves are to have fallen on my knees. And I faced a raor [Music] hold in spite of the storm. I know my angel hold the ship is better. [Applause] is my anchor. [Music] Though the sails are [Music] for I have fallen down on my knees when I face a raing se. I have an anchor that holds. How many say that's your testimony this morning? I want you to sing to the Lord. Will I have journey through the long dark night out on the open sea [Music] and by faith alone and sight unknown. Oh, yet I had his eyes watching me and now the anchor holds. How many has an anchor this morning? How many say, "Brother man, I I know it's holding on to me this morning. It's led me through many great trials in my life. It's It's established me upon a solid rock. Yes, my anchor holds though the shells are torn. And I have fallen on my knees and I face toy. But my anchors do hold in spite of the storm. Yes, my anchor still holds the ship is matter. Yes, my anchor holds though the s are to where I have fallen on my knees as I face the raing sea. [Music] The anchor hold in spite of the storm. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my day I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. How many has an anchor that holds beyond the veil? Amen. I just thank God that he would remind us this morning, that we're not alone. Amen. You're not holding on to him. He's He's &gt;&gt; Isn't that wonderful? He's tied on and he's made the angry. How can we be lost? If you're predestinated of God, you can't ever be lost. Isn't that wonderful? You can't go too far away from God that God won't find you. You can't be lost when you belong to God. &gt;&gt; I thank God. How many belong to God? Won't you just claim it this morning? I belong to God. I'm something to God. I'm a daughter of God. I belong to him. Amen. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. Certainly wonderful. Brother Joe, would you come close us in a word of prayer this morning, [Music] Lord, thank you Lord that you came down and spoke to our hearts. Lord, thank you Lord for this anchor that holds in the midst of this storm. Lord, we thank you for everything, Lord. Just ask you would go with us, Lord. Lead and guide us, Lord. Want to give you all thanks for everything. In Jesus holy name I pray this. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Next Sunday, I won't be here. I'll be ministering for brother Wayne at True Word Tabernacle. So y'all just keep us in prayer. Brother Andrew will be taking our service uh Sunday morning. So just remember those meetings in prayer. God bless you this morning as you go. Can we sing? I've got a feeling everything's going to be. Amen. [Music] Well, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Well, a little boy named David went out to find a giant. And everybody laughed at such a funny little side. A little shepherd boy armed only with a sling. And beside mighty Goliath seemed such a puny little thing. But David said, "You come to me with spear and a sword." But I come to you in the name of the Lord.
