################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Bro Matt Morse  Manifesting the Works of God 06-29-2025 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    Bro Matt Morse | Manifesting the Works of God |06-29-2025
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTY0U02E0QY
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Three. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Between an army and the sea, it must have felt forsaken waring why God wasn't all he said he Oh, when your backs against the wall. Oh, that's the hardest place of all. Oh, somewhere between and Oh, let's all stand and sing that chorus now. Oh, God will make a way when there seems to be no way. Oh, forever. He is faithful and he will mar. Oh, when you bear a heavy load, I know my God will make way. And when a wall of circumstances leaves you crying in the night and you struggle till your strength is almost gone. Oh God will gently hold you in. the shelter of his heart. And he'll carve a road for you to carry on. I know my God. He'll make a way when there seems to be no way. who forever. He is faithful and he will make a road when you bear a heavy load. Oh, I know my God will make a way. Oh, aren't you thankful for that this evening? No matter what you're going through, whatever you're facing, we know we have a savior and a maker that will make a way when there seems to be no way. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I know we got some out. Brother Joe's out in Georgia ministering. I believe Brother Andrew is still out in Florida ministering as well. So, just remember those brothers and we got some out sick. So, Brother Travis, will you open the service in a word of prayer? [Music] Oh, and the more that I surrender, hold the lier, my lord. Oh, the more that I release my cares. Oh, the more you take control. Oh, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love. Oh, let's sing that first verse now. Oh, it gets easier to understand this road. I'm traveling down. No more wave or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. Oh, and I know I'm heading to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. And the more that I surrender. Oh, the louder my Lord. And the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Oh, and the problems I had on yesterday are stepping stones to a higher place. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now my patterns of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Oh Lord, I love you, Lord. Oh, the more that I surrender. Oh, the lighter my Lord. Oh, the more that I Yes. Oh, the more you take control and the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live, oh Lord. Oh, sing that chorus once more to him. If you have a need, just lift it to him now. For the more that I Oh, and the lighter my Lord. Oh, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control, and the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, aren't you thankful we have a place we could take our burdens and our cares? Just lay him at his feet this week. Amen. Let's sing that song. Ain't God good? Ain't God good? How many you can say you're blessed this morning? Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings. Undeserving. That's what we are. We are to thank him, love and praise him little more today. and a whole lot more tomorrow will ain't God good. Give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him little more today. Our singing once more to him. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Glory, glory. Touch me. Glory, glory, glory, somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Sing it again now. Oh, and glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, and while I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touched me. It must have been a hand. Oh, while I was singing. Yes. And while I was singing, somebody touched me. While I was singing, somebody touched me. While I was singing, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, and while the bridge was preaching, somebody touch me. While the bridge was preaching, somebody touched me. While the bridge was preaching, somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord, I'm singing, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, and while I was singing, somebody touch me. While I was singing, somebody touch me. While I was singing, somebody touch me and must. Oh, let's all stand as the brothers come for offering. I'm singing glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been. I'll sing it once more. I'm singing. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, give the Lord a hand. Clap our praise this morning. How many you came for a touch? When you come expecting, I'm sure he'll show up and touch you this morning. Brother Morgan, we go pray the offering. [Music] [Music] Oh, glory and glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down and I feel better. Yes. So much better. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Yes, I feel better. Oh, so much better since I lay. Oh, my burdens now. Well, talk about happy. Yes, I'm so happy. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh, talk about happy. I'm so happy [Music] since I laid for my mercy. Cuz I'm going to walk on those streets of glory. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Well, I'm going to walk on those streets of glory since I laid. My bird is down. And I've been singing and I've been shouting. Oh, since I lay my birds out. Well, I've been singing and I've been shouting since I lay my burdens down. Well, glory, glory. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down, all give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful you've laid that burdens down? Amen. And it's good to have Sister Joyce back with us after her fall. Thank the Lord for touching her body. She'll get ready to bring her song special this morning. Well, talk about freedom. Well, I've got freedom. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Well, talk about freedom. I've got freom since I laid my burdens down. Well, I feel better. Yes, so much better. Oh, since I land my burdens down, well, I feel better. Oh, so much better since I laid. Oh, my burdens. Sister N. You'll be ready to sing right after her. [Music] You brought me through sorrow and pain. You were there every time that I called. You reached down and lifted me out of sin and shame. But tonight, Lord, just let me fall. Let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Let me hear your tender voice saying, "Let me come in." Oh, let me will I open the door? Well, I walked through the winter, felt death coldest steam, but the spring time brought strength to stand home. over too long a summer without any rain. Oh, what's left, Lord? But to have a great fall. Let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me know you as never before. Oh, let me hear your tender voice saying, "Let me come in." Oh, let me will open the door. Well, I walked through the winter, felt this coldest steam, but the spring time brought strength to stand tall. Over too long a summer without any rain. Oh, what's left, Lord, that you have a great fall. Oh, let me fall in love with you all over again. I'm sorry. Oh, let me hear your tender voice saying, "Let me come in." Oh, let me open the door. [Music] Even though my My spirit is low and it seems I can hardly go, but still I see victory. Many times I'm walking by faith. I can't see what lies before me, but still I see victory. I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. Well, you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the blood line. Many times our battles get hot and it seems like we're fighting a lot. Oh, I remember standing on the rock. So, Satan, if I were you, I turn around and I give up to do believe you're bound to lose. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. Well, you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Many times our battles get hot and it seems like we're fighting a lot. Oh, I remember standing on the rock. So, Satan, if I were you, I turn around and I give up to cuz believe you've already lost. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. Well, you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross. Sing that second verse. Let's all stand. Many times our battles get hard. Seems like we're fighting a lot. Oh, aren't you thankful you know where you're standing this morning? [Music] So Satan, if I were you. Oh, just tell him this morning cuz I do believe you're bound to lose. Oh, sing it now. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. Well, you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Oh, just remember can't cross the bloodline. [Music] Praise the Lord this morning, man. He may afflict our flesh. He may do a lot of things, Brother Tom, but he ain't going to cross the bloodline. Amen. How many times have you heard Brother Brown praying? He'd say, "Lord, I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over it." Amen. Thank you this morning for being so good to us. Such a privilege to be in the house of God. Man, we got some prayer requests this morning. And man, it says that Lance, a friend of Philip Martin, has gone to the ER for complications with his pancreas. Brother Harvey Savage and fell and injured his shoulder and he's in a lot of pain. and sister Lee and not feeling well. Let's pray for her. And brother David Hoffman turned in a request that friend of his, William Davis, has asked for prayer, he's having health issues. And how many believes that before they ever wrote down that our Lord knew all about it. Amen. But the Bible says, I heard a man saying the other day that oh, he said, you know, just the Lord will take care of it. Too proud to ask. But the Bible says ask. So I believe this morning that the children of God can come together and the authority was given to the church this morning, Brother West. So if you would, if you have something on your heart, you don't even have to raise your hand, but if you have something, raise your hand to the Lord. I know he knows all about it. Let's take these to the throne of grace this morning. our kind, precious heavenly father. Lord, there's such a mighty God this morning. I think sometimes, Lord, I won't speak for anybody else, but Lord, me, sometimes, Lord, in our humanity, we may try to limit you, but you're a limitless God. this today, Lord. And I believe that today that you're mindful of your children and so much that the Bible says that by your stripes, we're healed. And Lord, I heard brother Brandon saying it's in the scripture in Psalms that one day the children of Israel, they was on their road and they was in the will of God and they come down to the Red Sea and the Red Sea was in their way and Pharaoh's army was behind them and they had no place to go. And what a dark moment it looked like. And it looked like he was a poor general, but they was serving a supernatural God. And the Bible says that that God looked down out of heaven with angry eyes and the sea got scared and rolled back and they crossed on dry ground. Lord, I believe today that those that are sick and afflicted that you could look down today through the blood of Jesus Christ and this sickness would get scared and it'd have to leave. Lord, I believe your word is true today. The Bible says to come asking this morning. We're asking for your mercy and asking for your grace for these different ones, Lord. And those that raised their hand. And maybe somebody didn't even feel like they could raise their hand and have a need, Lord. Whatever it might be, maybe today, as we say in a sling, feeling blue today. But Lord, you're God. David said that you're a lifter up in my head this morning. God, I thank you for it, Lord. And I believe that you in the service today and believe you're mindful of us. And I pray that you'd be merciful to each one. And again, we thank you for your love and mercy and for this time that we have to fellowship. And Lord, that's what you wanted was fellowship. And I pray that each one that's here would be mindful today that we just want to love you. And thank you again. And those that couldn't be here, I pray you'd be with them. And we'd be careful to give you the praise. In Jesus name we ask it. Amen. And amen. [Music] As brother Matt makes plans to come, I was going to sing this and if you would, it's kind of something I sing as a special, but I believe that God's worthy of all our praise. So, if you would sing it with me, we come to honor the Lord this morning. It's good to see you. But brother Brian, I don't want to hurt your feelings, but it's good to see you while I'm here. But I come to see the Lord today, and I know you did, too. So, let's just take just a moment, if you would. I believe that he could speak to our hearts this morning through the preaching of the word. And let's just take a moment to worship him. And as brother Matt makes ready to come. And there was a mountain. There were three trees. [Music] There was a good man. And there were two things. A man called Barabus was doomed for a tree. But Jesus took that middle one. The rabbus went free. And I love that man in the middle because I know he first loved me. Oh, and praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. Oh, just loving this morning. Made it possible that I could go free. Think about the scene. A hill called Goga. the place of a skull. No yellow flowers, no trees in bloom. The scenery was so dull. Three crosses stood black and bold against a darkened sky. Not from pain, but a broken heart. That little man died. Oh, raise your hand to love him. And I love that man in the middle [Music] because I know he first loved me. And praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. That middle man made it possible that I could go free. If you would sing that second verse again. A hill called Goga. The place of a go. No yellow flowers, no trees in bloom. The scenery was so dull. Stood black and bold against a darken sky. Not from pain, but a broken heart. That middle man died. [Music] And I love that man in the middle [Music] because I know he first loved me. And praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. That middle man made it possible that I could go free. Amen. We was that Barabus, man. He was really He was guilty of it, but he got to go free. The Lord took our place. Man, um hate to speed it up after singing something slow, but could we sing uh I feel like traveling on. Um maybe F. I don't know. My heavenly home is proud and fair. I feel like traveling on. No pain, no death can enter there. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. It's glittering. The sun I'll shine. I feel [Applause] [Music] shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. home. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home is bright in fear. I feel like traveling on. I say the Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling. Amen. How many feels good this morning? Amen. Won't you just shake somebody's hand and go welcome somebody in the house of the Lord this morning? It's bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. I say the Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until that blessed home I see. I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling home. I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. [Music] Amen. How many say the Lord has been good to me? I said, how many say the Lord's been good to me? Amen. Can you give him a big hand clap of praise? I think he's been good to you. Amen. Amen. I just love the Lord this morning and sure good to be in the house of the Lord and Amen. How many say it's good to be here? Amen. And you know, I just want to say I appreciate each one. And certainly appreciate all the all the services that we've been having. And you know, I want to make a statement this morning before I get into the word. But I sure appreciate brothers and ministers and evangelists that God has called in this uh in this time to be able to come and be a help to us at our church and and uh we don't always uh get to take time but I appreciate every one of them. I know they uh many come from different places to be a blessing to us and uh I want to say this. I thank God for God called men and God- sent churches and uh that that stand on the word of God. But I never think that we're the only one and don't ever uh want anybody to ever get that thought in their mind that we think we're the only church that preaches the word. There are a lot of really wonderful churches that stand on the same gospel that we do. And I thank God for every one of them. We're not here to build our church. It ain't not here just to to try to build Grace Tabernacle, but we're here to build God's church and bring in members to that glorious kingdom of God by a new birth. That's our that's our zeal. That's the the vision of this church. And I believe it ought to be the vision of every person and it ought to be the heart of every believer. I I believe that's the way the prophet of God stood. He said, you know, there are there are uh uh whiskey or liquor stores on every corner and there's places of amusement in every city. He said, but what we need is churches on every corner doing their bit for the glory of God. And I believe that's what we want tonight. And he said, I never want to criticize them. I never have any criticism for them. And uh I think that ought to be our heart this morning is uh not to criticize one another but just to bring a unity of brotherhood amongst the brothers. How many believes that this morning? I I believe that's the zeal of our church. That's the stand that I want to make. That's what we want to be known for. And isn't that what Jesus taught us? He said, "Love your enemies, not love your friends." He said, "Love your enemies. uh do good to those uh that despitefully use you and bless them that curse you and that you may be the children of your father. Be ye therefore perfect. Isn't that something? Jesus said, "Love your enemies and be perfect." So, loving your enemies is a sign of perfection. I think that's what we ought to do. We ought to love everybody. And you know, that's that was the nature of God. That's that's what God done. The Bible says he made the sun to shine on the just and the unjust. He made the rain to fall on the just and the unjust. That's why Jesus said, "Love your enemies." Well, we may as well just say it. Love your enemy. How many knows what their enemies are? It ain't somebody in a foreign land. But can I just break that down for you? This is all free. But that word enemy comes from the Greek word ecos, which meant those that were hateful to you. That's the hardest people to love is the people that are hateful. But Jesus said, "Love them and be perfect." That's right. So, it's a sign of perfection to love those that are hateful. How many how many can do that this morning? Boy, I don't want to take the shout out of the church, but we may as well say amen. It's the word of God. Amen. Love your enemies and be ye therefore perfect. Amen. Is that our desire this morning? Amen. To love one another. And so, we just want to get uh maybe just bow our heads this morning and and and before we open the word of God and just ask the Lord to come. You have a need on your heart, just lift your hand to the Lord. I know he's mindful of what we have need of this morning. Let's just invite him to come. and gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege it is to serve you, Lord. And God, an honor I can say to be a son of God and to be a believer. And Lord, that you have called us in this hour. And Lord, I feel so unworthy, Lord, every time I think of that very thing. And but Lord, here we stand, Lord, today as a body of believers. Lord, we come together in thy precious name, Lord, to read the word of life, Lord, that you've given unto us. And Lord, we just ask you that you would come this morning and you would anoint these words. And Lord, let it come to life in the heart of every believer. Lord, let there be such a revival in our hearts this morning, God. That we would leave this place knowing that we've been in your presence. Lord, we ask you to help each one, Lord, that's in need. And Lord, we'll just give you the glory for all that you do. In Jesus name we pray. And the church says, "Amen." Amen. God bless you this morning. We just want to invite you to the scripture uh to the book of Revelations and we're going to read out of the third chapter and the 14th verse. We'll give you uh just a moment to get there. Revelations the third chapter in the 14th verse and then we'll also read from Ephesians the first first chapter uh following that. So Revelations 3:14 and we'll read down to the 18th verse. The Bible says, "And unto the angel of the church of the Leodysans, write these things the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot, I would that you were cold or hot. So then, because you are lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be rich, and white raignment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear, and anoint thine eyes with eyes, that thou mayest see. And I also want to read out of the book of Ephesians the the first chapter and we'll read from the fourth verse. The Bible says according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessings to the reading of the word this morning. I want to speak on this subject on manifesting the works of God. Amen. Now here in Revelations the third chapter, I know this is a very uh familiar scripture reading here uh uh we have many times has read uh through this and we know that uh Revelations the 2 and the third chapter. If you're a Bible studier uh you know that it's speaking uh not only uh of the of the churches that are in Asia, but it's speaking of ages of time from the time of Jesus's ascension until now. And uh we realize that this book of revelation it was written by John. It was a vision that John had on the aisle of Patmas. And as he would write about this he would come to this portion the second chapter and the third chapter and he he would begin to uh to reveal the condition of every age. as uh uh you know from the age of Ephesus to Samrna to Pergamus to Thitara, Sardis, Philadelphia uh here in this book or in these two chapters there lays 2,000 years of the history of the church. So if you look from now all the way back to the time of Jesus right in Revelations the second third chapter there's 2,000 years of church history that shows the condition of every church age. It shows the the message that God sent to that church and then a reward for overcoming uh in that very age. And so when you're reading through this and studying, you'll find in the in Leodysa, this this church in Leodysa, it actually shows the conditions of this age. Every age, it showed the conditions of the age. But when it comes to Leoa, it shows the conditions of this age is an age of lukewarmness. It's the it's an age of spiritual blindness. And I I realize that there were many that were born through the ages over the past 2,000 years that never experienced the spirit this age that we're living in now. There's been many believers and been many uh part of the bride. Brother Mark that has lived uh through all these years that didn't experience what me and you experienced today because we're living in a different age than they lived in. But but I want to uh uh as a as a foundation this morning, I want to note that uh that we're not the first people to experience spiritual blindness. Although although this scripture was talking about it was an age of spiritual blindness and here uh that that that it would be a blind they would not be able to see but uh we're not the first people to experience that because the many in the world uh throughout each age have been blind. There's been spiritual blindness. As a matter of fact, the the disciples even when they had asked Jesus one time, why would he speak in parables, Jesus answered, he said to fulfill the prophet Isaiah because he said hearing they shall hear and wouldn't understand and seeing they would see but they wouldn't perceive. He said for the people's heart is waxed gross. Their ears are dull of hearing. Their eyes they have closed lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears and understand with their heart and they would be converted and I should heal them. In other words, Jesus is laying a foundation to the disciples, saying that their ears are are are held from hearing and their eyes are blind from seeing to fulfill Isaiah so that they wouldn't receive their healing. So that they wouldn't be able to see. So Jesus says, "I speak in parables that their eyes aren't opened. I speak in parables so that they can't hear." Watch what he's doing here. He said, "But blessed are your eyes for they see, and blessed are your ears, for they hear." So even in the time of Jesus we find out that there were many that were spiritually blind. Even uh Mark the 11th chapter Jesus said I thank thee father uh the lord of heaven and earth because you have hid these things from the eyes of the wise and prudent and revealed them unto babes. So here Jesus uses two words. He says hid. Somebody say hid and then he says revealed. Somebody say revealed. So in these two words we see what Jesus is speaking of is spiritual blindness. So, so even from the time of Jesus, we find out that hiding and revealing have always been God's doing. So, so, so the hiding and the revealing, the hid and the reveal, it's always been something that God is doing. Even when it came to Israel, that's why Apostle Paul, he would say that blindness in part has happened to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles come in. That's why Israel became an enemy to the church. And Paul said they are your enemy when it comes for the gospel sake. He said, "But when it comes to election, they're not." Because when when it comes to election, they belong to God. And in the end, God's going to have them because he promised they would be his children. He said, "So because of your sake and the gospel sake, they're your enemy. They don't believe what you believe. They're going to persecute you. They're going to ridicule you for following after Jesus." He said, "They're your enemy in that sense." He said, "But in another sense, they're elected of God. But God has blinded them in this hour until the fullness of the Gentile has come in." So, so we see that all through the Bible there's been blindness that has happened in the world. All through the Bible, blindness has happened to the unbeliever. You say, well, what is the significance of saying this in Revelations the the third chapter? Why would God make it a significant to bring it to John in a revelations? If it's supposed to be a great revelation and blindness has always been there, spiritual blindness has always been around since the very beginning of time. But you realize, but the difference is in Revelations the third chapter, it's not talking about the world. It's not talking about the unbeliever. All through time, spiritual blindness was in the world and spiritual blindness was in unbelievers. But now when John writes this, now he's talking about the condition of God's church. He said, but now the church is blind. So here we're born in an age that the church has received spiritual blindness. We're born in an age that that we're not talking about unbelievers anymore. We're not talking about the world anymore, but we're talking about the church of the living God. He said we're living in the age when the church have become spiritually blind. This is the age when the church has become lukewarm. Can I preach an hour on that? Is this not the age of spiritual lukewarmness? I'm not talking about lukewarmness in the world or or lukewarmness in the unbeliever, but John's writing about the church of the living God. He said, "This is the age of lukewarmness in God's church." church. Isn't that the truth? You know why it's so hard to pray through? You know why it's so hard to come to church and and to be on fire for God and why it's so hard to get to a place spiritually where there's a revival burning in your heart? Because in this age of leosia, it's the age of spiritual lukewarmness. Not to the world. We're talking about to the church, not to the unbeliever. I'm talking about to the church. It's the age of lukewarmness. This is the age where the church was blind. It's the age where the church was miserable. It's the age where the church was in her nakedness. And listen what God done in this age just like he done in every other age. The Bible said this is a message unto the messenger of Leodysa. In other words, that God sent a message to this age. And I got news for you. Just like the age wasn't talking about the world. Neither was the message to the world, but the message was to God's church. It came right to the church. And according to John's vision, there would come a messenger to the church that would preach a message of repentance. That makes me want to shout to think about it. Isn't that the very message that John the Baptist had? It was a message of repentance. He said, but he would come and preach repent. And notice what it would do. That very message in this age, it would call a bride out of the church, a spiritual bride of Jesus Christ. And the very message of this age, it would take the condition of Leoa off of you and put the it put the spirit of God right back upon the church again. It would take the spirit of nakedness and clothe you with righteousness. It it would take you out of your misery. It would open the eyes of the church and it would set the church on fire again. The very thing that the church was in Le Oysia, the message of the hour would lift the church out of that very condition. I don't know about y'all, but that makes me want to shout all over this building that God would send a message to take the church out of this condition. Here it is. 2,000 years ago, it was talked about and prophesied and wrote about the condition that the church was going to be in in the year 2025. But when God looked down and he wrote that in the Bible, he said, "But I'm going to send a message in that very hour that'll bring the church of the living God, out of the condition of Leoa, I will clothe them. I will give them eyesight. I I will bring them out of their misery. I'll put a revival in their heart that right in the midst of lukewarmness, they can stand to their feet and raise their hands and say, "Amen and shout to the name of the Lord because the revival of the message of the hour has came to the church of the living God." I think this is a powerful point. It wasn't to a specific church either. It was to a bo y y'all feel like preaching this morning. It was to a body of believers. It was it was it was those that were called out of the church. So, one by one, their ears become open. one by one their eyes their eyes would open that they may see. I think this is a powerful point that John saw this in a vision 2,000 years ago which tells us that Jesus knew the end from the beginning. He knew that there would be the age. He knew that would be the condition. He knew what it would take to bring us out of it. He knew it would be a terrible age but he knew that there would be a people that would be able to overcome it. You say, "Brother Matt, the pressures of this age are too hard." You know, sometimes it feels that way. I think I'd rather live in the days of Jesus where I could have followed him around and been one of his disciples. I I think I'd rather lived in the days of Elijah where I could went up on Mount Carmel and watch him say, "Let the Lord God that answerth by fire be God." I I think I would rather live in the days of Apostle Paul when he was when he was leading the church and laying a a foundation and the miracles followed after his life. Wouldn't it have been much easier? Well, friends, I've got news for you. It might have been easier, but all I know is this. But the reward in Leodysa is far much greater. For Jesus said that he that overcomemeth in this age, I grant to sit with me in my throne. That means friends, if God put you here, then God knew that you could overcome this age. And he knew there'd be overcomers in this age. That's why Paul would write in Ephesians the first chapter, he'd say, "He has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world." Somebody say, "Amen." How many How many's part of that chosen? He He chose us in him before the foundation of the world. You know what that is? It's a type of election. And it's talking about election. That God chose you. He elected you before the foundation of the world that you might be holy and without blame before him in love. That means God saw you in this wretched condition and he chose you before the foundation of the world that you might be holy. You ever thought about that? That God chose you to be holy and God chose you to be blameless and God chose you to be in him in love that there couldn't be no blame put upon your life. He chose you. He elected you before the foundation of the world that me we might be without blame. And Paul said, "Having predestinated us under the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will." In other words, it is our destiny to be a child of God. Somebody say destiny. It's our destiny to be a child of God. That's our destiny. In other words, you are ordained. It's your ordained destiny is to be a believer. I know the church world don't like that term. I I can feel it every time you talk about it, but I'm going to give the devil a black eye anyway. They don't like to to talk about predestinated or or or that God chose. It makes God seem unfair, doesn't it? When you it does when you teach it wrong. See, and that's the only reason they don't believe in it because it isn't taught properly. But in and the ones that will accept that you have a predetermined destination, the ones that accept that, the only way they will accept it is by redefining destiny to fit their line of thought. Then they can believe it. I I read a I read a a a good Baptist uh uh uh deal the other day and he was talking about predestination. He says, you know, our destiny is a path of possibilities. He said, so in other words, that we have predetermined possibilities. So so that so we're destined by God because we're guaranteed to we're guaranteed to die or we're guaranteed to go in a in a rapture. You know, we we we you know, outside of a rapture, every one of us are going to die in this flesh. He said, "So our destiny is the possibility of heaven or hell." I thought, well, what a goofy bunch of stuff. That ain't what the Bible says. Our destiny is not a possibility. How could that even be a destiny? But the Bible says that we have a predetermined destination. Somebody say amen. But what they say is, well, that you can't have that because it takes away free will. But I can tell you what a prophet said. He said that don't take away free will. That's the very thing that that that God used in the Garden of Eden. That free will is what made them fall in the garden. Although that they were predestinated by God, you were called by God, you were chosen by God. He said, but but he said this is a great revelation. He said God had to let them sin. So he put them on a free moral agency because remember God knew that they were going to fall. The Bible says he created or said he created Eve knowing that she would fall. God is all knowing. God there's nothing ever caught God by surprise. So So they knew that she would fall, but he created her anyway. He knew they would be in that condition, but God wanted to manifest his attributes. But God certainly couldn't force them to fall. What kind of God would that be? He said, "How could he make them sin and remain God and punish them for something that he made them do?" But when he put man on earth in his partnership with him, he let that man act as a free moral agent. See, the same thing that he's got you on today. So, you can act any way you want to because you're a free moral agent. Therefore, he put the first one like that. He has to put the second one. Everyone liked that or he acted wrong in the first place. So everybody is on that same basis. We are free moral agents. See, so it doesn't take away predestination. God knows but but God knows what you're going to do. He knows where you're going to end up. So predestination don't take away free will. In fact, I believe this this morning that we are all predestinated to something. Whether you believe in predestination or not, every person in the world is predestinated by God. Let me just lay that out there so you can see where I'm going. Everybody in the entire world is predestinated by God. God knows every one of our end from our beginning. God knows where we're going to end up. There is a predetermined destination for every soul that ever walked up on the face of the earth. Or God isn't God. How could he be eternal and not know the destination of every human being? But we're all God knows. We're we're all predestinated because we are predestinated by the fornowledge of God. He's an eternal God. He knows the end from the beginning. And by fornowledge, God knows where we're going to end up. You say, well, you know, one said, well, destiny is our framework. And you know, our free will is what we build within that framework. And I I said, well, you know, you know that the reality of that is is that I believe even in that framework of your life that the things that you do is impressed by God for you to do it. It don't mean you don't do things that God don't want you to do because sometimes we do. But what is that that's drawing you to God? What what is that that that's leading you and pulling you and see God is impressing on you to build in the direction of his choosing? He he he puts little things by you. He causes people to come by and say something. He causes he drops a little something in your heart. He'll put a little sign on the side of the road. You'll read a little post on Facebook or something. God is always putting things in our life to to to impress upon us to build in the direction that God wants us to go. See, he's drawing us. But Mark, he pulls us right into our position and into our placing. Can Can I just ask you that this morning? How do you think you got here this morning? What What was it that caused you to come to church? I I'll just go ahead and say it. You were drawn here by God. You were drawn by God. You realize that this morning the casinos are filled up tonight. The light the nightclubs will be filled up today. The barrooms will be filled up. Clubs will be filled up. There's a lot of places that you could be, but there's something that draw you to the house of God to hear the word of God. You say, "Brother Matt, well, I'll tell you what Jesus said it was." He said, "No man can come unto me except my father would draw him first, and I will raise him up in the last day." You are drawn by God to fulfill your destiny. How many believe that this morning? You're drawn by God to fulfill your very destiny. I I read a comment uh tater on or commentary on that scripture. The Bible said the ver or the it says this verse implies that salvation is a gift from God. How many believe that? Say amen. It's not something that's earned by human effort, but it also emphasizes God's sovereignty and his active role in drawing people to the faith. My isn't that good? God has an active role in drawing us to the faith that he wants us to walk in. So I I say this, you say, "What was it?" I say, "What drew you is a connection between you and God." Just like our brother was preaching the other day on that on that natural seed and how that the sun because the sun would begin to shine. You realize that that seed it that that seed isn't doing anything on its own. It's being drawn by it. Every every lower species is drawn by a higher species. And so here the sun is drawing on it. It it can't help but go towards the sun because there's a draw there that pulls it to it. And just like the natural, it's the same way with a predestinated seed of God that whenever that seed is in you, you're drawn by the sen that whenever he's drawn, Jesus said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me." It's it's him that is drawing us to fulfill our destiny in this hour. I say everything has a destiny. I may as well preach it. Every the heavens have a destiny. The earth has a destiny. The world has a destiny. Even this great country that we live in, do you realize it has a predetermined destination? Brother Bam said that that's what it would do. You can find it in Revelations the 13th chapter. Remember the beast that would come up out of the land call under the image of that first beast which was that that pagan Rome that turned to paple Rome and and here that spirit of Catholicism would take over the world. But one day right out of America would come these great denominations under the world council of churches and they would fall under the image of that great beast and do the same things that it used to do. The very works of the beast will the will that same thing do. He said it would be a repeat performance of all the diabolical cunning and cruelty that was there before would be done again. It's the destiny of this nation. America, he said it's strikingly true. The United States, the very number 13 is a symbol of this nation. And it started with 13 colonies. Its flag has 13 stars and 13 stripes. And here is its destiny in the 13th chapter of Revelation. In this image, he said, see the world council church is all this ungodly satanic power that will vent the anger of the devil upon the true vine of God. So right here in the nation that we live in, brother Mark, is a spiritual oppression upon the true church of God. Why you think they make fun and persecute and put pressure? Let me tell you, that's where all the pressure will come from upon the church. Everybody's looking, it ain't coming from the world. It's coming from that great beast that that was rose up over in Rome. That that same spirit is in denominationalism that's putting pressure upon the church of the living God. But friends, I got news for you this morning. If a nation has a destiny and a world has a destiny and the church has a destiny, well, then so does the children of God have a destiny. And not only do we have a destiny, but God has given us a way to see it in this very hour. Brother Bam said, "Our election from God, it looks backwards to the fornowledge, but our predestination, it looks forward to our destiny. We were elected by God. It shows us where we came from, but we're predestinated. It shows us where we're going." Said, "See, election looks back." Said, "That's what happened to me. When I look at my life, you realize that our nature was an old cocka nature. And because that you were called of God and chose by God, elected by God, then he changed that nature to a grain of wheat. How many knows that he changed the nature to a grain of wheat? He said, "And I became wheat." And how did it happen? It was by election. Because God out of this whole field of cockaurs that's all over this field of the world that God would choose one that he would make a grain of wheat out of it. He said it was nothing but election that God would take that and make it a grain of wheat. He said before the foundation of the world he elected that cockaur to become a grain of wheat. He said now I know I'm a grain of wheat because I'm saved. You said well how did it do it? Well it looked back. You see what he predestinated a long time ago by fornowledge. He seen that I would love him. So he made a propitiation through his own son. God by fornowledge seen that I would love him. And he made a propitiation through his own son that through him I might come from a cockaur to a grain of wheat. And now, where am I at now? I'm saved. And I'm walking in the grace of God because God knew that I would love him. And God made a propitiation for my sin. He sent Jesus to the cross of Calvary cuz he knew that I would love him. And he's made a paid the price before I was ever born that I was elected by God to be a grain of wheat. You see, he looked back made I'm saved by the grace of God. He said, "What what does predestination do?" Predestination, it isn't looking back to where you came from. That's election. But predestination is speaking of a destination. It's talking about where you're going. It looks to your destiny. He said, "Where will he take me to? Where am I going?" It's looking to your destiny. And that's what's got you. I read that and I about shouted. In other words, that's what that's what's holding you. That's what's got you. That's what's holding you. That's what's anchored the church. He said because it looks to your destiny. Have you ever you ever thought about that? What's holding you in your place? Brother Mark, it's because you know your destination. And because you know your destination, you can make it through every trial. Because you know your destiny, you can go through hardship because you know at the end of the road where you're going to end up, that means it don't matter what the devil brings your way. The devil, you can bring the fire, you can bring the heat, you can bring the battle, but I already know where I came from. And now I know where I'm going. I know where I'll end up. I'm going to sit with him in his throne. I'm an overcomer in Leosa. I'm predestinated son and daughter of God. It holds you. That's what's got you. It's because you know your destination. Glory to God. Hallelujah. That's what's got you. Because you know your destination. You say, you know, see people that have so much struggle, they just don't know their destination yet. You know how people they they're so down all the time. They just don't know their destination yet. You take a man or a woman that finally has a revelation that they are predestinated by God and they're going to sit in the throne of God because they're living in the age of Leoa that God has already predetermined it and there ain't nothing going to hinder their re their arrival. Brother Mark, it'll put a revival in every heart to know that God has called me predestinated me before the foundation of the world. How many believes that we have a predetermined destination? Y'all ain't going to let me get to my thought. You have a predetermined destination. You are a part of the kingdom of God. You know what that means to me? That means that when you were in sin, you were a part of the kingdom of God. If you had a predetermined destination when you were lost, Brother Cody, you were a part of the kingdom of God. When you didn't know God, you know what, brother West? You were a part of the kingdom of God. I'll go as far as to say is the day you were born and your mama was packing around 7 and 12 pounds of the kingdom of God. You have always been a part of the kingdom of God. From the time you were born upon this earth, you were a part of God's kingdom. It is your destination. You were elected by God, chosen by God, predestinated by God to have an eternal destination. You say, "Brother man, I'm not sure about that." Well, the Bible is filled with stories of destiny. The whole Bible is filled with it. But I say this, not only do we have a destination, brother Mark, but or or have an eternal destination, but I believe that our destiny determines how that we even leave this earth. Whether we're going to leave by by the way of a grave or whether we leave by rapture, I believe that's predetermined. I believe God already knows the way you're going to leave this earth. How many believe that? My God's an eternal God. He already knows. We have a predetermined destination. We have a predetermined time of departure. Don't that make it a lot easier to live and not worry and fret about what tomorrow holds? We have a predetermined. It's our destiny how God's going to how God's going to take us. But you know what? I'll go a step further than that. I believe that God not only does he determine how we how you leave this earth, but I believe he determines how that you live on this earth. I believe that your destiny that God gave you determines how that you live while you're on the earth. I can prove that by the Bible. Look at the life of Joseph. He went from being an outcast in his family. Remember what the Bible said? He was his whole family kicked him out and his brothers, they didn't want to have nothing to do with him and they sold him. They sold him and kicked him out and he became a great leader of Egypt. He was sold into slavery and then risen into power. You say, "What was it?" It was his destiny. And because, think of it, why? Because he was born with a gift that God had given him. And that gift, it looked like that gift took him right to a pit. It looked like the gift put him in prison. It looked like the gift ended his life. It was a gift that maybe I shouldn't ever said anything about it, but let me tell you what it ultimately did. It brought a man to his destiny. God put something in his life that would bring him to his destiny upon this earth. He wasn't the only one God done it with. He done it with King David who was a shepherd boy living in a taking care of his father's sheep. But God took a shepherd and put him in the throne of a king because it was his destiny. What about Ruth? It was a poor Moabitis beggar that came in and was begging for scrap in the field of in the field of Boaz. But her destiny wouldn't remain to be a beggar or to be a Moabitis. But Boaz said, "I have purchased her. I bought her to be my wife. She took on the name of Boaz. She became a daughter of Israel. And she birthed the very son that would be the grandfather of King David. It was her destiny." Friends, I've got news for you. Walt Disney ain't got nothing on the Bible. Cinderella ain't got nothing on Queen Esther. How that she came from being a poor little Jewish girl that didn't have nothing. There wasn't nobody. But the king needed another wife. And he called out to the world said, "I'm going to have I'm going to have a contest to bring all of the bride, all the the girls to my place." And here, little Esther came there one day being led by Mori the Jew. And she went in and she dressed the way that was pleasing to the king. She got all dressed just right. She may not have had a glass slipper, but I got news for you. The slippers she wore were pleasing to the king. And when she went into the king's chamber, he saw her and it was love at first sight. It's the greatest love story that was ever written. I know what the scholars say. It's some fictional story, but I don't believe that. I believe it was a real story. I believe it was inspired by God and it was sent to inspire you this morning that it don't matter where you came from. that your destiny brought you to the throne of a king. She was poor. She had nothing. But her destiny gave her power to be able to stand in the gap for the entire nation of Israel. That was her destiny. Hallelujah. She saved a nation. It was her destiny. Brother Bam said there's many things that people are predestinated to. Yes, sir. He said, "See, there's people, this is sad, but there's people that will never be saved no matter what they do. You know that there's people that are predestinated to be lost. There's people that are predestinated to be saved. But all that's predestinated to be saved will be saved regardless." Isn't that good? No matter those that are predestinated to be lost, it don't matter what they do, they're always going to be lost. They can come to church. They can make believe. They can wear they can dress like you do, do all the things, but they're predestinated to be lost. I'm going to show you that in the Bible just a minute. But but if that's the case, then what about those that are predestinated to be saved. Said you will be saved regardless. As hard as they try to be and can't be is as hard as you try not to be and have to be. Hallelujah. You're predestinated to be saved. You can't be lost regardless. Why? Because you was predestinated. You say predestinated to be lost. That's what it's in the book of Jude the fourth verse. So there are certain men, remember it was men that denied the Lord Jesus Christ. Jude said there are certain men that crept in unaware who were before of old ordained to condemnation. In other words, they were predestinated of old to condemnation. So not only are we predestinated to eternal life, but listen what Paul says. He said, "Having predestinated us under the adoption of children by Jesus Christ unto himself." We've been predestinated unto the adoption of children. So we're not we're not we're not just talking about our destination said but our predestination our destiny has something to do with our life. How many believe that the adoption of children? You know, you remember you know what he's talking about. Remember in the old days of how that a son would be born and he was raised by a tutor in the house of his father and then that son because he would he would go and train him in the ways of dad and show him how dad handled his business and show him how to conduct himself and and so that this tutor would raise him and teach him and guide him and and then the the the father would call on the tutor every now and then and say, "How's my son coming along?" And you know what? The tutor was honest. He didn't hold nothing back. He he'd just go back and say, "Well, he's not doing very good right now. He he he's still he's still a kid. He he's still making a lot of kid mistakes. He's still doing doing a lot of things that you wouldn't be happy with." And so the father, he would just let him carry on under the tutor. But said, "That's what the Holy Spirit's doing with us right now. It's always bringing a report, showing the condition of the church and where we are with God." He said, you see, and he won't hold nothing back. The Holy Spirit don't pull strings or punches for anybody. It's going to bring the truth. And the father can never place him in a position like that because he's never got to the place that he could be in this position. So, but finally the young man comes to an age to where everything that he does is pleasing to the father. And when the Holy Spirit or when the tutor looks at the at the at the son, every time he looks at him, he sees the father. Everything he does, you know, you look just like your dad when you do that. You know, you act just like your dad. That's exactly how your dad would have done that. You know, you sound just like your dad when he What is he doing? He's waiting until he gets to the place that he's just like the father was. Says, see, and so when he would come to this age, then the father would see that the son had progressed. He was a worthy boy and everything he did was right and was right up with the father's business. See, he wanted everything just right for the father. And the son had no selfish motive at all. He only wanted what the father wanted. And when a son can get to that place that he only wants what the father wants and he's not after his own motive and he's not, you know, I I know how they say, well, you know, I I I want to do it do it my own way and I do it, you know, this ain't a Frank Sinatra song. This is God. This is the father calling us to be pleasing unto the father. We're not trying to do everything our own way. He said, but but it was right for the father. He had no selfish motives. But the father then took the son out into a public place. And when he took the son, he was the father would take his own son that was born into his family and he would publicly adopt him before all the people. He'd put a robe on him. He'd put his ring, his signature. In other words, he would make it public so that the that the boy now had the ability to do what the do what the father had done. In other words, the son, you think about the son's name on the check was just as good as the father's because he was placed in his position. Brother said he he placed his son positionally. And when he put him in his position, he said, "Then he would be able to do the very thing of the father." His name was just as good as the father's name. And notice what he done. He done it publicly. You say, "Well, why would the father adopt him publicly?" Well, let me tell you. It was so that all of the merchants and all of the people in the land would recognize that the son had the power that the father had. And so, in all of all the people that were invited and all the public and all the merchants around, he said, "I want you to know that I've given my signature to this boy. And when he comes into your shop and he needs something and he signs it, it's as good as me putting my name on the check. It's a place of adoption. So he made a public adoption that he could go, "Glory to God." He made a public adoption that he would have the ability. He said, "See, the son's name is just as good as the father's name." Now he said, "Brother B said, I hope you're getting this." He places his son in his position. Isn't that what God done whenever Jesus had had done everything that was pleasing to the father? Remember what God done? He took him up on Mount Transfiguration. He was doing the work of the father. It was pleasing to the father. He was about the father's business. He had no agenda on his own. He wouldn't even go pray for somebody without a vision, without knowing it was the will of the father. He wouldn't cast out devils without knowing it was the will of the father. Everything he done was about the father's business. And what god is he led him up on mount transfiguration right on a mountain between heaven and earth. So what was he doing? He was trying to make a witness to everybody. And let me tell you what happened. Because it was the son of God, he brought witnesses from earth and witnesses from heaven to witness what God was about to do. He called Peter and James and John that were a part of the families of the earth. But then out of heaven, he called Moses and Elijah that came right down to that mount. I I can just see Moses being called, "Hey, Elijah, where you heading? I we're going back down to the earth. Well, what are we doing on the earth?" I don't know. I got an invitation. Well, what's your invitation say? It says, "I was invited to an adoption ceremony." Here they come down. You say, "What were they coming to?" They were coming to watch the adoption of the son of God. He said, "He went up on that mountain, took a witness from heaven and earth, and he took his only beloved son, and stood him out before the earth, the witnesses of heaven, and he glorified him, and his raignment became white as the light." He said, "That's the royal robe, the same as the father of the Old Testament." He placed it on his son and he stood before the crowd adopted and he placed his son positionally over everything that the father had. God took his own son with witnesses of heaven and earth on Mount Transfiguration and placed him and then God said, "This is my beloved son." No wonder he said that. It was an adoption ceremony. This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Hear ye him. said, "See, then the son was an heir to all that the father had." He said, "Brother Matt, well, that's wonderful, but what about us? Can I go a step further?" Said, "Brother M said, here we are." He said, "We are we are just as God what God has. We are joint hes with Christ." See, we're we are called. And listen what Paul said. Not maybe, but you were predestinated to be sons of God. predestinated to the adoption of the sons of God. Think about it here in our life. We the Holy Spirit, it will lead you and guide you. It it'll bring you into a position of power. It's that same Holy Ghost that brings you to a place of adoption. And friends, I know this. I I know that there's coming a time when we'll see the fullness of adoption. I I know what the Bible says that the whole earth is waiting and groaning and waiting on the manifestation of the sons of God. But that doesn't mean that you're not an adopted son of God right now. You may not have received the fullness you the changing of this body, but that don't mean you're not an adopted son. I I can prove that. When when brother Brandon was preaching the message, the Queen of Sheba, he was at he was at a woman coming in the prayer line and she she stood before him and and he starts talking to her. He said, "The Lord Jesus, do I have a minute? I don't know what the time." He said, "The Lord Jesus will reveal something to you." He said that you don't know that you know I don't know nothing about you but if the Lord Jesus will reveal something to me that you that you know it has to come supernatural would it make you believe better? She said it would. He said would it make the audience believe better? He said now she's close to me here just real close here. He is standing in this in this building preaching this Queen of Sheba. At the end the woman comes to the prayer line. So he said here we are she's standing real close to me and then his mind goes back to John the 4th chapter. He said, 'You know, it reminds me of a time when a man stood by another man stood by another woman. They were sitting that she was sitting by a well and he be to discern her heart and tell her the things of her heart. He said, "It reminds me of a time when a woman met another man for the first time." Here he was s standing before this woman said, "I've never met you. Do you know me?" No, I don't know you, but it reminds me of a time when a man met another woman for the first time. He said, "Now you're not that woman and I'm not that man." He said, "But his spirit still lives." Hallelujah. And in that time it was in the flesh. In that time it was in the flesh called the son of God. But now we are adopted sons of God by his grace so that his work can carry on and it can still be declared. We are adopted sons of God. Then he be to talk to this woman to prove what an adopted son of God was. He said, "This lady's very sick. She's got female trouble. Ladies trouble. If that's right, raise up your hand. You believe now?" She raised up her hand. He said, "I keep feeling somebody saying he's guessing that. Would you please stop doing that? You're hurting the meeting. I'm not guessing that. It's the power of God here. Still here." He said, "Now just stand still just a minute." So here he discerns this woman. You've got this trouble. She says, "That's right." Then all of a sudden stops and says, "Somebody keeps thinking I'm guessing that and I'm not guessing that. Let me you're you're hindering the meeting by not having faith, by being an unbeliever, by being a critic, by being a skeptic, but but if you'll just enter in. Let Let me stop here just a minute. He said, he said, I he said you're that's the power of God. He said, stand here just a minute. Let's see. Now, I don't know what it was, but just a minute. Hang on. Yes, ma'am. You've been to a doctor. It was a female. Yeah. Not only that, he said, "You're up for an operation. Is that right? You're about to You're having kidney trouble. You're having bladder trouble. Matter of fact, you're not even from this country. You're from up in Missouri. Is that right? Your name is Miss Hilddrth. Is that right? Now, go back home and be made well in the name of the Lord. And then there's question marks. Question marks because you can't hear what he's saying because the audience makes too much noise. But he was manifesting the very power of God. He said, "Your faith has made you whole." The same words that Jesus would say. Just believe that with all your heart. So, see, so here I you say, "Well, brother Matt, that was brother Brandon, but what about us?" Well, you realize he wasn't just speaking of himself here in Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said he was the son of God, but we are adopted sons and daughters of God. So, it wasn't just wasn't just him, but we are adopted even now. We are adopted sons and daughters of God. That means the same God that was in Jesus is the same God today. Jesus said, "The works that I do shall you do also." Abraham said, "The pillar of fire that's been identified scientifically by reaction and character and everything else is just the same as it was when it was dwelling in the body of God's only begotten son, it does the same thing as it dwells in the body of his adopted sons in the last day." So the same pillar of fire that was in the man Jesus Christ that done the very works of Jesus Christ. He said that same pillar of fire that was in the son of God is in the adopted sons of God still manifesting Jesus Christ today. We've been positionally placed in the body as adopted sons and daughters. Somebody say hallelujah. Hallelujah. I said how many's found their place in the body as adopted sons and daughters of God? I know what happens whenever you get to preaching this. People get it all mixed up and they think because I'm an adopted son now I got to do what brother Brandham done. Hello, that ain't it. They think in order to have that they got they got to they got to have that gift. But you realize that the gift was not on display to vindicate what an adopted son was. It was that particular adopted son in his position. But we are not in the position of a prophet of God. We are some in a position of pastors, evangelists, teachers, uh uh preachers. Some have gifts of healing. We we all we all have have different positions that God has placed us in in the body. But and so that don't give us the the the the the gift that brother Brandham have when people people I don't want to get in it, but man, when people it just it makes me sick to my stomach to watch a man try to imitate brother Brandham's gift and and get a bunch of details from people and stand on a on a stage stand on a stage and and begin to to try to discern people like that. Half the time get it right, half the time get it wrong. and and and all they have to do is just preach the message of the hour and let the message have its power. We don't have to do that. We're not trying to build a church. We're not trying to build a name or a ministry or to that ain't our calling. That ain't our that ain't our position there. That that that gift was sent one to an age. That otherwise if everybody could do that, we wouldn't know who to follow. Do you realize why God would do that? He sent it as a messenger to the church. Not not messengers. It wasn't plural. It was a messenger of the church of Leodysia. He was sent with a gift to turn That's right. back to God. So, see, so that that that what that was that was him in his position. But that don't mean that every one of us don't possess a power. Said we possess the power to overcome the world as believers. We possess the power to overcome devils. Even the Bible said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Here's your power. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. any they shall they shall cast out devils in my name. Every one of us, we possess the faith to be healed because you've been predestinated to adoption. Amen. Adoption didn't make you a prophet. It made you an adopted son of God in your position. That's right. But as a believer, you got a right to heal. You got a right to have faith. You got a right to have power with the devil. You got a right to put him in his place. Every one of us, some of us have gifts to sing. And I can say it. Y'all don't get mad at me. But some of us don't. Some people do. Some people have gift to preach. Some of us don't. Everybody don't have the same gift. See, some people in your gift, it it moves people. It moves the the church. And and if it don't, maybe it wasn't a gift. So, it's a gift that God gives to the body. He puts us all in our position as as members of the body of Christ. Says, "See, God knew every Think about it. He knew everything about you from the very beginning. He knew you. Knew where you came from. By election, he chose you. Predestination will be our destiny. He said in the very beginning, we came from the dust of the earth. Our bodies laid out in this earth at the beginning. So, let's take a little picture like this. God, the fountain of all life, the logos that went out of God, it brooded over the earth. Isn't that powerful? That whenever God created in the beginning and said, "Let there be." And that great logos came out from God that it would take that earth and it be to brood over the earth. He said everything that we are that we come out of the dust our bodies was laying in that earth. See what was it brooding over? He was brooding o brooding over you and I hear that logos of God. He was watching over his pre he's predestinated seed. He was watching over that that that elected seed of God. He said our bodies laying in the earth. He was brooding over the earth watching over it like a mother couping. He said, "My body was laid out in this earth before there was ever even life on the earth. Our bodies were laying the earth, the calcium, petroleum, and stuff." God was a contractor. He laid out our bodies just like he was going to build a subdivision. He know we'd be here. He knowed I'd be in the world before the world. He knowed I'd be standing here and what there was a world here. He knowed you'd be sitting in the seat you are. He's infinite. He knows you. So, what do you got to be scared about? We were laying in the earth before the before before you were ever born. Before there was ever before God ever made Adam, every part of you was laying in the earth already. Ain't that powerful that God saw you in as a contractor that God would walk around the earth. One day I'm going to take that and that and that and I'm going to make Wesley Hams and one day I'm going to take that and that. I'm going to make Charles Donson. One day I'm going to take that and that and I'm going to make Debbie Roberts. You know, I'm going to build them. It was God. It was us laying in the earth in God's creation. and he brooded it over his creation that one day he could create the very image out of his mind. He could manifest it upon the earth and then you would grow up. You'd get all wrecked up in the world. But God wasn't done with you because you was elected of God. He was chosen by God before the foundation of the world. He said, "But then I'm going to take his life." If God has the ability to make you, he has the ability to shape you. He's got the ability to cleanse you, to sanctify you, to wash you, to pick you up, to establish you, to set you upon the word of God. He saw it all from the beginning. So that means it don't matter how you were born. God saw it from the beginning. Isn't that powerful? We look at our life and all of our weakness and all of our failures, but it don't matter. All of that don't matter. God saw you from the beginning. Laying in the earth, he brewed it over it knowing what he would create. So no matter how you came into this earth, you know, it makes me think about that blind man in John the 9th chapter. Remember remember what he was when Jesus walked by here, a man that had been blind from his birth. He was born without eyes in his socket. And the disciples said, "Master, who did sin that would cause this man to be born blind?" And Jesus said, "Nobody sinned. It wasn't him or his parents." He said he he but he was only born this way that the works of God would be made manifest in him. He was born in this condition that the works of God could be manifested. You realize that man in his blind condition that he could be so easily misled, easily deceived. I I just I just think about how that in this his entire life of being blind and maybe you know the young kids in school how they maybe kind of picked on him a little bit and you know tap and run around how you know all the things that people do that are that are cruel. Maybe he went through a lot of those things and persecutions and you know anybody could mislead him and say this is the way to the temple or this is the way to your house or this is a shortcut you should go this way. You know, maybe this boy had been misled so many times in his life because he was blind and he could not see. He could be so easily led astray because he had no eyes and this way, that way, easily. But then when Jesus came, Jesus came for one purpose. He came to open his eyes that he could see for himself. And when he came and he found that man, I love what Jesus done. The Bible says that he reached down into the dust of the ground and he picked up dirt and he anointed it and he and he made clay out of it. I thought my here that very creator that had made that man in the beginning, the very one that brooded over the earth that saw all of our bodies laying upon the earth and calcium and pod ash and all the parts of us laying on the earth. When God created that man, isn't that what the Bible says, Jeremiah? He said, "When God made me," he said, "I knew you before I ever knitted you together in your mother's womb." It was God that formed us in the womb of our mother. Here, whenever God made that man, and he begin to create him, I could just see God up there whenever he was making that man in the very beginning, and he was forming him in his mother's womb, and he would pick up the parts and and he was begin to form his body and maybe he would pick up what would be his eyes and say, "No, you know what? I'm going to leave that down there. I'm going to I'll pick that up on another day." And so the man was formed in his mother's womb. And he was born into this earth miserable and naked and blind and didn't even know it. And when he came out of the womb of his mother, brother Mark, he went through time after time after age, being lost and led astray and didn't know which way to turn until one day Jesus came and crossed his path. He said, "This man has not sinned. He was born this way that the works of God might be made manifest in him. And he rested down in the earth. and he took the very parts of him. I believe it was the same part that God would have used in the beginning. I believe he was standing in the same place that his body was laying before the world ever began. And Jesus picked up that part of him and the master, the creator began to form. He said, "Now's the time to put the eyes in his socket." And Jesus be to form his eyes and he made them so perfectly placed that in anointing in his eyes. He said, "Now you go wash in the pool of Salom." You know what the Bible says? That the man, he made his way to the pool and he washed and he came back seeing. Hallelujah. You realize what God done? He put the finishing touches on his creation. And the man, he came back seeing. You see, see, it was God. Think about it. It was God that formed him. It was God that that picked him up. It was God that that that made him. And he waited till the right time. He You say, "Well, why was he in that condition to begin with?" that Jesus said, "I'm going to show you why that the works of God could be made manifest. Not from their not from their sin, not not from his mistakes, but that the works of God could be made manifest." Why are they blind? Why is he wretched? Why did he come in the world this way? That the works of God could be made manifest to prove that the creator was still standing in our midst. See, that's what happened to that man and that blind man. But can I tell you this today? That's what happened to the church today. In the end time, the church was blind, miserable, poor, wretched, and naked. You say, "Why was she blind? Why was the church in this condition? Why am I born and lay out to see her? Why is the church in this condition?" Can I just say this? That the glory of God might be revealed in her. That the creator could stand in the presence of the church of the living God. Don't you realize what you were born in this world? You were born in this age blind. Hello somebody. Every one of us. We were born in this age blind where we could be led astray. The church had found itself in a condition. The church of Leoa was born in this age as a blind, wretched, miserable creature that didn't even know it. That could be led astray. That could be led from one doctrine to another, from one church to another, one denomination to another. Just led astray. had no idea which way to turn until God came down and Jesus came step right in front of the church again. And when he saw it in his condition, you say, "Why is the church in that condition that the works of God could be made manifest in her?" You say, "Well, what did he do?" Well, he had to give the church some eyesight. So, you know where he went to find it? He didn't send an angel out of heaven to lead the church. He didn't create it out of thin air. It wasn't Gabriel that came down that God felt down into the dust to the ground and he picked up dirt or clay. You know what clay is? It's a type of human flesh. So God was going to have to give eyesight to the church. He didn't do it by an angel from heaven. He done it by an angel from the earth. And he took that clay of a prophet of God and he put it in the socket of a blind church that it could lead the church out of its condition. Now go wash in the pool of Salom. Let me tell you something about that pool of Salom. When you went down to the pool, you realize that that pool had three tiers. It was that way for flooding in Israel or in Jerusalem whenever the floods would come. So there was three sets of steps that went down. There was a first level or the first pool. There was a second level or the second pool and then there was the bottom level which was the third pool. But in the normal water level, then that blind man would had to go all the way down the first set of steps, past the first pool, all the way down the second set of step, past the second pool, all the way down the third set of steps to get all the way down to the water of Saleom. And when he put it on his eyes, he received his healing. Friends, I got news for you. That's what happened to this church today. It couldn't this the the first pull never opened the church's eyes. It may have healed people. That's what the first pull was. It was healing, but it didn't open the church's eyes. The second pull, it didn't open their eyes. But the third pull is what it took for the eyes of the church to come open. The pool. The third pull opened the eyes. Brother said the first pull was healing. Second pool was prophesying, but the third pull was the opening of the word. The mysteries revealed. No more is there no higher order to reveal the word than prophets. By the only way the prophet can be vindicated is by the word. And remember, the third pull was the opening of the seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. In other words, it would take that third pull to take this spiritual blindness off of the church. And friends, I've got news for you. When they went down there and dipped in that pool, the Bible says the man, I love it. I'll just read it simple. And he came seeing. Let that sink in. He went blind, but he came seeing. Here you can I tell you something else that God anointed his eyes and put his eyes in position before he could ever see. Amen. He anointed the clay and put the clay in its position. But the man still couldn't see. It took him going all the way down to the bottom of that pool before his eyes came open. That's what happened to the church. The church is born in this condition that the works of God could be ma made manifest. You know what happened after his vision was restored? His new eyes begin to reveal everything that he didn't used to understand. My you can imagine how he used to he used to have to think about things but never could get a clear picture. But now because of his eyes he could look to the temple and say that's the temple. He had nothing to compare it to. He just took what men said and this is what it looks like. He had he had no way to see color. A blind man born blind. Well, he don't know what a color is. He has no way to see color. He don't what what a sad thought that it is. He but now because his eyes were open he could say that's the temple that's a house that's an olive tree my that my not not how I had it pictured at all but but but it's clear now why because he was looking through eyes that's what God gave to the church a vision to the church that it could see clearly that it wouldn't be no spiritually blind bunch of people where but we've been given a vision through the through a prophetic eye brother Mark that we've been given a vision of of a new Jerusalem we've been we we know what the millennium looks like through a prophetic eye. We know when he went beyond the curtain of time, we know that people aren't floating around on no clouds over there with angel's wings fluttering by one another. He said, "But I stood there and I shook their hand and they hugged my neck and they they called me brother. They knew me and I knew I knew them. They they they were they were they were children. They were they were men just like you and I. But we know that because of a prophetic vision that God has given to the church. We're no longer blind. He gave the bride body. We're not walking around blind any longer. But he gave us a vision of our future home. How many believe that? The vision has been restored to the church. Let me tell you what that vision done. But Mark here, it took away the misery away from the church. It clothed her with righteousness. This is the very message of the hour. Clothe her with righteousness and brought a revival to a lukewarm church. called us out of that whole condition of Leodysia. As you stand to your feet this morning, this is what God done to manifest the works of God. We can't help the way we we were born and what condition we were born in or the age that we were born in. You realize none of us had any control over that at all. You might have picked a different day to be born on than June 29th, but Sister Leah, God had other choices. This is the day you was born. Happy birthday. You didn't choose your day of being born or the age you were born or but we were born in an age of spiritual blindness. Leysia, the church in the worst condition that it would ever be. You say, "Well, then there was no revival." But listen, there is a revival. may not be in the church, but it's in the bride. That's what Revelations 18 said, "Come out of her, my people." The message of this an angel would be to call a bride out of a church and put a revival back in her heart. That those that were standing there 2,000 years ago in the upper room ain't no different than you and I. A body of believers, if you could see them today, if they were standing in this room, that they're just like you and I were. A body of believers is filled with the Holy Ghost, that love God. They love their They love the message that that God brought to them. They That church in Ephesus, they love what Apostle Paul preached and established them in the word of God. They no different. They're they're message believers of their age. We're message believers of our age. And one day we're all going to the same destination. Do you believe that this morning? How many believes that? Say amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you, Lord, that you would take our life, Lord. And God, knowing that we don't have the ability to do all the things that we want to do sometimes. And Lord, we often look at the weaknesses of our flesh. But Lord, we just thank you that you would call us in this hour. Lord, I thank you for the day that you allowed us to live in. God, you called us for this age and told us and declared it that it would be a a great age and great battle, but there would be a people that would overcome it. And Lord, I thank you, Lord, that you had opened our eyes in this hour, God, that we could be able to stand upon the word of God, that we could manifest your works, Lord, and we could declare just like that blind man, Lord, that we could declare before before the the theologian or the Pharisee that all I know is I once was blind, but now I see. There was a man named Jesus that he came and he opened my eyes. Lord, we just thank you for it today. Lord, we thank you for this word. Ask Lord that it would find its resting place now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. He came looking for me. One night while on life's rage and see it looked as if I would suffer defeat. Darkness of night closed off with light. My heart sank with fear. My desperate cry bring out with pride. All I could see there's no hope inside all but gone. Then I met the one who came looking for me. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Yes, he made a way when there was no way that I could see. Well, I drifted so far, but Jesus was near to rescue my soul and calm all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm cuz I met the one who came looking for me. Well, Satan had already picked out my grave. His plan was to for me, put me away. It did get so far. Would anyone care? I'd soon be lost. Well, I knew my destruction was a matter of time, but Jesus appeared and he said, "This one's mine. Now I'm safe from all harm cuz he walked the storm. Came looking for me. He came looking for me. [Music] He came looking for me. Well, he made a way when there was no way that I could see when I drifted so far. Jesus was me to rescue my soul and calm my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm cuz I met the one that came looking for me. Can we sing that last verse again? Satan had already picked out my grave. His plan was to fool me, put me away. I drifted so far. Would anyone care that I'd soon be lost? Well, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Jesus appeared who said this one's mine. I'm safe from all harm and I met the one they came looking for me. Well, I'm safe from all harm cuz I met the one that came looking for me. [Music] Amen. How many give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? [Applause] Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Every praise every praise is to our God. Every word of worship. Every word of every praise. Every praise is to our God. For he is God. I say he is God. Yes, he is my God. Yes, he is. He is God. I say I said he's still God. You're my I know you're still God. God my deliverer. Yes. So every praise, every praise I give to my God. Every word we give one accord. Every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. Say, every praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship, every word of worship every praise, every praise, every praise. Yes, you are God. For he is God. I said, "You still Yes, he is still God. My deliverer." Yes, he is. He is. Yes, he is. Well, he is God. God, my God, my I said he still deliver. Yes, he is. is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord every [Music] praise. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? For he is God. I said he know that you're my God. my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Can you say you're my God? You're God. Yes, you're my God. I say you're my God. You are my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every word. Every word of worship one accord. Every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise to our God. Amen. Isn't he an awesome God this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord, brother. He's an awesome God. You love the Lord. Amen. Just want to remind every uh or ask I was asked brother Andrew asked he's if the church would listen uh to the message standing in the gap. He said he's going to be preaching on that on Wednesday night. So just wanted to ask it would be a help. So if you got some time this week between now and Wednesday just encourage you to do that. And amen. Looking forward to our services coming up. And did you announce the picnic today? Uh, we are having a Fourth of July. We're having a Fifth of July picnic. I can't do it and make fun of other people. We're having a Fifth of July picnic on Saturday, the July the 5th. Um, at brother Roy Ryersonson's house house in Smithville. So, everybody in the church is invited. It's a church function. He's offered his home and so we look forward to that. And if you got you're welcome to bring people with you just invitation just have a good time of fellowship if you need directions. uh just get with somebody after church and we'll make sure everybody's able to get there. So I think the Do you know what time we're going to eat on that? At one o'clock. We're going to eat at 1:00. Uh so if you want to sample food off the grill, you need to come around 11. I'm just kidding. We can't all do that. They don't ever let me. But um so we look forward to that. Um, also if you're able to help in the the fundraiser that's going on in Ash Flat, it's it's eight days long or so. I think we have about till Friday of this week. So, we got five more days after today. Uh, please get with my wife and let her know that you're available and she'll get you on a schedule to come and help. Um, so we had a really good time with the young people this year. where we took I guess it was a little over 60 people went to Silver Dollar City and Branson for a few days and stayed in in some nice condos and had a lot of fun with the kids. So that's how we pay for that trip. So if you uh if you like those kind of trips, well then anything you can do to help is more than appreciated. Amen. So we don't want Sarah to lose her zeal because if she don't do it, we can't do it no more. So because she's up there about every day and I don't have the time to be up there every day. So, I appreciate her doing that and Lori and Morgan done that. Want to ridge managed that. I know many of you helped. Thank you for helping, but they they managed that and we just decided it'd be best just to do in Ash Flat and that that way we could all be together and and um and so that just kind of made it easier on everybody. So, I know it's a little bit of a drive, but you know, if you are available, then then she'll let you know when you can come. And we sure appreciate everybody. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Brian, would you come close us in a word of prayer? [Music] Most gracious heavenly father, Lord, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for the word that you brought to us this morning, Lord. Father, lest we forget, Lord, of who we are, Lord. Father, and I'm thankful, Lord Jesus Christ, for a word, Father, not only a word that you brought, but you give us ears to hear and eyes to see and a heart to receive it, Lord. Father, let it settle in our hearts, Lord Jesus, that we daily measure ourselves by your word that we could come to our fullness, Lord Jesus. Lord, I thank you for each one that's here today, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for Sister Sarah and all that she does for the church. Lord, so many times I believe that the ministers wives get kind of left out, Lord. But Lord, they stand in the gap for their husbands, Lord. Not only Sister Sarah here, but all the ministers, Lord, and their wives, Lord, I pray that you would bless them, Lord Jesus, for all that they do, Lord, for the kingdom of heaven. Lord, bring us back to the next appointed time, Lord Jesus. be with brother Joe and brother Andrew and all the ministers, Lord, that's standing on the field today, Lord. Father, that you would anoint them with a double portion, Lord. Father, be with a fundraiser, Lord, that it would meet its purpose, Lord Jesus, for your purpose, Lord. Father, we ask you all these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Holding my shield of faith, I feel no alarm. When the enemy stands in like a flood, I will raise up a standard overcome. God bless you this morning. Faith and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith. I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a flood, I will raise up my standard and I'll overcome. Satan can't hear me. This line is for you. You have no power over what we go through. Victory may be in Jesus, but he lives in me, too. So I'll turn up my faith and show you what faith can do. I will turn up my praise and drown out the doubt. Holding my shield of faith and I feel no alarm. When the enemy comes in like a flood, I'll raise up my standard and I'll overcome. Hey. Hey. Hey.
