################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-28 - Pastor Matt Morse  Seed to the Sower, Bread to the Eater 8-27-25 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-28
Title:    Pastor Matt Morse | Seed to the Sower, Bread to the Eater| 8-27-25
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziYM9S7f-Mo
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Night Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Jesus. Jesus, my Lord Jesus. Oh, without him, how lost I would be. Let's all stand and sing that tonight. Oh Jesus, my Lord Jesus. [Music] Oh, do you know him today? Please don't turn him away. Oh Jesus, [Music] my Lord Jesus. [Music] Oh, without him, how lost I would be. I hope you say amen tonight. Tonight. How lost we would be without him. Let's sing that little course. More of you. More of you. I've had it all. But what I need is more of you. Oh, more of you. Yes. More of you. Oh, I've had it all, but what I need is more. [Music] Oh, of things I've had by f and yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. If that's your desire, just sing it to him now. Yes, more of you. More of you. Oh, I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. Oh, of things I've had my f and yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Oh, just once more now. Yes, more of you. Yes. Oh, more of you. Oh, I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. Oh, of things I've had my f and yet I hunger still. Oh, empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Oh, that should be the cry of every one of our hearts tonight as we come here. Just the Lord would just give more of himself into us this evening. Brother Travis, will we open the service in a word of prayer? Amen. You may have your seats tonight. I have a home prepared where the saints. Oh, I'll go home premiered where the saints abide. Just over in the glory land. Oh, and I long to be by my Savior's side. Oh, just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join that happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Just over in the glory land there with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glory land. And I am on my way to those manions fair. Just over in the glory land. Oh, there to sing God's praises and his glory share. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land there with happy angel. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand just over in the glory land. Oh, what a joyful thought that my Lord I'll see. Just over in the glory land and with kindred save there forever be just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. How joy that happy angel man. Just over in the glory land. Oh just over in the glory land there with the mighty host I'll stand just over in the glory. Oh let's sing our last verse once more. What a joyful song that my Lord I'll sing. Just over in the glory land. Oh, and with kindred save there forever be. Oh, just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join that happy angel man. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land there with that mighty host. I'll stand. Oh, just over in the glory horse once more. Oh, just over in the glory land, how joy the happy angel band. Oh, just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land there with that mighty host. I'll stand just over in the globe. Raise hands. [Music] Oh, there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all of flame with a fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. And though these people may not learn to be nor boast of worldly fame, they have all received their Pentecost baptized in Jesus name and are telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. And they were gathered in the upper room, all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. Powerful service came. Now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say. All last verse now. So come my brothers, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. It will start the joy bells ringing. It will keep your soul a flame. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, aren't you glad you're one of them tonight? Give the Lord a hand clap of praises. I've anchored in Jesus. I'm You've anchored in Jesus tonight. Well, upon life's boundless o where mighty billows roll. I fixed it up with Jesus. Bless anchored of my soul. When trials fierce to save me, as storms are gathering on, I rest upon his mercies and trust him more. Well, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has still the waters and bid their tumble seas. My pilot and deliver to him all can find. For always when I need him, he's at my side. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind. I've anchored in Jesus. Oh, he had power to save. I've anchored in the rock. Oh, sing the chorus once more. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no way. I've anchored in Jesus. For he hath power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. I've been changed. I've been reborn. Aren't you thankful you've been changed tonight? Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Yes, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. And let's sing that first verse. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed by the blood of the lamb. Well, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And though my sins were as scared, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Oh, and at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, and I'll thank him for giving a rest like me a new home beyond the sky. Cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now all my life. Oh, rearrange. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh my life. Oh, let's sing that second verse once more. Oh, though my sins were as scared, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. I'll sing the chorus once more. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Oh, let's sing that third verse just once more. Cuz when at last in his presence I stand above, he will wipe. Oh, tears from my eyes. Oh, and I'll thank him for giving a rest like me a new home beyond the skies. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God. Oh, what a difference it makes. Oh, what a difference it makes since the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Oh, if you've been changed tonight, give him a hand of praise tonight. Power in the blood. Power in the blood. And there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. Oh, let's all stand and sing that first verse. And would you be free from your burden of sin? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. And would you or evil of victory win? There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, and would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in the blood. Yes, power is blood and come for a cleansing to Calary style. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wondering power in the preious blood. If the brothers were come for offering, oh, and would you be wiser, much wider than snow? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. And sin stains are lost in his lifegiving flow. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. Brother, we pray the offering. And would you do service for Jesus your king? There's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. and words you live daily his praises to sing. There's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. I'll sing the chorus once more. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. One more time. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood, oh of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, give the Lord hand clap for praise tonight. Aren't you thankful? There's still power in that blood saying that little course touching Jesus is all that really matters. [Music] Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matter. Oh, then your life will never be the same. Oh, for there's only one way to touch him. Oh, just believe when you call on his name. Oh, sing it once more to him. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matterers. Cuz then your life will never be the same. [Music] There's only one way to touch him. You just believe on his name. I'll sing this first verse now. Oh, a woman. Oh, tried so many positions. [Music] Oh, yet through her. So to Jesus she came and when the crowd tried to restrain her she these words through her pain. [Music] Oh, and touching Jesus is all that really matters. [Music] Cuz in your life, we'll never be the same. Oh, and there's only one way to touch him. You just believe when you call on his name. Second verse now. Oh, I was back when I held at the altar, but they said Jesus could be my every need. And when this prisoner finally touch Jesus, oh, he set me free. Oh, praise his name. I'm free indeed. Lord, aren't you thankful now that touching Jesus is all that really matters. Oh, then your life will never be the same. Oh, and there's only one way to touch him. Oh, you just believe when you call on. Oh, let's sing that second verse just once more. Oh, I was bound when I kn the altar. [Music] They said Jesus could meet my every need. [Music] And when this prisoner finally touched Jesus, oh, aren't you thankful tonight? He set me free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free indeed. Oh, if you have a need tonight, just lift it to him. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matters. [Music] Oh, then your life will never be the same. Oh, and there's only one way to touch him. [Music] Oh, you just believe when you call on. Oh, sing the chorus once more now. Oh, and touching Jesus is all that really matters. Oh, and then your life will never be the same. [Music] And there's only one way to touch him. [Music] You just believe when you call on his name. And there's only one way. And there's only one way to touch him. Oh, you just believe when you call on his name. Oh, aren't you thankful you have a name you can call on tonight? Whatever you have need of, just reach out and touch the Lord as he's passing by. As we invite our pastor to come, let's sing that little Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I didn't put that one in, brother Xavier. So, if you could just put that one in. Aren't you thankful his for his amazing grace tonight? When we were a rich yet, he came looking for us. Oh, let's sing as we invite our pastor to come. Oh, amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound. that save a rich like me. I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Oh, I was blind, but now I see. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, that say a rich like me. I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Oh, I was blind. Oh, but now I see. Oh, it was grace that taught. Oh, it was grace that taught my heart to fear. Oh, and grace my fears relief. Oh, how preious did. Oh, that grace appear. Oh, the hour I first feeling. Oh, through many dangers. Oh, through many dangerous sto and s. Oh, I have already come. Oh, it is grace that brought me safe this morning. Oh, and grace will lead me home when we've been there. Oh, and when we been there 10,000 [Music] years, oh, bright shining as the sun. Oh, we've no less days to sing God's praise. Oh, and wait. We first beun. Oh, let's just praise him tonight. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. We'll praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, when we been there 10,000 years, &gt;&gt; bright shining as the sun. We will have no less days to sing God's praise than when we first begun. Amen. How many's thankful for the amazing grace of our Lord Jesus? Amen. just to think that one day we'll get over there on the other side. And I can't think of a time that we'll ever want it to end. And you know, I I used to say as when I was a little boy, I was scared to death to go to heaven because it never ended. I I was a little claustrophobic and I didn't have much of a revelation. And finally, I got a little older and some guy asked me one day, he said, "Well," he said, "Are you done living today?" And I said, "Well, no, I'm I'm not done living today." He said, "Well, I'll ask you again tomorrow. Next day he are you done living today? I said no I'm not done living today. He said well don't you think it'll be like that over there like you ain't ever going to come a day you say I'm just done living and our minds can't even fathom the the glory that it'll be. Amen. Just to be able to live in that precious city. I still believe that tonight. I believe that God has a promise to the believers that there will be a new heaven and a new earth that'll sit right down on this earth. And I believe that we'll all gather there together with all the the loved ones that's gone on before us and we'll be able to stand arm in arm and worship around the throne of God and be able to fellowship one with another and visit and you can spend a thousand years just talking to Moses about all the the journey that they had taken, all the questions that you ever had. Can you imagine what it'll be like that day? And friends, it's not just a story, it's a reality. Amen. And we're looking forward to that. Amen. and you love the Lord tonight. Amen. Just want to greet everybody in the name of the Lord. And maybe just before we open the word of God, we'll go before the Lord in prayer. Just have a couple of needs uh serious needs tonight. Sister MNA Alexander has been transported to the ER and that is Britney and and Lorie's grandmother. Just ask prayer for her. Also for Samantha Farmer's aunt. Thelma has been diagnosed with cancer stage or sorry stage three kidney failure and just asked that the Lord would touch her. Maybe if you have a need on your heart tonight, I know God is mindful of what we have need of. So won't we just ask him to come in a special way and meet each one of these? Amen. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you tonight. And Lord, I count it a privilege to be able to come and just to stand in this house of God, Lord, a place that's been dedicated, Lord, for the word of God to go forth. And Lord, I just ask you tonight, Lord, that we just feel your presence, Lord. And we thank you for being here with us. Lord, we just pray, Lord, that you would meet these needs, Lord, knowing that that without you, Lord, we would have no answer to all things. But God, we just ask you that you would intercede. Lord, I I pray for a family, Lord, in the church, Lord, that was asking for prayer today. Lord, I pray that you would meet them, Lord, knowing they're in a dire situation, Lord, looking for direction. And Lord, I pray that you would just help them, Lord. Any that would be here tonight, Lord, that would need help from you tonight. Lord, I pray that we would just draw from you, Lord. May you speak to every heart, Lord. Even those that are watching the services, Lord, I pray that every service would be a blessing, Lord. God, that something that would be said that would be a help to them, Lord. And we'll just be careful to give you the glory for everything that you do. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. We just want to invite you to the scripture tonight. We're going to read out of the book of Isaiah in the 55th chapter. And sure appreciate our musicians tonight. How many enjoy the good music? Amen. Amen. I did that to y'all Sunday too, didn't I? I had you. We're the best Bible holding clappers that there is. And you know, somebody got on to us for clapping, you know, here here the other day. And I said, "Well, the when you get that out of the book of Psalms, then you might get it out of this church, but until you can erase it from the Bible, you ain't erasing it out of here." So, amen. We just love to praise the Lord. And whether it's whether it's saying amen or shouting or clapping or dancing or as long as it's in this Bible, then it's good in this building. Amen. I think that's the way it ought to be. If it's in the Bible, it's good in the Bible. It's good in the building. Amen. Amen. So, we just love the Lord. Uh, but I I want to uh speak out of Isaiah the 55th chapter and I'm going to read from the 10th verse and the 11th verse. And we'll give you just a moment to turn there. Also, just be remembering Brother Andrew. He was preaching up in West Virginia at Brother Lily. So, we want to remember him tonight that the Lord would use him. Amen. So, we just want to read Isaiah 55 in the 10th chapter. The Bible says, "For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returnneeth not thither, but waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth uh and bud, that it may give seed to the swer and bread to the eater. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing where I sent it." I know this is a very common scripture, but as you take your seats tonight, I would like to speak on this subject on seed to the swer and bread to the eater. Seed to the sewer and bread to the eater. I I know every one of us could uh quote this scripture uh no doubt many uh times that we've read out of this and uh but there was just something that the Lord had put on my heart tonight about it and uh just kind of a fresh thought. I had been studying on on a on a series and you know there's nothing like getting uh just to get away from it a little bit and just have a fresh thought from the Lord. And I don't think there's anything better than being alone with God with a piece of paper. Amen. And so we just uh sure uh love what God does for us. Brother, that's really echo. And I don't know how to fix that. If you can maybe uh take some of that out or something to to help it. It it was right right there in my ears. So, um, but but we want to take a moment on this tonight and maybe it would be a help to the church. And so, uh, be a a blessing to you. Um, but the Bible says that the word of God is seed to the swer and is bread to the eater. And so, uh, here this comes out of the book of Isaiah, out of the portion of scripture, uh, Isaiah is actually in two parts. I know there's, uh, there's there's several parts in this scripture. It's a very common scripture but has quite a powerful revelation. And here in the book of Isaiah, in the second part of Isaiah, first Isaiah was speaking on the judgment of Israel uh in how that God was bringing a judgment against them for uh uh the the the decisions that they had made. But then in the second part of Isaiah, he actually is showing the faithfulness of God to restore Israel. And uh so and in this part of Isaiah he actually shows uh that although that people are unfaithful but yet God is faithful to fulfill his purpose. So uh and he actually uses this many times we can look at uh at ourselves and uh to realize that God is faithful to perform. This is what Isaiah is talking about that even though we may fail but God uh he's going to bring his purpose to pass. And just to summarize this word, Isaiah 55, Isaiah is actually speaking of a word of God that is being spoken. And I would like to take this tonight and maybe uh just uh maybe you can take it as this of some future instruction for every other service that we ever come to. So uh can somebody uh uh uh just to give us the opportunity tonight? I believe that that ought to be our purpose uh is to be pleasing unto God. So here when Isaiah is speaking this, he's he's saying just to sum it up, he's saying that when the word of God is being spoken, it gives both seed to the swer and it gives bread to the eater. Now there's four main parts to this scripture. Uh in the first part of it, Isaiah first talks about the seed. It gives seed to the sewer. Now we know what a seed is. A seed, it's not just a thing that goes into the ground, that little thing that we carry around in a packet, but actually by definition, a seed is anything that can be sown that has the ability to bring forth life. And so when you think of a seed, you know, I think of all the way back before there was ever creation, there was seeds. Before God ever said, "Let there be light." Before God ever spoke this world, uh uh anything kind of a life that we have. But Ram said, "There was already a seed." Remember the guy that came to him? He said, "I don't know why y'all can believe that God created the world in six days." And he said, "Well, we believe it because it was in the Bible." And they said, "Well, but all of science says that the earth is millions of years old." He said, "Well, what's that got to do with it?" You know, because the Bible said that in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form. It was void and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And brother Bam said, "And I believe that every seed was laying right there from some other civilization or something and as soon as the water lifted off and the light struck it, up come the trees and everything else." Isn't that quite a thought tonight to think that before that this world existed the way we know it and before God said, "Let there be light." even in this voidness or the this blackness of what science can go and they can show you by by uh carbon dating that it was millions and billions of year old of years old. But brother Mark all those millions and billions of years that lay there that there was a seed or something that lay there. But whenever God made the atmosphere just right, then that seed that was laid dormant, when the atmosphere was perfected, you realize that before it was perfected, there was an apple seed, there was an orange seed, there was a pear seed. Every tree that we see that God made, it was laying in the earth before God ever said, "Let there be light." I I thought, "Isn't that something?" Here, the seed was laying there dormant, and it was just waiting on an atmosphere change so that it could bring forth a life. And I thought, if that's the way it was with a natural seed, then what about with a spiritual seed? Every natural seed was just waiting on an atmosphere to bring forth life. Well, then if that was that way in the natural, then so is every word of God a seed. Somebody say a seed. You say, "Well, what makes the word of God a seed?" I'll just tell you by definition because it has the ability to bring forth life. And anything that has the ability to bring forth life is a seed. That's what the word of God is. It's something that has the ability to bring forth life. That that's what Jesus was. You realize that Jesus who was the word of God made flesh. In the beginning was the word. The word was God. The word was made flesh. So Jesus was the word of God. And then when Jesus would speak, he actually revealed the purpose of the word of God. He said, "The thief comes to steal and to kill and to destroy." He said, "But I come that they might have life." So here Jesus reveals the very divine purpose of the word of God it was life. So the purpose of all of it of the very word of God in the beginning the word of God today the very purpose of God's word is to give life and the purpose of it is life. So if every word of God is a seed then that tells us that every word of God has the ability to bring forth life. How many believes that every word of God if it's a seed it has the ability to bring forth life. That's why that's why you see that we love going to church. That that's why we come to the house of God and we love hearing the word of God being preached and we we pull from the gift of God because we realize that it don't take a lot of the word of God to produce life. It matter of fact, every word of God has the power to bring forth life. And we realize as believers tonight that it only takes one word. It takes one word spoke at the right time to change anything about your life. It don't matter what situation that you're going through tonight or what troubles that you have or or how bad it is at work or how bad it is at home that you know that when you come in the presence of God that all it takes is one word spoken at the right time about the right situation. It's enough to change everything. It's enough to turn a situation around. It's enough to change a heart. It's enough to turn somebody to God. It's enough to put the devil in his place. It's enough to cause a revival in your heart. All it takes is one word of God spoken at the right time about the right situation. It's enough to change it. I want I I believe that tonight. I wonder how many believes that that somebody say just one word. It don't take a lot of word of God. It takes just one word of God to bring forth life. Just one word, it can give life. One word can give hope. One word can bring faith. One word can restore. I'll tell you something tonight, friends, that one word of God can make a hopeless case seem like a probability. All it takes is one word of God. That's why when a minister comes to preach and he labors to preach the word of God, how many knows what Brother Bam said? He said 20 minutes of anointed preaching was like eight hours of hard labor. He said, "But the preacher keeps on laboring and he keeps on preaching." Said, "Why do you keep on laboring?" He said, "Because maybe there just sits a poor person sitting here with cancer and we know that just one word will do the work." I thought, "Isn't that that way tonight? Maybe there's somebody here with cancer. Or maybe somebody with sickness. Maybe somebody that has a family trouble. Maybe somebody that Satan has been tormenting your mind so much that your problems are so big that you don't have a way out of it. But you know that it only takes one word spoken at the right time that it can bring life and it can change everything about that situation. Friends, I believe that so much tonight. I believe that if you could ever get one word to rise off the pages of this Bible and become a reality to your heart, it can set your soul on fire. You can walk in here with your head down, but you can walk out lifted up rejoicing and praising God cuz one word was enough to restore life to a dying soul. &gt;&gt; You don't have to be a theologian. You don't have to be a great scholar. Let me tell you what the prophet said. He said, "You might read the word as a scholar and know all the ins and outs of the word." He said, "But it wouldn't do you no good unless that word was quickened to you." But you know what he said? He said, "But if you only knew one word and it's quickened, then that's what you need. Just one word. It don't matter how much of it you know, it's that you know a word of God that's been quickened to your heart." That's why that's why we pull from a gift of God. Lord, speak something to me, Lord, that would come to life. You say, "Well, which word do I need to bring to bring me out of this situation? Which word do I need, brother Mark, that'll bring forth life?" It don't matter which word it is because every word in the Bible is God's thoughts that are laying in seed form. And if it's if it's received into the human being and spoke by the same thought that materialized the Bible, brother Bram said it will bring it to pass. So it don't matter, brother Caleb, what word it is. It it don't matter. It don't matter what scripture it is. One word of God. Every word of God is the thoughts of God and it's laying in seed form, waiting for you to receive it into yourself &gt;&gt; and bring it to pass. I believe that tonight. You know, you mean you me just tell you I believe every word matters. How many believes that every word of God matters? That's why that's why the book of Revelation would say that every man that would hear the words of this prophecy if he would add anything to it, I would add unto him the plagues that are in this book. Or if any man would take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life. I I believe that every word matters. How many believes that tonight? I believe every word matters. It matters to God and it matters to the believer. I I believe every word has the ability to transform somebody's life. It it can change the course of your life. A matter of fact, Jesus said, "Whosoever speaketh a word against the son of man, it'll be forgiven him. But any man that would speak against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven him, neither in this world or neither in the world to come. My what a powerful thought tonight. How careful that we must be because one word against the Holy Ghost was enough to never be forgiven. One word is what caused the fall in the Garden of Eden. But you know, I thought about it. If one word is enough to bring death and one word is enough to bring destruction and one word is enough to cause somebody to have eternal damnation, then what about if one word could give life? What what about a word of God that could bring forth life in a time of trouble? Friends, let me tell you tonight, every word of God is a seed that has the ability to bring forth life. Somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Every word of God has the ability to bring forth life. That's when we come to church and we begin to cry out to God. Just one word, Lord. Speak to my trouble, Lord. You know what I have need of, Lord. Just speak one word to my trial. Lord, speak one word, Lord, to my situation that my faith might be restored. I I just need one word, Lord, that my sickness would be healed. I I need one word that my family would be brought back together, Lord. That you could restore us. &gt;&gt; One word of God. &gt;&gt; You know why you have that kind of a draw? Because the seed is in God's word. But let me ask you a question tonight. What good would a seed do if it was never sown? &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Isaiah said the word of God is seed to the swer. So if there's going to be a seed, there has to be somebody to sew the seed. Jesus says this in a parable in Matthew the 13th chapter. He said, "Behold, a swer went forth to sew. And when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside. Fowls came and devoured them. Some fell on stony places. They didn't have much earth. And when they sprung up, because they had no deepness of earth, when the sun was up, they were scorched because they had no root, they withered away. But some fell among thorns, and the thorns sprung up, and it choked them. But others fell unto good ground and brought forth fruit, some hundred, some 60fold, and some 30fold. And Jesus said, "But hear ye therefore the parable of the swer." So he made sure that no longer was it a parable, but it was made known. He said when anyone heareth the word of the kingdom and he understand it not then he then cometh the wicked one and he catches away that which has been sown in his heart. This is he that received the word by the wayside. So he received a word but he didn't understand what he received. And so and then when the enemy come he was able to take that seed away from the one the birds would come and they would eat it. It was able to take it away out of his heart. He said, "But then there was another one whose seed was received on the stony places." He said, "He's the same one that when he would hear the word of God, he would rejoice and hear it." And friends, I no doubt we hear that so many times. Every time when the word goes forth, we all rejoice. There's something about us that rejoices at the word of God. There's something about us that causes us to say, "Amen." There's something about us that causes us to shout when we hear something that God speaks to us that that that that quickens our heart. But it can't just be a quickening in the or something that just happened in a service. It can't just be a revival on the surface. But there had to be something to it cuz brother or or Jesus said he said when he receives this, he receives it. But because he don't meditate on it and because he don't study on it, he may have rejoiced when he heard it. He may have shouted the building down. He he may have got so excited about the word of God, but he don't meditate on the word. He don't study on the word. He don't lay in it. It's just a service revelation, he said. And now it has no real root in him. It's temporary and it only lasts a little while because when affliction comes and trouble and persecution comes on account of the word, then all of a sudden he stumbles and he begins to distrust and desert the one that he ought to trust and obey because he didn't study on it and because he didn't meditate on it. And Jesus said, "And then he shall fall away." He said, "But then there was one that received the seed among the thorns." He said that hearth the word. He said, "And those thorns are the cares of the world and the deceitfulness of riches." I could preach an hour on the deceitfulness of riches. You know why? Because it is a deceit there. There's nothing you could ever chase in this life that you would ever get to the end of the road that you could prop your feet up and say, "I finally got what I was after." It's a carrot that you can never reach. It's something that it'll never satisfy you. He said, "But whenever you it falls among the thorns, but when you get wrapped up in the cares of the world and the deceitfulness of riches, it chokes the word and it becomes unfruitful." He said, "But then, and what about he that receive seed into good ground and he hears the word and he understands it and it bears fruit, can I just say it like this? When he hears the word, he meditates on it. He studies on it. He feeds on it. He takes it to heart. Brother Mark, he reads on it. He prays about it. He's meditating on the word day and night. And when he bears fruit and brings forth, it'll bring forth and produce some hundred, some 60, some 30. I think this is a powerful scripture. Jesus is showing us what happens when the seed of the word of God falls on hearts. But let me tell you something. Regardless of the outcome of the seed, there's some of that that look really that look really bad because the seed lay there and and many of us, you could think about people in our life that that that they had had a seed of the word or something that had fell on them, but then they would go by the wayside. And so we we've all seen or been able to bear witness of this very thing that Jesus is speaking of. But you know, I thought about it as I read it that regardless of the outcome of the seed that all of the seed was sown by a swer. This is what brought me to this tonight. He said that's and brother said that's what you're doing. See, whenever whenever you come to preach the word of God, he said we're only responsible for sewing seeds. Some fell by the wayside. I know I know people want you to do much more as a preacher. They they want you to fix all their problems and they they want you to come to the house and and get everything straightened up and get everybody lined up. But said, "We're only responsible for sewing seeds." He said, "But some fell by the wayside. Some fell on different kinds of ground. Some fell over and brought a hundfold." He said, "But we are just seed swowers." Somebody say seed sers. He said, "We're seed swers, but it's God is the one that directs it when it's falling." See, that's what we're doing tonight, brother Mah, is we're sewing seeds. That's why God calls me into the pull pit. He calls him to sew the seed of the word and then it's God that takes the seed and God determines where it falls and what kind of heart that it's fallen in. He said, "But we just keep sewing the seed." You know what? You know, I think about the devil in this age. I I thought what an evil spirit that we have today because the devil does all that he can to disrupt the program of God. But you know what? The devil has found out that you can't get a believer to disbelieve the word of God. That's what happened with Eve. But you can't do it today because they're going to believe the word. So let me I may as well just preach. Somebody say, "Pastor, I believe I will." This is what happens today. It sometimes is what happens is that Satan instead of attacking the word, brother Mah, what he has done is he has turned his attack on the swer that is sewing the seed. If he can't discredit the seed and he can't discredit the word to keep you from receiving it, then the next thing he's going to do is discredit the swer that is sewing it so that you don't receive the seed at all. I thought, isn't that just like the devil? It would cause people to come up. They judge every ministry. They get hateful about the people that God brings in the pull pit. They some they want to hear and some, "Well, you may as well preach anyway. It's the truth." Some they want to hear and some they don't want to hear and they're pretty obvious to let you know about it. They get hateful and critical in their spirit. What is it? It's the spirit of the devil that's attacking the swer that is sewing the seed. But friends, let me just say this to you tonight. As long as the seed that's being sown is a good seed, then why would we attack the swer? Isn't that what really matters? As long as the seed that is being sown Oh, I know. I I know how it is. Well, y'all may as well just let me preach. I I know how it is that Well, I don't like the way he sws. You know, he gets a little bit too loud when he sws and I I don't like how he gets so loud. And that one he Well, he just sews too slow, so I can't stand to listen to him. And that one, he sws too fast and I can't stand to listen to him. And that one he sews too quiet. So I can't stand to listen to him. But friends, let me tell you, as long as the seed is being sown, isn't that what matters? &gt;&gt; Isn't that what matters? I I don't I don't like the way he preaches. He just kind of slings it out there. He preaches so fast, I can't understand what he says. I don't like the way he preaches. He preaches so quiet and it's so negative. It's so positive. It's so this. It's so that. Why? It's a constant attack on the sewer. And it gets her mind off of the seed that God is trying to bring to the church. &gt;&gt; Say, see, so I think what we need to do tonight is be less concerned with the swer and more concerned with the seed. Hello. &gt;&gt; That's the gospel truth anyway. &gt;&gt; We need to be less concerned with the swer and more concerned with what's being sold. &gt;&gt; I tell you what the prophet said. He prayed for them. He said, "Oh God, anoint your ministers aresh." This ought to be our heart. God, anoint your ministers aresh. Lord, may we get out into the field with the word and plant the real word. If there's no word, there's no seed sowed that there'll be no harvest. But give us strength now while it is day that we might sew the seed of life into this dying and perishing millions. That was the prayer of a prophet of God. Friends, I think that ought to be our prayer tonight. Lord, let the ministers of the word, Lord, may I do something to be a help to them. Lord, may you strengthen them that they could bring forth the word of God. Lord, let the seed be sown to my heart. Lord, you know I have need of it. Lord, I want a harvest in my life. I want my life to manifest the word of God. So, Lord, I pray that when the Holy Ghost comes tonight, Lord, I pray the seed of God's word would be sown in my heart that I can manifest what you'd have me to be. &gt;&gt; Seed is sowed from the heart of every believer. We ought to pray for the swer that God would give him strength to sew. Let me tell you friends, I believe this. As long as he's sewing good seed, that's what really matters. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. Isn't that Shouldn't that be our heart? As long as it's good seed being sowed, that's what matter. Can Can I just say what Paul said? I didn't make this up. Paul said, "Some people preach Christ out of envy and strife, and some do it out of goodwill." In other words, some preach for a rivalry. In other words, they're trying to preach better than the next guy, and the next guy is trying to preach better than the next guy. Paul said, "Some preach for rivalry, but there are some that preach with a pure heart. Some are sincere." Can I go ahead and say it? And some are insincere. Some preach for personal gain. Some preach for fame. Some really want to give. He said, "But what then?" In every way, whether in pretense or in truth, he says, "Still yet, I rejoice because Christ is being preached." &gt;&gt; It don't matter what the purpose of. It don't matter what the reason was. That ain't mine to judge. But what I know is as long as the word of God is being sold, I know I can get something out of it. I believe that ought to be our purpose. I I wish I was more like Paul, but as long as God as Christ is being preached, I can rejoice. I wonder how many say amen tonight. As long as Christ is being preached, I can rejoice. That's a true son of God. He He rejoices when the gospel's preached. A true son of God, friends, let me tell you this. There's never been a time that the gospel was preached that there wasn't a cause for rejoicing. There's never a word of God that's gone forth it wasn't a reason to say amen. There's never been a time that the word of God has been spoken. Brother Mark, it didn't give us a reason to say amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Every time God's word is preached, there ought to be something on the inside of us that says amen to the word of God. &gt;&gt; We believe it. &gt;&gt; I believe every time the gospel of Jesus Christ goes forth, it brings liberty to the church. &gt;&gt; Oh, friends, let me tell you, that's why that's why we get in there and have church because the gospel trumpet is sounded tonight. It's a gospel. It's a It's a sound of freedom. It's the sound of of liberty. It's the trumpet of Jubilee. You You remember those slaves in the old days, what they were waiting on that they had been in bondage so long, Brother Mark? They just got tired of being bound down. They got tired of being held down by theology and the way that people think and the way that they that people wanted them to be. And finally, they just had to get away somewhere where they were waiting on that 50th year to come. And then one day they heard the sounding of that Jubilee trumpet and something happened on on the inside of them said, "I may not be able to see the paper. I may not have the proclamation, but I've heard the trumpet sound. It's a sound of freedom. It gives liberty to the church." I believe that's what we have tonight. I thank God for the liberty to preach the gospel. I thank God for the liberty to worship God. I thank God for the liberty to say amen. I thank God for the liberty to speak what's on our heart and be a believer. &gt;&gt; We have liberty in the house of God. &gt;&gt; We just love the Lord. We have liberty. It's the sound of freedom has been sounded. This is what Jesus came to do. He didn't come to bind you. He came to set you free. Amen, somebody. &gt;&gt; You boys believe that Jesus didn't come to bind you. He come to set you free. Ezekiel, he didn't mean for you to live your whole life bound by spirits when you go to school and have to be tormented by the devil and you don't have a way out. He came to set you free that you had somewhere to turn. Right when you're walking down the hallways, right when you're sitting there with your friends and they're saying things that they ought to say, but something causes you to turn away. He came to set you free. &gt;&gt; He didn't come for us to be bound. He freed you from bondage. You say, "Well, what bondage?" It don't matter what the bondage is. He made you free. Somebody say, "He made me free." Amen. &gt;&gt; Bible says, "Whom the Son has set free is free indeed." &gt;&gt; Somebody say it again. He made me free &gt;&gt; from sickness. He made me free &gt;&gt; from spiritual bondage. He made me free from from from from torment. He made me free from church bondage. He made me free from a priest, from a bishop, from a from a from a pastor, from a pope. It don't matter what it is that had you bound, but Jesus came to set you free. &gt;&gt; Said he made me free. The gospel trumpet is sounded. He's a liberator. He was sent to set the captives free. The sound of freedom has been sounded in this sage. I believe that friends, let me tell you, if you want good seed, then let the serow. I think we need to get get out of the way of the sewer and let the serow. Say, Lord, won't you just pour it out on me, Lord? You know what I have need of, Lord. Let let don't restrict the sewing. Let Lord give it to me as you see fit. &gt;&gt; We don't do away with the sers. &gt;&gt; We love the sers. Because without the sewer there be no seed. Without the seed there be no harvest. &gt;&gt; The word is seed to the sewer. But that ain't all it was. Isaiah said, "But it was also bread." &gt;&gt; You know, the Bible says whenever God's children, they were always promised bread. I love how David writes this because he said, "I've been young and now I'm old." He said, "But two things I've never seen. I've never seen the righteous forsaken and I've never seen God's children begging bread." God has always provided for his children all the way back in the book of Exodus when you hear of Israel, brother Mark, when they left out of the land of of Egypt and they were wandering out in the wilderness and they got all to this place and felt like that God had forsaken them and here they were going to starve out in the wilderness and remember they got to murmuring and complaining to Moses saying, "Hey, we got out here so far. What was the purpose of bringing us here? You could have left us in Egypt. We could have died in there. At least we had food to eat. At least we had bread to eat. We had meat in our pots. You know, you could have just left us there to die, but it said you brought us all the way out in the wilderness to die in the wilderness. But here, whenever God would speak to Moses, he said, "But behold, I will send bread from heaven for you." &gt;&gt; And the Bible says, "For their entire journey," I think this is so good, for their entire journey, they were fed &gt;&gt; in the natural. Their entire journey, God gave them exactly what they had need of. But I love what what Moses said in Deuteronomy the 8th chapter, but he went from the natural to the spiritual. He said, "But man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." So here he establishes all the way back in Deuteronomy that the word of God becomes bread. In other words, it's something that you can feed on. 1500 years later, Jesus is talking to the Jews that were following him. Remember when they followed him from the these were those that were at uh at the the sea there when Jesus had turned uh two fish and five loaves of bread into feeding 5,000. the these were those that were there. They had they had witnessed the supernatural. They saw the bread multiplied and the 5,000 were fed. In fact, they were actually those that had tasted the literal bread that Jesus had created. So here out of the hand of the creator, he was tearing off bread. These were those that had tasted that bread and they followed him and they we begin to call on him, "Master, where have you been? We we've been looking for you." Oh my. They were such great followers. But Jesus said to them, he said, 'You seek me not because you saw miracles. He said, ' But you're seeking me because you ate of the loaves and you were filled. Said, see, so listen now Jesus began to rebuke them. Here you say, well, they were following Jesus, but they weren't coming for the right reason. So here he rebuked them. I I thought about this of, you know, why would he rebuke them? You realize what they had done? Because they were following after him after they had received some free bread. I thought, isn't it something? In other words, they had taken on the position of a beggar. They were following after him. Well, Lord, where have you been? We've been looking all over for you. Why? You wasn't over on the other side of the sea. We followed you over here. See, they took the position of a beggar. And Jesus begins to rebuke them or or to rebuke them. And he shows us something that that's not the reason that we serve God. We don't serve God for gain. We don't give offerings for gain. We don't give tithing for gain. We don't come to church for gain. We're not trying to be a whiff. That ain't our purpose of serving God. It ain't trying to establish the flesh. But Jesus actually corrects them. He says, "This is not the attitude of the children of God." So he begins to show them what a real son of God is. He says, "See, labor not for the meat that perish, but for the meat which endures to everlasting life, which the son of man shall give unto you." So he corrects their labor. Don't don't do all of this for meat that's going to go away, but labor for some spiritual food. There's got to be something that'll sustain you. He said, "Put some effort in to some spiritual food. Put some labor in." I see. That's the problem today. Why people don't get don't get anywhere with God. They don't put any labor in for spiritual there. They don't put any work in for spiritual food. They, you know, I Well, I may as well say it. Y'all ain't going to quit on me anyway, but because y'all's good people. But but whenever when people come to the house of God, sometimes they just expect everybody to feed them. They They expect the preacher to do his job and the song leader to do his job and the musician to do their job, but they don't want to do their job. See? See? I think every one of us have a role in the house of God. And Jesus said we have to labor for meat that that endures. We ought to labor for meat that endures unto everlasting life that the son of man shall give unto you. &gt;&gt; But you know how they answered? They answered, brother Joe, they said, "Well, our fathers ate mana in the desert and as it is written, he speaking to Moses gave gave them bread from heaven to eat." But Jesus said, "No, Moses didn't give you bread from heaven to eat. The one that gave you bread from heaven was my father. &gt;&gt; He gave you bread from heaven. He gave you a true bread from heaven. And the bread of God, he watch how he shows this. He says the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven and giveth life unto the world. So here Jesus, he actually shows them that the bread of God is the person of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; See, it's not just a it's not just a something that you can touch with your hands. It's not it's not it's not this natural food, but the bread of God is he. It's a person that cometh down from heaven. Well, they said to him, "Well, Lord, won't you give us this bread?" And Jesus answered, he said, "I am the bread of life. And he that cometh to me shall never hunger, and he that believeth on me shall never thirst." You know what he done after that, brother brother Tim? He went to preaching a message on lifegiving bread. He went to preaching about an everlasting bread. There's a bread of eternal life. There's one bread that can sustain you. There's one bread that can make you whole. There's one bread that could fill you beyond being full. There's one bread that can satisfy your soul. There is a bread that's sent down from heaven. And as he began to speak on that bread, he said, "And I am that bread of life." &gt;&gt; Your fathers ate mana in the wilderness, but they died from the mana that they ate. But I'm talking about a bread that you can eat on tonight that you will never die, but you'll have an everlasting life. If you can ever turn your heart to feed upon the bread of life, it was he that cometh down in the wilderness. That same he that come present in the midst of Leodysia. If you can turn your heart to feed on that bread, you'll never die, but you'll have eternal life. &gt;&gt; He says, the bread that cometh down from heaven, I am the living bread which came down from heaven. And if any man have to eat this bread, he shall live forever. &gt;&gt; I love how Jesus said this. He said, "And the bread that I will give is my flesh, &gt;&gt; which I will give for the life of this world." I thought, isn't that isn't that a an odd way that he worded that? The bread which I shall give is my flesh. Because, you know, when you read John the first chapter, the Bible says, "In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And then the word became flesh which was Jesus. And notice what Jesus says then he says he says the word became flesh. Bram said he came down from glory and he became man. Therefore born without sex he created himself a body that he lived in. Emanuel God represented with us. The word made flesh among us and he lived with us to redeem many sons back to God through the shedding of his blood. But he realized that that wasn't the end of the story. Jesus's story didn't end at the cross. Hello somebody. It's a wonderful story. I I love the story of Calvary. But his story didn't end at the cross. He said, "But see when he when he went to the cross, the word had became flesh. That was what was walking around. The word became flesh. That was what was hung upon the cross of Calvary." He said, "But see what happened is that word, that same Jesus, he said, but the bread that I will give is my flesh." So here the very thing that had became flesh. No wonder Jesus said what the the bread that I'll give you is my flesh. He was speaking of a word. He was speaking of what came out of God in the very beginning that had came spoken down through the mouth of the prophets and had became flesh in that day. And now Jesus said, "And the word that or the the bread that I will give is my flesh." In other words, the bread is the word that came from God. But Abraham said the body sure was Christ. It was the anointed one. He said, "If Christ means the anointed one, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever." And he is the word and the word is the anointing. He said, "If you abide in me and my word in you and in what you ask, what you will," he said, "See, it's the word of God, the anointed word, that's what does it." So the word of God that became flesh. Then Jesus said, "The bread that I give you is my flesh, which was the word." So in other words, to feed on the bread of life is to feed on the anointed word of God. &gt;&gt; Rebel said it was the anointed word. That's why he was called Christ because he was anointed. So in order to feed on the bread of life is feeding on the anointed word of God. That that's the that that fulfills the very scripture that Jesus said, the bread that I give is my flesh. See, we walk around well maybe that we have to get a wafer then then we're then we're eating on it. maybe only in a only in a communion service, then then we're eating on it. Cuz you know, maybe that that that be all kinds of things that men make it. But the reality is is if you're feeding on the anointed word of God, you're fulfilling the scripture that Jesus just spoke. &gt;&gt; The bread that I give is my flesh. So, see, it's the word. It's the anointed word. That's what does it. So, see, every word of God, how many believes this? Every word of God is an anointed word. &gt;&gt; Every word is lifegiving. Every word is life-changing. That means there's no big words and there's no little words. &gt;&gt; They all have the same power. There's no big sermons. There's no little sermons. All has the same power. That that's what made Christ anointed and that's what made you anointed is feeding upon the anointed word. &gt;&gt; See, that's why you don't sit under some denominational teaching because there's no anointed word to feed on. Believing some man-made creeds and laws that that men come up with. Well, they didn't come from God. They come out of the thoughts of man. This was the very thing that Isaiah was preaching. But he's talking about a word that came out of the mind of God. It came out of the thoughts of God. And whenever it comes forth, it's going to bring forth life. It's going to do something in the believer. It's going to have transforming power. It's going to be able to produce. It's going to bring forth. It's going to manifest the life of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Anything from, see, anything from the mind of a man, it has a shelf life. &gt;&gt; But when it come out of the mind of God, can I just say it? It don't have an expiration date. The Bible said, the Bible said Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That means this word of God today, you can read it some 2,000 years later. It has the same power that it did when it was written. It was just as good when it was written in the Bible as it is when you confess it out of your mouth. It's the same word with the same power. It has the same authority that it did when Jesus stood there and it condemned the devil that was that was tormenting men in that day. That same word has the same power today. And let me tell you, you may not recognize it, but the devil certainly does. &gt;&gt; You may not know that. You may not realize the power that the word of God has when you confess it, but I promise you, the devil realizes it. &gt;&gt; See, see, it's what God give us. I preached the rest of it. I may as well finish it. We got a minute. &gt;&gt; Can I ask you this? But what good is a bread without an eater? said, "The word of God was seed to the swer and bread to the eater." You know what an eater is? An eater is a person that consumes food. &gt;&gt; See, can I just Can I just say this? I'm I'm gonna have a good time for a minute. &gt;&gt; You know, coming to church don't make you an eater. &gt;&gt; You can sit here all night and all day for the next year, it don't make you an eater. Coming coming to church don't make you an eater. Sitting every week in the service and waiting on a blessing, it don't make you an eater. You can come to a table and never eat. I I promise you, I do it all the time. Every time my wife goes to a Chinese buffet, I'm not an eater. I come, I sit, I I I go through the motions, I talk to everybody, I I open the fortune cookie and all that, but I just don't eat it cuz I don't like it. &gt;&gt; See? So, I'm not an eater when it comes to Chinese. But you can come, but you can come all the time, but it don't make you an eater. See? So, so how do I get anywhere with God? Then you have to become an eater. &gt;&gt; See, you can't. And can I just tell you this? I This is free. You know, you can't eat with your mouth closed. See, your mouth has to be open. Try it. It's not It's not easy to do. You can't eat with your mouth closed. Your mouth has to be open in order to receive food. That I believe that's why that's why we come to the master's table. There's something in us that's reaching out. We're trying to get a hold of the bread of God. And the preacher start preaching, Brother Caleb. And something in me starts saying, "Amen. Give it to me straight. Just just lay down the word. Just preach the word of God. Preach it, brother. I I want to hear another word." What is it? Is you're feeding on the word of God. You're an eater. &gt;&gt; And an eater begins to pull from the gift of God because they have a desire to be fed. Can I can I just say this tonight? When you if you're going to come to the master's table and you want to be fed, brother Jonah, then what you have to do is you have to take your hands and reach out and get a hold of the bread that God has on the table and you have to put it in your mouth. Can I make it any planer? Nobody can force feed you. Nobody can make you swallow it. Nobody can make you take it. But you have to man up and woman up and be a believer and call out to God and say, "God, you know what I have need of and reach forth your hand and take the food, the bread of the word of God and feed yourself &gt;&gt; and draw strength from God's word." &gt;&gt; Let me tell you friends, that's why we come to the house of God with an expectation because we have to eat. We have to eat to be satisfied. We have to eat to be filled. You you we have to eat. Let me let me tell you, there's a lot of people that leaves the house of God hungry. &gt;&gt; Let that set in. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people that leaves the house of God hungry. But you want me to tell you a secret? No eater ever leaves hungry. &gt;&gt; There's some people that leave hungry, but the eaters don't leave hungry. &gt;&gt; You see, the Bible said, "Blessed is he that hungers and thirsts after righteousness, for he shall be filled." So when we come in hungry, let me tell you what the Bible says. We can come in hungry, but we're going to go out field. But said, the ministers said they're sent to preach the word and you can hear the minister and and come to God through the minister's message. He said, but while the minister's preaching the word of God, the Holy Spirit that's in your heart will feed on the word of God. &gt;&gt; So the minister can say things, it can draw you to God. They it can paint a picture. What is the minister trying to do? The minister is trying to bring you to a place spiritually that you can feed, the Holy Spirit can feed upon the word of God. You know, friends, that's why that's why we are a spiritual church. That's why we try to get out of carnality and leave the things of the world behind. That's why we play music and and sing songs to create an atmosphere that the word of God can go forth because we don't want a carnal church. We are a spiritual church. We're a spiritual people. And I realize as a pastor that if you only come to church carnal and you only feed carnal and the preacher only preaches carnal, then ain't none of us ever going to get anywhere. But if you could ever get in the spirit and the preacher can get in the spirit and the hearer can get in the spirit and then and the singer can get in the spirit of God then the then the Holy Spirit can feed upon the word of God &gt;&gt; and things change in our life. So see when the word's preached, you know what's happening, brother Noah? What takes place? It's a spiritual communion between you and God. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Anybody ever felt something, you know, you don't even know what it is, but you came in church, you just barely even got here and all of a sudden just a little bit of preaching or a little bit of the word going forth and all of a sudden it just gives you such a revival. Says, see, because it's spiritual communion and said, "When we come to the Lord's table, we must be in agreement with his word." So, in other words, if we want to get something out of it, we can't come to the table of the Lord with a critical spirit. We can't come looking for something wrong and and and oh boy, we got to hear this again. We can't come with that kind of a spirit and get anything from God. He said, "But when we come to the Lord's table, we must be in agreement with his word." &gt;&gt; So, we come to receive something from God. We come to commune. How many knows what it means to commune? Commune means to share one's intimate thoughts or feelings. So, see, so when we come to the house of God and we're feeding the word, we're hearing an anointed word of God. Brother Mark, it's being preached to us. We're literally hearing the intimate thoughts or the feelings of God. &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful to think that God would care enough about you to bring an anointed word right in the the midst of the church, right? Whenever you felt like God had given up on you and there wasn't there was no hope and all all was lost. But but but when you hear the word going forth, you say, "Why does it why does it lift me so much?" It's because you're hearing the intimate thoughts or the feelings of God about your life. He knows exactly what we have need of. That's why I That's why we trust. That's why we protect the pull pit. We don't we don't just allow everybody that wants to preach come in the pullpit. And believe me, I get requests all the time in all sorts of ways of people that would love to come and and but but the reality is we just don't open the pull pit to everybody. We we there's some things in this church that are open to everybody. The altar is open to everybody. Our communion, it's open to everybody. But the pull pit, it's not open to everybody. It's only open as the Lord would see fit that the word of God could go forth. Although there's many great men, but it's our duty to protect the pullpit so that you as an eater and a believer can come in the house of God and have confidence in what's standing behind the desk. &gt;&gt; Not the man, but the word that's going forth. &gt;&gt; So, we protect the pull pit that you don't have to come to church guard and say, "I wonder what I'm going to hear tonight." You can come, you can just get ready. You can pray. You can get ready for service. You can come and kneel down at your chair. You can get ready for the word to come forth. You say, "Lord, I don't know who's preaching. I I don't know what's going to be said, but Lord, I know you've done proven it to me that I'm going to be blessed tonight. I'm going to be fed because I'm an eater. I'm coming with my mouth open and with my hand held out. I'm coming to draw from the word of God. I'm going to get something out of this service." &gt;&gt; And when you come that way, you go away filled. &gt;&gt; I think it it changes the way we think about coming to church. &gt;&gt; I love shouting. How many How many love shouting? &gt;&gt; I love singing. I love dancing in the spirit, but there's nothing greater than hearing the intimate thoughts or the feelings of God being expressed to your heart. &gt;&gt; I love worship. I love rejoicing. I But there's nothing greater to me than sitting I I I I don't just say this from a pullpit. I I'm the same way from my chair. Many people preaches in this pull pit. And I and I and I sit in the chair the same way. I'm a feeder. I'm a eater. I don't just sit there to make noise when they come out to preach. There's something in me that is drawing. Why? Because I want to be fed. I know there's souls that are in the building that need to be fed. And I'm trying to pull a gift of God that it could open up and feed the children of God. &gt;&gt; We need them kind of people. &gt;&gt; That's what we have to be. You say, "Brother Matt, well, we need some more." I'm just going to call them out. I may as well. We need some more Brother Brian's in the church. Well, be a brother Brian. &gt;&gt; It's okay. So, we need some more Brother Dave. We need We need some more Brother Joe's. We we need some We need some people, but you you can be just that. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, you're an eater. How many is an eater? Raise your hand. &gt;&gt; How many you can eat with your mouth closed? But we're eaters. And so we begin to eat on the word of God. He said, "What are we doing, brother Matt? We ain't just making a show. We're not It ain't a pep rally. It's the word of God." And I know for a fact that if a people can ever draw from the word of God, it'll pull the spirit of God right into the building and God can speak to every single heart. &gt;&gt; That's what God is waiting. He's waiting on a hungry people that he can feed. Blessed is he that hungers and thirst after righteousness for he shall be filled. He that is desired to be filled, he shall be filled. So see it feeds our soul. Let me ask you this and I'm going to close. Let me use this and close. But what happens if you stop eating? You starve. Can I just say it? I was actually reading an article about this. I thought it was I thought it had some deep spiritual meaning. It was an article about natural starvation. Said, "What happens when a man doesn't eat for several days?" The first thing happens is his body becomes weak. Somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; First thing is his body becomes weak. When he's faced with starvation, the body fights back. The first day without food is a lot like an overnight fast between dinner one night and breakfast the next morning. Energy levels are low. But whenever you come to eat breakfast, your energy level is picked up with a morning meal. That's what happens when you first start neglecting food. But just within a few days, faced with nothing to eat, the body begins feeding on itself. Friends, if I had time, I could preach on that a while. &gt;&gt; A few days without being fed, a few days with a people that that won't eat. You notice what happens? A body starts eating on. I thought, isn't that something? You take I you can tell somebody that ain't been feeding spiritually in a while because they come to Oh, God help me. But they come to church and the thing ain't on their mind about getting anywhere with God. The only thing on their mind is the person over on the other side. Well, I don't know why they're saying amen. They ain't got a right to say amen. I don't know why why they come in looking like that. Why they dress that way? Why they look that way? See, but they ain't ate in a while. And because you ain't ate in a while, then the body starts feeding on itself. &gt;&gt; This is just in the natural. &gt;&gt; You take it or leave it. said the body starts consuming the energy stores, the carbohydrates and the fats and the proteins and part of the tissue and it it starts consuming and after a while the stored energy goes away. Isn't that the way it is? Well, I don't have to go to church. I've got stored up, you know, after all I came to church enough. I can skip a few services because I've got enough stored up food. So, I'll just stay home and, you know, I've got some stored up and I'll survive. But let me tell you what the article said. is that and the first person in the family to die from starvation was not the parents. It was the children. You may have been stored up. You may have had enough to eat. You may have you you may have lasted a few services, but your kids your children don't have what you had. They ain't been they ain't listen to what you've listened to. They they may not have the the faith that you have. Said, "And if you and if you neglect to feed your children, your children will die quicker than the adult." &gt;&gt; So, see, we don't stay out to eat on stored up food. But when you start not eating, the metabolism slows. The body no longer can regulate its temperature. The kidney functions get impaired. The immune system weakens. And all of a sudden, because you stopped eating, then you're susceptible to sickness and disease &gt;&gt; and viruses, all these things that would come. Isn't that the way it is? &gt;&gt; Because you stopped eating and now anything that comes by, any old spirit that comes by, you're susceptible to it. where you used to wouldn't put up with that kind of conversations that people sit and talk about each other. You would used to wouldn't wouldn't enter into it at all, but because you stop eating and now your body is weak and now because you're weak, you're susceptible to any kind of old sickness that somebody else has. Your immune system gets low. &gt;&gt; I'm just preaching to you. &gt;&gt; Says, see, you're susceptible to sickness and disease. But then when the body uses its reserves to provide basic energy needs that that provides its basic energy needs, it can no longer supply the necessary nutrients to its vital organs and tissues. So first the body is eating on the reserves because it don't have food coming in. So it's eating on the reserves and and after it runs out of reserves to eat, it don't have the energy. Now it can't supply the nutrients. Now the vital organs start start uh being affected by this starvation. First thing that happens, it says the muscles begin to streng or or to shrink and the people become weak. &gt;&gt; But isn't that exactly the way? This is the way of starvation. It's the death of a starving man here. He had eat on his reserves long enough until there was no food coming into his mouth. And now he had ate all all that he could eat, brother Mark. And now after a few days, he starts getting weaker. And after a few days, the muscles start to strength. And now if he would try to strengthen them, the muscle's not even there that was there before because he starved it to death. And now he don't even have the muscle. It would shrink. Even the heart would shrink. The lungs would shrink. Uh the very muscles in the body would shrink until it would bring a weakness over the body. And then see the next thing would happen is the temperature of the body would drop and the person would come to a chill. Thought isn't that exactly &gt;&gt; what happens to a starving man? And now &gt;&gt; the flesh is weak. &gt;&gt; There's no strength in those muscles anymore. You were you used to have the fight. And used to have the the fight of faith. You could used to come to church on fire for God ready to just knock the devil out, but because somebody done knocked you out. You don't have the faith to eat or the strength to eat. And you starve yourself spiritually. And now you come to the house of God and now it's weaker by the day. Now our our our body gets weak. Our flesh gets weak. And then the heart starts to lose it. The very structure of the heart, it begins to fail. It becomes smaller. Ain't that the way it is? The love that you had one for another, it begins to fade away. Your heart ain't even got what it takes to contain it. And then all of a sudden, brother Mark, then the body temperature drops. And now the entire body is chilled because it's being starved &gt;&gt; because it failed to eat. And then it says after this that people become irritable and it becomes difficult for them to concentrate. I thought isn't that exactly right. You take a starving person and now they couldn't hear God's trying to tell them something but they but because they're in this condition said they're irritable. Anything you say it would it would irritate them. It becomes difficult to concentrate on things. And even in the late stages of starvation, they can actually start to experience hallucinations. You know what that means? That means they see things that aren't there. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; They things become threats that aren't real threats because they're just hungry spiritually and all of a sudden these hallucinations come by. Well, that sister don't like me anyway. I I don't I tell you what. Well, I don't much like her either. &gt;&gt; Well, I can tell she was talking about me. Do you see how she was looking over here at us? I see how Chloe looked at me just now. She don't like what I'm preaching. I can tell by the way she looked at me. It's hallucinations. It's hallucinations that But because we're starving spiritually, it caused you to see things that aren't there. I know what his motive is. I know what they're trying to do. I know what this is all about. I know I know the real reason of all it's hallucinations &gt;&gt; because our spirit is starving for spiritual food. says see eventually there's nothing left for the body to scavenge except muscle and once the protein stores started getting used then the doctor says then death is not far away. I thought my if we could see the signs of what starvation was if we could see the signs of a the death of a starving believer but the mark that death was not far away would it cause us to turn to God and say God just let me be an eater. Lord, I pray you'd strengthen me, Lord, that sometimes when I don't have the strength to eat. Maybe somebody would come by and and take the hand of God and just feed me a little at a time to give me back my strength. Friends, let me tell you, every one of us have been sick. Sometimes we get sick in our body. And sometimes we get sick in our spirit. Sometimes we lose our joy. Sometimes we lose our faith. And sometimes we just have to be fed by the hand of God. And I say, God, when I come to that place, Lord, let me come with an open mouth and let the word of God feed me. Lord, let me draw strength that I could come back to the house of God. And next Sunday, let me be a little bit more on fire. And the next Wednesday, let me be a little bit more on fire. Let me be strengthened by your word. Let a revival build in my heart. Let me have the strength of the word of God, the bread of God's word, and let me be satisfied. She realized what I've been feeding on is what's keeping us alive as a music players want to come. I thought, you know, if your physical body needs food each day, you know what the doctor said? You need 2,00 to 2500 calories a day in order to sustain your your life and your health. I thought, well, I wonder how many faith calories a person needs in a day in order to sustain your spiritual health. If your natural body has to have it, how many faith calories do we need every day, brother Mark, to sustain our spiritual health? Here's what here's what Paul said. He said, "This is the source of our life." He said, "See, our if our natural body needs food and drink to survive, our spiritual body needs food and communion with the Lord each day in order to survive." Paul said, "This is our source." He said, "I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live, not I, but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. In other words, what I've been feeding on is what's keeping me alive. He said, "It ain't me that lives anyway. It's Christ that's living in me. It ain't me that's got this revival. It's Christ that's living in me." And friends, it ain't just on a weekend. It ain't on a just on a Sunday. It ain't on Wednesday. But I can tell you what Brother Ram said. He said, "Each day, we've got to study the Bible." Some people, they don't study at all. some picks it up every two or three times a year. He said, "But a real believer that's really spiritually built up, he reads his Bible every day and he talks to the Lord." &gt;&gt; We have to feed on the word of God. Won't you stand to your feet tonight? Isaiah said, "The word of God is seed to the swer and it's bread to the eater." I believe that tonight. There had to be a seed. There had to be a swer. There had to be bread and there has to be an eater. I think if we could look at this every time we come in the house of God that way. You realize what God is doing. He's given us bread for our journey. Isn't that what he done with Israel? I love how the Bible says it. It says from the time they got they got up the next morning and when the dew was on the grass, right in the morning dew, he didn't even let them go partway through the day before they got what they had need of. But right amidst the morning dew, he said, "There lay a little round thing that was a wafer." And they went out and begin to pick it up. And the prophet Moses came by. They said, "We don't know what this is." Moses is that is the bread that God has sent down from heaven. I thank God today that brother Travis, he has not neglected his church, but for the time that we from the from the time of Jesus until the time of the rapture, he said he'll make sure that they're fed. They're never going to be begging bread. And just like he did in the days of Moses, he sent a prophet in this day that you could identify what you're eating and say that is the bread of life and is good for food. &gt;&gt; Just open your mouth and feed on it and it'll give you life. I believe that. He said, "See, God has given us fresh mana." Said, "You can't say two weeks ago, I had a great experience, but what about right now?" I say, "What about right now?" &gt;&gt; Every day a fresh, a new blessing, a new something coming down from God. the hidden mana coming from God out of heaven. And we feast upon this mana which is Christ and he sustains us through the journey till we reach the land on the other side. Amen. How many believe that tonight? Amen. What are you playing, brother? [Music] And it's keeping me keeping me alive. keeping me alive. Well, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Well, Jesus is keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. But Jesus is keeping me alive. I said it's all over me. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. Well, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. I know Jesus is keeping me alive. Well, the Holy Ghost and fire, it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. Well, that Holy Ghost and fire, keeping me alive. Well, Jesus is keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. I know Jesus is keeping me alive. I said it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Well, it's keeping me alive. Well, it's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Well, Jesus is keeping me alive. I know it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. But it's on. [Music] I know the Holy Ghost will set your feet to dancing. The Holy Ghost will see you through and through. The Holy Ghost will set your feet a dancing and set your heart dancing too. Well, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Well, it's keeping me alive. Well, it's all over me. Keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. [Music] I'm glad we got something that can in life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you glad of it tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. We have bread. How many eaters do we have in here? &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not going to starve oursel, but we're going to feed on the word &gt;&gt; every time we come in the house of God. That's going to be our purpose is to feed on the word of God and draw strength from God's word. &gt;&gt; Amen. Will you pray for the sers? &gt;&gt; Amen. I said, will you pray for the sers? The sers need prayer, too. Isn't that wonderful that God would open something such a way to our heart that we could receive everything that we have need of? That's why we don't do away with preachers. I know there's a lot of people in this world today, they don't have need of them anymore. And maybe some people's been burned and maybe they've been they they some men had mistreated them or something like that. But you know, we don't do away with the preachers. We don't do away with believers because there's hypocrites. We don't do away with preachers because there's false teachers, but we believe the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Can &gt;&gt; you get the key of G? [Music] Oh, why don't you just give up and let Jesus take over? Oh, give up and let Jesus take over. Why don't you give up and let Jesus take over? I know that he'll he'll make a way for you. I said, "Why don't you give up &gt;&gt; and let Jesus &gt;&gt; let Jesus &gt;&gt; take over? Why don't you give up? give up &gt;&gt; and let Jesus &gt;&gt; let Jesus &gt;&gt; take over. [Music] Why don't you give up? &gt;&gt; And let Jesus Jesus &gt;&gt; take over. I know that he'll he'll make a way somehow. Can I say it like this? If you got some mountains, well now if you got mountains &gt;&gt; got mountains &gt;&gt; that you can climb. You got any rivers? If you got any rivers that you can't cross, well now if you got any valleys that you can't spend, oh just let Jesus take a hold of your hand. Oh, now why don't you give up and let Jesus &gt;&gt; let Jesus &gt;&gt; take over? Why don't you give up and let Jesus &gt;&gt; Let Jesus &gt;&gt; take over? Why don't you give up and let Jesus Jesus &gt;&gt; take over? I know that he'll make a way somehow. Well, now if you got burdens that are too hard to bear, and I say if your low &gt;&gt; is more than your share, then just kneel down. &gt;&gt; Kneel down &gt;&gt; and talk to Jesus. Cuz I know he's a God who cares. Oh, I know that he'll Yes, he'll make a way somehow. So why don't you give up &gt;&gt; and let Jesus &gt;&gt; take over? Why don't you give up and let Jesus &gt;&gt; take over? [Music] Why don't you give up? &gt;&gt; Let Jesus take over. I know that he'll make a way somehow. Oh, just give up. Give up. Let Jesus Jesus. Oh, just give. Let Jesus Jesus take over. [Music] Oh, just give. Let Jesus &gt;&gt; Let Jesus &gt;&gt; stay and he make way. Oh, somehow. &gt;&gt; Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Aren't you thankful you could just give up and just give it to God? Lift your hands and surrender and he'll take control from there. Let's sing this song as we go. He set me free. He set me free. I'm not sure what can you figure it out. He said we're free people tonight. So why don't we just act like that? &gt;&gt; Well, once like a bird in prison, I dwell. Oh, no. Freom from my sorrow I felt. Oh, but then Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God, he set me free. Oh yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of ris for me and I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am I shame. Oh, darkness of night has drifted away. Oh, my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God, I'm home were bound. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of risen for me. And I'm going bound my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying to and glory to God. I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of risen for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. Let's sing that last verse once more. Goodbye to sin and things that come. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm eating and I'm praying, too. Oh, glory to God. I'm going through. Oh yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bomb of risen for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. Oh, God bless you tonight. We'll see you Sunday. Oh, he said be free. Yes, he set me free. For he broke the bond of risen for me. Well, I'm going bound my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher shame. For darkness of night has drifted away. Oh my feet all planted on higher ground. And glory to God, my home word bound for he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus. Glory to God. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. [Music]
