################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - We Have A Vindicated Forecast  Bro Andrew Glover 05-21-2025 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   We Have A Vindicated Forecast | Bro Andrew Glover |05-21-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7i9jD-kZ7o
========================================

[Music] [Music] Do you feel [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let's all stand and sing that first verse. Oh, so I'll throw up my hands, praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelu. And I know it's not much. I have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. So I'll throw up my hand. So I'll throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. All that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, sing that first verse. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. But when I sing and you all will worship him this evening. So I'll throw up my hands. Praise you again and again as all that I am. Oh yes, [Music] [Applause] Lord. Uh-huh. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Applause] [Applause] I've got one response. I've got one response. I've got just one move. Oh, will you lift your hands and praise them with my arms fresh? Oh, I will worship you. Oh, so I'll throw up my hands, praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a high. Oh yes, it's [Music] a and I know it's not much. I've nothing else for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, sing that bridge now. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you shine. [Music] You've got a light inside of those hearts. Get up and pray. Oh, let's praise him this evening. He's worthy of it. Oh, get up my soul. Don't you get shout me. Lift up my soul. You got a lion inside of you. Get up and pray. Oh, sing that part once more. Come on my soul. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you get shy. Lift up your soul. You got a lion inside of these lines. Get up and pray. Oh, sing it once more. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you get shout me lift up your soul. You've got a lion inside of those hearts. Get up and praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, so I'll throw up my hands, praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Applause] [Music] hallelu. And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing highle. Oh, sing it once more. No musicians. Oh, so I'll throw up my hands to praise you again and again. All that I have is a Yes, Lord. Just praise him this evening. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] And I know it's not much. I've nothing else for a king except for a heart singing [Applause] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Yes. Just give him a hand clap of praise. Just give him just worship him. He's worthy of it all. He may just have just a simple hallelujah, but he loves to hear that song this evening. He's worthy of it all this evening. You're worthy of it all. Oh yes, oh, you're worthy of it [Music] all, my Lord. Oh, for from you are all things, and to you are all things. For you deserve the glory. Lord, we sing. You're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all, oh Jesus. For from you are all things and to you are all things and you deserve. Oh, every hand raised, let's just sing it to him this evening. For you're worthy of Oh Lord, won't you just come and have the praises of your people? You're worthy of it all. Oh my king. Oh, from you are all things and to you are all things. Oh, you deserve it. Oh, just sing it once more to him. Oh, you're worthy of it [Music] all. I say you're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Can you say amen to that this evening? He's worthy of every praise that we can give to him. You can't praise him enough. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. Those that are streaming, we welcome you. Just ask you just enter in. Those that have been away, I know we have some that have been on vacation. It's good to have you guys back. Good to see a full house on a Wednesday night. just come in great anticipation what the Lord has in store for us tonight. But for brother Andrew, brother Joe, it's good to have you back. Will you open in a word of prayer? [Music] [Music] Manifes and light of the You step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Such beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Oh, so here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, alltogether worthy, allto together wonderful to me. and King of all things. Oh, so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you created and all for love's sake became whole. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to second verse. Oh, and king of all days. Oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you created and all for love's sake became home. Oh, so here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together worthy. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to. Oh, aren't you thankful for this? And I'll never know how much it costs. Oh, to see my sin upon that cross. And I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon. Sister Elizabeth, did you bring your song? Oh, so here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. [Music] Must be Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is light. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. [Music] To every soul held captive oppression, I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Music] fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. Burn like a [Music] fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Jesus for my family. I speak a holy name. [Music] Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is love. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Music] fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over heart and mind. I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. I'm so thankful for that this evening. Amen. Just a quick announcement I forgot to do. Uh we're having a Memorial Day picnic out here at the church at 12 o'clock. Um, if you plan on coming, please bring chips, sweets, ice, and drinks for your family. The burgers will be provided. So, I just forgot to do that, but everybody is welcome. If you're Come on out, we're sure we'll have a lot of fun. Stuff like that. How many enjoyed that song special this evening, man. Let's sing that song. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. How many you came expecting from something from God this evening? Amen. Devil may you may be tired from all week, busy all week. Satan said there's no point going to church. You're going to be tired. You're not going to get anything. But I think it's time for us to stand up to say, "Satan, I've come to church. I'm coming to get my blessing this evening. Oh, when pains of death ceased on my soul, unto the Lord, I cry." Oh, till Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be denied. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh, as Jacob in the days of old, I wrestle with the Lord. Oh, and instant with a courage I stood upon his word. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Now Satan said that my Lord was gone and was not here my prayer. Oh but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord he is here. Oh yes I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Oh, let's all stand and sing that last verse. Now, old Satan said that my Lord was gone and would not be. Oh, but I got good news this evening. But praise the Lord, the work is done. and Christ the Lord, he is here. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be I'll sing that course once more. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Amen. Brother, can we go ahead and pray over the [Music] [Music] offering? I've never tried this song, so I'm going to give it a go. Well, it's your season, oh, to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. He's going to open the windows. Pour out a blessing. It's your season. Oh, to be Oh, sing it again. Oh, it's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. He's going to open the windows and pour out a blessing. For it's your season. Oh, to be blessed. I'm blessed in the city. I'm blessed in the field. I'm blessed going out. I'm blessed. Coming in. He's going to open the windows. Pour out a blessing. For it's your season, oh, to be blessed. For it's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. He's going to open the window. Pour out a blessing. For it's your season. Oh, to be blessed. I've been through the fire. I've been through the flood. But I'm standing here because his blood can open the windows, pour out a blessing. Oh, it's your season. I'll sing that part once more. I've been through the fire. I've been to the flood. But I'm standing here because he's love. He's going to open the windows. Pour out a blessing. For it's your season. Oh, to Oh, it's your season to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. Can't open the window. Pour out a blessing. Oh, it's your season. Oh, let's just clap now. [Music] Sister Destiny, if you go ahead and come sing it once more. Oh, it's your season. Oh, to be blessed. God made you a promise. You stood the test. Going to open the windows, pour out a blessing for it's your season. He's going to open the windows. Going to open the windows. Pour out a blessing for it's your season. Oh, to be blessed. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this evening. How many you come to receive a blessing [Applause] [Music] tonight? Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from [Music] me. Well, one day, little David came home from a city called. While he was gone, the enemy came and stole everything that he had. [Applause] [Music] I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace, I'm taking it back. everything that the devil stole from me. Now one day little David came home from a city called a lack. While he was gone, the enemy came and stole everything that he had. But David encouraged himself in the Lord. Well, one day little David came home from a city called a lack. And while he was gone, an enemy came and stole everything that he had. David courage himself in the Lord. And he made up his mind. Said, "I'm on my way down to that cave and I'm taking what's rightly mine. I'm taking it back." Oh, everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my soul, my death, my joy, and my peace, I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me. Now, we all know that Satan only comes to steal, kill, and destroy. And I must admit that there have been times when he's taken away my joy. But I've certainly noticed on the devil today that his kingdom is under attack. Cuz I'm on my way down to that cave and I'm taking my person back. I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back my song, my death, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me. Now, we all know that Satan only comes to kill, steal, and destroy. And I must admit that there have been times when he's taking away my joy. But I'm serving notice on the devil today that his kingdom is under attack. Cuz I'm on my way down to them gates and I'm taking all my stuff back. I'm taking it back. Oh everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the Lord gave to me, I'm taking back my soul, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. for everything that the devil sing that second verse. Now we all know that Satan only comes to kill, steal, and destroy. I must admit that there is ever been there before my joy, but I'm serving on the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. on my way down to his gates. I'm taking my Oh, let's all stand this evening. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the Lord gave to me, I'm taking back my song, my death, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the Lord gave to me. Sing it again. I'm taking it back. Everything that the Lord gave to me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my song, my joy, my peace, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my song, my dance, my joy, and my peace. Taking it back everything that the devil stole from me. [Music] Amen. Well, God is my everything. God is my everything. Yes, he's my [Music] joy. I said he's my [Music] hope. Well, he's my rock in a we land. He's my shelter in a time of storm. Will God is feel God is my everything. God is my everything. Well, God is my everything. Well, he's my hope. [Music] I said he's my home. [Applause] [Music] Oh, he's my rock. He's my shelter in a time of storm. I say God is God is if God is my everything. How many can you sing that tonight? I say God is God is he's my everything. Well, God is God is he's my everything. Well, he's my joy. He's my joy and sorrow. I say he's my hope. He's my hope. I know he's my rock. He's my rock in a wey land. He's my shelter in a time of soul. Well, God is Well, God is God is Well, God is my everything. Amen. I want you to turn around and tell somebody, "God is my everything." Amen. Isn't it wonderful to have a God that means everything to us? And you know what? You mean everything to him. Amen. Isn't it wonderful to serve a God that paid the price on Calvary for every one of us to have the freedom to be able to come together and worship the Lord. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. How many say praise the Lord? Praise the Lord. Amen. Just sure good to be in the house of the Lord. Want to welcome everybody on a Wednesday night. Brother Andrew will be speaking for us. So, look forward to what God has in store for us tonight. And we just appreciate all that God does. Brother Wayne, God bless you. Come and fellowship with us for a couple days. And and we just certainly uh appreciate him being here and and uh we we thank God for all he does for us. Amen. And um I guess brother Ben announced the meeting or the picnic coming up and did he get everything right? It's a good deal. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless her. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. We I just love good people that have the liberty to come to church. Amen. You love everybody. Amen. If you can turn around and find somebody you don't love, go fix it real quick. Amen. We love everybody. Amen. We're just glad to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And want to remember brother Nathaniel asked prayer for his mom traveling down uh on Friday to come and visit. And also uh Charlotte had took a fever and ask for prayer for her tonight. If you have a need on your heart just let it be known by the uplift of your hand. Certainly God knows what we have need of tonight and just ask the Lord to come in special way and speak to our hearts tonight. Is that your prayer? Amen. Not just to come to church and and but we want to come have communion with the Lord. Amen. Not just to have fellowship with one another, but to have fellowship with him. That ought to be our prayer. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege it is, Lord, to be able to come and just to fellowship, Lord, in this kind of an atmosphere, Lord. And God, how we have done our best, Lord, tonight to make you welcome among us. And Lord, I just thank you, Lord, for your mercy. And Lord, how that you overlook our mistakes and Lord, our our weaknesses that we have, but Lord, that you would come and fellowship under the blood of Jesus Christ, Lord, with your body of believers. And Lord, we just ask you that you would have your way in this service, Lord. I pray that you would touch each one, Lord, everyone that's sick that would be healed. And Lord, those that have a special need tonight, Lord, that you would meet their needs, Lord. And God, I pray that you would anoint our brother Andrew, Lord, as he comes. And Lord, just to be able to be able to speak to us, Lord. You know what we have need of, Lord. And we'll pull from the gift of God, Lord, that we can draw from heaven tonight, Lord. And we'll give you the glory for all you do for us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. How many say amen? Amen. We just come to get something from the Lord. Amen. Can we sing that key of C? Light of the world. You stepped out into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see the beauty that makes this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. How many can sing it tonight? Oh, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful, wonderful to me. Oh king of all, so highly exalted. You're glorious in heaven above. Think about it now. Oh, how humbly that you came to this earth. You created and all for love's sake became more. So now we come tonight in response to that, brother Wesley. I say, here I am to worship, Lord. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful, wonderful to me. Oh, I say, King of all days, you're so highly exalted. You're glorious in heaven above. But then humbly you came to the earth you created and for the sake of love became more. So I say here I come to worship. Here I come to bow down. Here I come to say it to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy together. Oh, here I am to worship you. To bow down. I am. You're my God. You're all together love. All together. Oh yes, he is to me. How many can give him a hand clap of praise this evening? Amen. How many believes he's worthy? Amen. How many knows he's worthy? Amen. Amen. There's a difference in thinking something and knowing something. And tonight, we know that he is worthy of all of our praise, of everything that we are, and everything that we can give him. He's worthy of it all. Amen. Amen. I was hearing the prophet of God speaking today and he said, he said, "God's will is his word." And he said, "He always keeps his promises." He said, "It's his desire to manifest his promises." And I think here tonight it's his desire to manifest his promises to every individual that's in this building tonight. Whatever the need may be, how big, how small, it makes no difference. He's the God of our needs tonight. Let's approach him tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, what an honor and a privilege it is to be gathered in your house tonight. Father, to pull away from the things of the world, to pull away from the cares of life, Lord, to shut in your presence for just a few moments, Lord. Father, we're so thankful for this opportunity that you've given us, Lord. Father, we're so thankful for this place that you've given us, Lord, to be able to come and to be able to worship you without any restrictions, Lord, without any hindrances, oh God. Lord, to just come into your presence and to be able to lift up the name that is above every name, Lord. That at that name, every knee would have to bow, every tongue would have to confess. And Lord, as we gather here tonight in this place of that we have called Grace Tabernacle. Lord, we're not just gathered in a building tonight or in a church, but Lord, we're gathered in you. And Lord, your prophet said that there is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Lord, your prophet told us what a what a what a pre pleasure it is to be able to get into your presence and to begin to worship you until all the guilt and all the shame and all the condemnation falls away. And Lord, truly we sense a spirit of worship in the building tonight. And Lord, as we come now to this portion of the service, the preaching of your word, Father, we pray that you would dispatch angels of God into this building. Lord, as as your prophet told us, when the word begins to go forth, it's spiritual warfare. Now, Lord, I'm asking you, bind the hand of the enemy tonight. Lord, you see the needs that are here represented, maybe maybe sicknesses, diseases, whatever the needs may be. Oh God. Uh Lord, we stand here firm upon this promise that you're still Jehovah Gyra and you're able to do exceedingly and abundantly above all that we could ask or think. Father, forgive us of our failures and our shortcomings. Lord, Father, may this be more than just another Wednesday night gathering or service. But Lord, may it be an Emmas road walk. Lord, may it Lord, may hearts and lives be changed and transformed by your presence. For Father, we commit this meeting tonight in thy faithful hands. Bless everyone that's in our gates tonight. But we ask in Jesus Christ's name we pray and all the believers says amen and amen. God bless you all this evening. It is a an honor to be home and to be speaking to you tonight. It's been a few days since we've seen you and spoke to you. And we do thank brother Matt, our pastor, for this invitation and opportunity tonight to speak to you from the word of the Lord. And amen, it is an honor to be here. And amen, real special to have brother Wayne here with us tonight. God bless you, brother Wayne. We sure love and appreciate Brother Wayne and his stand for this message. And I'll say this, Brother Wayne's been more than just a a preacher friend to me, but he's been like a dad to me and a real help and a real spiritual blessing in my life. And I sure love and appreciate the man of God. How many appreciates, Brother Wayne? Amen. God bless you, buddy. I sure love you. Amen. Years and years standing faithful on this message and never change one bit. We appreciate that. Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we want to go to the word of the Lord, the book of Job. The book of Job, the 19th chapter. And it just is a real honor, as I said, to speak to you tonight. And I do want to say that it was been a I guess we haven't seen brother Matt since we was at the tent meetings together there in Virginia. But I tell you what, if you hadn't heard his sermon, it was a powerful sermon. I never was so glad in all my life to be a believer when he was talking about the healer, the believer, and the Pharisee. Amen. It's such a such a blessing to be identified as believers tonight. Amen. Amen. We want to look here in the book of Job the 19th chapter and then also Proverbs in another place in first Peter. Amen. We want to look here tonight and God bless you to everyone that's here and visitors. God bless you all. Job chapter 19 and verse 23. He says, "Oh, that my words were now written. Oh that they were printed in a book that they were graven with an iron pen and led in the rock forever. For I know that my redeemer liveth. I read one translation of that today and it said, I know my redeemer and vindicator. All right. Liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth. And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. Brother Ram called that that immortal flesh. Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold and not another. What a promise, brother David. We're going to see him. Amen. Not another, but our God. Though my reigns be consumed within me. Now, in the book of Proverbs, chapter 29, Proverbs chapter 29, it's a very familiar reading. I I use it a lot and I call it one of my favorite verses because it's so true. Proverbs 29 and verse number 18 says, "Where there is no vision, the people perish, but he that keepeth the law, happy is he." Where there is no vision, one translation says, "No revelation of God and his word, the people perish, but he that keepeth the law, happy is he." And one of the place I want to look is first Peter chapter 1. 1 Peter chapter 1 and verse number number number eight. 1 Peter chapter 1 and verse number eight. Peter here writing. I've just really been feeding up on these verses lately. Of whom having not seen ye love and whom though now ye see him not, yet believing ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls, of which salvation the prophets have inquired, and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you. So, this is not just any kind of grace. This is prophetic grace. Verse 11. Searching what or what manner of time the spirit of Christ which was in them did signify when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow. unto whom it was revealed that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister the things which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven. I love this. Which things the angels desire to look into. Wherefore gird up the loins of your mind. be sober in hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought unto you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. In the in the Amplified Bible that verse 13 says, "So prepare your minds for action. Be completely sober in spirit, steadfast, self-disciplined, spiritually and morally alert. Fix your hope completely on the grace of God that is coming to you when Jesus Christ is revealed." We ask Lord this evening to have the blessing of the reading of his word. As you can have your seat here this evening. I want to by the help of the Lord tonight if I would if I would take a title. I want to speak to you on this. We have a vindicated forecast. We have a vindicated forecast. Brother Brandham in 1955 preaches a sermon and he calls it my redeemer liveth. And I just want to read a portion of this. It's a maybe a little bit of a lengthy reading but just stay with me. I think brother Brandham says it so beautifully here. He says, "I think of Job, the one we're reading of a few moments ago." He said, "Now, he looked forward to this morning." Now, here he is in 1955, and he's going all the way back to Job, and he's saying, "Job, looked forward to this morning." He looked forward all the way to 1955. He said, "When he was old, he was stricken in age. His flesh was simply falling from his body from soores. His heart was broken in grief and every mortal part of his being was withering away. He said, "But here he was at his wits end." Anybody ever been there? Here he was at his wits end. Everything was gone seemingly. His body was gone. His property was gone. His children was gone. All that he had was gone. He said, "But then God in his mercy come down to Job and he give him another sense." Amen. God in his mercy come down to Job and he give him another sense that he could open his eyes and he could see the day that there would be a body he would receive. He knew there was coming one, a just one who would stand in his place who would raise up the body of the dead. And so he cried, "I know that my redeemer liveth." He said, "If today we only have, amen, a a cross on top of the church to show," he said, "which that's all right, that we believe in Christ's death, burial, resurrection, if we only have a few dead bodies of dust laying under the church that some of the saintly people were buried in. We only have that as a hope." Amen. Then we're among all people most miserable. He said, "But today, how thankful that we are that we don't just have the dead bodies, but we have the resurrected spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ, that he rose from the dead triumphant." Amen. When Job cried out those words, "I know my redeemer liveth," he said he was moving from the negative side of things unto the positive side of things. He said, "It's no more, I guess so." Amen. You could look at a cross and say, "I guess so." You could look at a body laying in the ground and say, "I guess so." Amen. Or I hope so. But when the vision, amen, has struck Job become a reality. Amen. The resurrection of the Lord Jesus by the Holy Spirit in the heart. Amen. Then you got it. And you can say, "Amen. I know my redeemer live." If all the shadows has faded away, all the old darkness of hope so and maybe so. And we trust it'll be that way. It's all faded away to anybody that has ever made their heart a separate of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I'll tell you what Job received. He received new hope. And brother said that's this new hope that God has placed into our hearts today. Amen. This new assurance. It's not a hope so. It's a no. He said it's a hope to those who are looking forward. Amen. To the time. Amen. See, after we are risen with him, we have been given the commission. Amen. go into all the world and bring these tidings to the other. So we find here that Job 4,000 years, Amen. before the coming of the son of God. Amen. Job by a vision, amen, saw the resurrection. It was 4,000 years ahead of him. Amen. But by a vision he could see the resurrection. Now, what I love about this is he did not just see the vision of the resurrection. Amen. But he received assurance. Amen. by the vision that he was going to be there when this great event took place. Amen. Amen. I'll say it is a joy to my heart tonight to know that we're not just reading the vision. Amen. And hoping we're going to be a part of these things. Amen. Guessing we're going to be there. Amen. But we have received a more sure word of prophecy wherein we can testify tonight. Amen. That a settled asurances in our heart. Amen. That we're going to be there. Amen. Because it's more than just a reading. It's more than just a suggestion. Here's what I believe. Amen. I believe Job received a forecast. Amen. When you look there at that word forecast, it's a prophecy. It's an estimate or a prediction. Amen. Of future happenings or the condition. Amen. That they're going to happen in. It means to predict or a future event. Amen. To indicate is likely to occur. I love this. It means to calculate the future. Amen. Another word there for forecast is vision. And the prophet of God would say, "What is a vision?" See, it's the forecast of future events. It foretells the thing. Amen. Before it happens, he said, "See, that's why a prophet is not born and then he becomes a prophet." He said, "But he's already a prophet when he's born." Amen. The gift to be a prophet is in him. Amen. Before he's even born, he said, "So what is a vision then? It's the word of God or something foretold. It's a forecast of an event and a vision that the prophets had. Amen. Jesus had and Paul had and all of them. Amen. They tell of this day. Amen. Was a forecast of what would happen. And here we see the forecast being made manifest and people don't even recognize it. Listen, we're not living in the days where God is writing the Bible. We are living in the days where God is fulfilling, amen, what has already been wrote. That's why we're not here tonight praying God send a message. We have already received a message and that message is more than a suggestion. It is more than an opinion. It is more than a religious idea. It is a vindicated vision from almighty God that has come through his ordained channel of a prophet. Listen, brother Bam stood there and he said, "Here I am preaching these seven church ages." He said, "Now I'll say this." Amen. The seven church ages is the pattern. Amen. for the forecast of all that God, Amen, was going to do for the churches. Amen. And through the churches, Amen. God was not just going to do something for the churches. He was going to do something through the churches. And he was going to positionally set them up. Amen. That's why, Amen. In the Old Testament, you will read these words. Amen. Thus saith the Lord. It's recorded in there about 2,000 times. I love what Brother says. If a man says, "Thus sayaith the Lord," it's not the man talking. If he would, then he wouldn't be a prophet. He'd be a hypocrite because it would never come to pass. There is one chance out of 1000,000 times, amen, that they might guess it. But if it's thus sayaith the Lord, the Lord God has said it. Amen. If it's thus sayaith the Lord, it's not the Lord has guessed it. Amen. Or the preacher has felt it. Amen. But it's the Lord has said it. And he said, "So the Bible, Amen, is thus saith the Lord by the prophets." Amen. They took Christ's spirit upon themselves. And what they did was they forecast, amen, the events that would come to pass. He said, "Talk about forecast." They said what would take place down to the ages as they sat and they stood, they laid, and they walked with Christ. Amen. upon them in so much that they acted like Christ. He said, "And the readers would read it and they would think that the prophets, amen, was actually speaking of themselves." But can I let you in on a little secret tonight? They were not speaking so much of themselves. Amen. They were speaking of you. Amen. Amen. A beautiful example. Paul said, "Amen. That we'll not all die, but we shall be alive and remain and we shall be changed." Amen. But none of them people that heard Paul say that, Amen. are alive tonight. Amen. Listen, that don't mean it was false prophecy. It means there's somebody going to fulfill it. And I happen to be looking tonight at the people that is alive and remain until the coming of the Lord. Amen. They were not speaking about themselves. They were speaking about you because what was happening is they were being moved by the Holy Ghost. Brother said, "See, look in second Peter 1. For the prophecy came not in old time, amen, by the will of man, but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Amen. I love that word moved. It means to move by bearing. It means to be conveyed or to born. It means with the suggestion of force or speed. I love this. It is to transport. Amen. Persons born in a ship over the sea. Amen. To move by a gust of wind. I love this one, Brother Matt. to be moved inwardly. Amen. When they were moved, they were not being moved outwardly, but they were being moved inwardly. Amen. To bring forward in speech. So, what was moving them on the inside you are reading in the Bible called the holy word of God. That's why it's more than just a sermon. It's a prophecy. Amen. A prophecy foretell the future events. It's the divine mind. Amen. To which the prophetic faculty is due. Brother says it beautiful. Amen. And prophecy, if it's true word of God, it cannot fail. Amen. Can we just Can we just get that out there and establish it right now? If it's the true word of God and the Lord has said thus, and it has been called prophecy, Amen. It cannot fail. As a matter of fact, heavens and earth will pass away before one of these words fall. Amen. God is able these stones to rise children unto Abraham. Listen, folks, this is more than just a man. Amen. This is a prophecy. It's a forecast and it's a vision. When you think there that word forecast, of course, you know, amen, there's a natural forecast. Amen. And there's a spiritual forecast. Amen. And when we think of the word forecast, automatically, amen, our minds carry us, amen, to the weather forecast, amen. And I found it amazing in the Bible that the Bible actually speaks, amen, of the weather forecast. In Matthew 16 and Luke 12, it says that you can discern, Amen, the face of the skies, Amen. But you cannot discern the signs of the time. Amen. When the Bible speaks of a weather forecast, it is dealing with the ability, amen, to forecast the weather, amen, but lack spiritual discernment. So they can tell you when it's going to rain. They can tell you when it's going to snow. They can tell you when it's going to sun is going to shine and when the clouds are going to gather, but they lack spiritual discernment. Amen. And I'll say this to you tonight. Amen. As the elected overcomers of this age, amen. We must have the discernment of spirit if we're going to overcome Leoa and find ourselves in a rapture. Spiritual discernment is not a suggestion. It is a commandment. That's why Paul said, "Amen, that the natural man, he receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolish unto him, and neither can he know them." Somebody say, "Know them." Know them. Because they are spiritually discerned. That word spiritually is by the aid of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Discern. I love this. It means to estimate. It means to determine. Amen. The excellence or the defects of any person or thing. Brother Ram comes along and says we have an order from God is for the discerning of spirit. Amen. He don't say believe every spirit. He says try the spirit. I believe that's a very great lesson. Amen. Have discernment of spirit. We are to discern by the spirit to find the excellence of the thing or to find the defect of it. Amen. Every behind everything there is a spirit. Right? Amen. There's either an excellence. Amen. Or there's a defect. And I'll say this. That's why we must live by the word. Amen. In the spirit. Somebody say, "Well, we just live by the word." No, you can't just do that. You got to live by the word, but you got to do it in the spirit. That's why John said, "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God because many false prophets are gone out into the world." I love what Paul says to Timothy. He says they'll have a form of godliness, but they will deny the power thereof. Now, watch what he says. From such, amen, turn away. Brother said, Paul promised in the last day by the Holy Spirit that the church would fall away, millions of them, listen here, there'll come a falling away. That's what Paul said thousands of years ago. And we're living in the manifestation of the falling away. Amen. They'll be heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God. He said, "Despisers of those that are good." Amen. Not the right discernment. How many's thankful for a prophet? He said, "Well, you say that's communist." He said, "No, that's so-called Christians." He said, "No power thereof." Amen. No spiritual discernment. Because when you got spiritual discernment and the Holy Ghost is upon you, then you have spiritual discernment. And it says, "Amen." I love that. It takes it beyond you. Amen. To it says amen to every promise of God. Amen. Paul said those days would be. He says, "And we got it. It's here. It's on us. We look and see it." He says, "We hear it from everywhere. And what do we do? It ought to draw us together." I'll say this, folks. It's time to forget manmade theology and cry out to God for spiritual power and spiritual discernment. The lid has come off of hell. Demon powers are invading this world. Listen, the devil has one task and that is to conquer this bride. But I want to put that devil on notice tonight. There is a bride on the face of the earth that has receive the Holy Ghost. And she has been given the ability by the spirit to discern the excellency or to discern the defect of it. And we do not have to believe anything that is contrary to the word of God. That's why Jesus said in Luke 17:30, "Amen, that the conditions of Sodom and Gomorrah would return." Amen. When would they return, brother Joel, they would return in the day when the son of man would be revealed. Oh, church of the living God, we're not looking for the day when the son of man will be revealed. We are looking at the revealing of the son of man. Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom." Now, amen. Thank God for a prophet. He said the police and the homicides is just all the time. Amen. Breaking up boys living together as husband and wife. Women living the same way. He said perverted. Amen. Their minds are filthy. Now why are their minds filthy? Because they don't have spiritual discernment. He said all is a lust and a filth and they can't satisfy themselves with one another. He said they don't even marry. They just take up go out until they're perverted. And Jesus said that it would be in the last days. Now, how many theologians had read Luke 17:30? How many reformers had read Luke 17:30? And they all said, "Amen." Jesus said that those conditions will return. But listen to it tonight. It took a prophet to say, "And here it is." So, he moved beyond just its coming. Amen. To hear it is. It took a prophet to get the revelation. Amen. I'll say this. Spiritual discernment is not guessing something is right. Amen. It's knowing what is right and it is knowing what is wrong. Amen. Brother B said, "Look at what Jesus said." He said, "You shall know the truth." Amen. And the truth shall make you free. He said, "If you see God's word and still don't think it's the truth, then there's something wrong with your spiritual discernment." Any man could read a newspaper if he's got any spiritual discernment about him at all and he can see that we're at the end. Listen to a prophet. The hour is here. There is nothing left for us. Amen. But the coming of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Somebody say, "Well, there's a revival coming." Listen, the revival is here. Amen. There's a there's a man going to change America. Listen, that's why the prophet said, "Amen. I feel like preaching." He said, "You could put a George Washington on every corner and an Abraham Lincoln, too, and you will never turn this nation around because she's been found in the balances." And she's been found wanting. But unto you that have spiritual discernment, you can turn to Luke 17:30. You can turn to Matthew 24 and you can see when these things begin to come to pass, that ain't the time to pull off your praise. That ain't the time to pull back on your worship. That ain't a time to pull back on serving God. That's the time to kick in because lift up your head. Your redemption is drawing nigh. There's a rapture coming. There's a resurrection coming. The forecast has already been given and you've already been seen in it. Yes, sir. You say, "Well, that'll be a thousand years from today." He said, "I don't believe that." He said, "I believe this generation, this generation will see the coming of the Lord Jesus. And if this generation doesn't do it, oh my. He said, I want to preach to the young people. Somebody say, "Amen. Preach to the young people. You're wasting your time." I beg to differ with you. And I'll say this. I don't think our young people are the church of tomorrow or the church of next week or the church of two years down the road. I happen to believe that our young people are the church of today. Amen. Tomorrow is gone and hallelujah. Yesterday is gone and tomorrow is not promised. But today is a day of salvation. Then let us sew something in their souls that is more than just a feeling. It is more than just a sensation. But it is a discerning spirit of almighty God to stand the demons of the age they're living in. Yes, sir. I want to preach to the young people. Listen, brother Bam, why do you want to preach to the young people? So that they'll be looking for it in their generation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cuz the fig tree is putting forth its buds and this generation will not pass until all these things be fulfilled. Amen. I love that quote. Amen. I want to preach to the young people. Brother David, I want to build up a spiritual expectation. Amen. I want to give a spiritual forecast to the young people. I want to tell them that the lid has come off of hell. I want to tell them that Sodom and Gomorrah has returned. I want to tell them that everything has become a lust and a filth. I want to tell them, amen, that hell has invaded the United States of America. But at the same time, I want to tell them that there is a message in the last days that has come for the fulfilling of the revealing of the word of God. Listen folks, a prophet has already been here and he's already revealed the book of Revelation. We already know what the lamb's book of life is. But praise God, we know our name is in it. And there ain't no devil can take it out. There ain't no devil put it in. And there ain't no devil can take it out. I've got a revelation in my soul by a vindicated vision of God, I'm going to be there. Come hell or high water, I'm going to be there. Come trouble or no, come sickness or whatever, we've already been seen there just as Job was. Hallelujah. I can speak to the young people tonight and I can say 1 Thessalonians 4 does not only include a prophet, it includes you. I can speak to every believer in this building tonight and I can tell you what the Bible says. There will be some who is alive and they will be remaining. I love that word alive. Brother Mark, that word alive means fresh. Brother Ram said, "If you fall asleep in that watch, then you'll wake up with them same anticipations." He said, "When Martin Luther wakes, amen, St. Paul awakes in the resurrection, it'll be just as fresh as if they was right in the battle." Amen. Patting right away cuz they went right down under those same anticipations. What was their anticipation? They were looking for the coming of the Lord. He said, "We got to be looking for him right now. Even we don't know it could be possible. It could be a hundred years from now. It could be 500 years, a thousand years, 10,000 years. I don't know. Nobody knows. But say for instance, we lived each day that he was coming in that day. See, if we live like he was coming this day when we awake, if we sleep and we awake in the resurrection, oh church, it'll be just as fresh as if we just fallen asleep. We're just going to wake up. Oh, God. Hey, I feel like shouting on that. Amen. One of these mornings between 6 and 9, our prophet is going to awaken out of sleep. And he's not going to wake up still and looking back a hundred years. He's going to wake up with the same freshness that he had when he closed his ministry and said there's a rapture and there's things that are to be and there's leadership and there's a communion coming. Oh, may their expectations of God be arrested in the church of God that we'll live every day with our minds fixed. Yes, sir. until he comes. We want to live each day like he might come the next minute because it might be the end of your life. Amen. I'll say what a prophet said. He said, "God promised." Amen. This is not a this is not a a a a goodwill word. God promised in the last days. He said God promised. I love this. Promised prophets. Amen. Amen. Promised prophets in the last days. Now, I can show that to you in Exodus 23:20. He said, "Behold, I send an angel before thee." Amen. To keep thee in the way. Look here at the forecast. And to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. In Malachi 4, behold, I God will send you, Andrew Glover. I just went ahead and put my name there. Amen. I will send you Elijah the prophet, William Brandom, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Now, watch the forecast. He's not just sending a prophet, but he's going to do something. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest thou come and smite the earth with a curse. Ephesians 4:11. Amen. He's going to give some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers. Now, watch the forecast. for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ, that we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, now watch here, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the slate of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive. Amen. I love this, brother Wayne. But speaking the truth in love. That's a forecast, church. But speaking the truth in love may grow up into him in all things which is the head, even Christ. Amen. If a man comes and he has a great gift says if he no matter if he belongs to our denomination or another denomination, you don't judge him by what denomination he come from, how he dresses. But what you want to see is what he's trying to do with that gift, what purpose he has. If he's trying to take his influence and build himself a great name out of it, he said, I would have discernment of spirit enough, amen, to know that that's wrong. He said, "No matter how great a teacher he is, how powerful he is, how intellectual he is, or how his gift operates, if he isn't trying to achieve something for the benefit of the body of Christ, then your own spiritual discernment, Brother Brian would tell you that's wrong." No matter how accurate, how perfect, how it is, it's wrong if it isn't used for the body of Jesus Christ. I say thank God we have received a sound spiritual discernment on the judging of gifts in the church. Listen, not behind every gift is a spirit of excellency. Amen. Sometimes accompany those gifts are a spirit of defection. But thank God we've got a message of the hour. We've got a year a thumb. We don't have to believe every gift and follow every spirit that comes to the door. We can stand on the revelation of Jesus Christ because grace has come unto us. And when this grace come, it brought a stability. It brought authority. It brought our minds into action to withstand, amen, the demons of hell that's trying to conquer this bride. Yes, sir. Amen. I'll say this. Amen. Look at Joshua. How many knows there was a Moses? Amen. How many knows there was a Joshua? Amen. There was a Moses they came out under. Amen. Brother Wayne preached that Bible conference a few years ago. And there was a Joshua generation. There was a Joshua that took them in. There was a Moses brought them out. Brother Xavier, there was a Joshua that took them in. Let me say this. Joshua, brother called him the new leader. I love this. He said he positionally placed the tribes of Israel and he divided the land of inheritance. Now, how did he do it? Did he do it because he had seen Moses? Did he do it because him and Moses sat on a log somewhere and Moses shared some things with him? No. He did it by spiritual discernment. He said, "Now watch. And there they remained in their place." Hallelujah. And they became the cream of the crop. So Joshua did not use his ability as the new leader. Amen. To build himself up. He used his God-given ability as the new leader to positionly place the generation in the land of inheritance. And there they became the cream of the crop. I say thank God for men like Matt Morris. Thank God for men like Wayne Lawson and Joel Reynold and all these other preachers that are not using their gifts to build the people up and to put the people's faith in themselves, but they're building the people up. And they're saying, "Now, whatever you do, you put your faith in this message. You stay in this message. And if I say anything contrary to this message, you stay with the message and forsake what I said." Come on. We're not talking about another church age coming. There's not another church age in the forecast. The next thing is the changing of our bodies. The next thing is the changing from mortality to immortality. Listen. Spiritual discernment. Amen. Is spiritual revelation of God. That's what Joshua did. Watch in Matthew 16. He said, "Flesh and blood has not revealed this to you. You never learned it through educational line. You never learned it through denominational line." Amen. Y'all forgive me if I'm excited. I'm excited to be preaching at home tonight. You education or denomination, that's fine. But people are laying too much to that and they're leaving out the spiritual discernment. He said, "Now watch. Flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my father which is in heaven has revealed this to you and upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell cannot prevail against it." we'll never be able to prevail. He said, "Now watch and see where the gates of hell is against." He said, "It ain't against denomination. The government recognizes that. The world recognizes that." He said, "It's against the spiritual revelation of Christ being here now, the same yesterday, today, and forever." Watch, folks. That's where the church is missing it today. It's that spiritual discernment, brother Wesley, to see what God's are doing, not what God has done and not what God will do. He said they look way over top for something here that's going on right here and it'll be passed before you know it. Can I say something to you? Don't miss it. Come on, Grace Tabernacle. Don't miss it. Amen. I I admonish you. Amen. If you can be in every service, don't miss a one of them. This is the greatest times of your life. It's the greatest seasons that your children will ever experience is when the power of God is moving in the church and souls are being saved and hearts are being filled and lives are being transformed. I say open up your eyes and say, Lord, if a cold spirit has come over me, shake me, Lord, from the top of my head to the souls of my feet. I don't want to miss what you are doing in the hour that I'm living. If you're going to heal anybody, I want to be there to see it. If you're going to save anybody, I want to be there to see it. If anybody's going to get a breakthrough and they're going to shout in the Holy Ghost, I want to be there to enjoy it with them. I don't want to miss what God is doing in the hour that I'm living in. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. Don't miss it. He said, "Man's always He's always looking back and praising God for what he's done, and he's always looking forward to what he will do and ignoring." Yes sir. What he has done and is doing. He praises God for what he has done. Come on. He looks forward to what he will do, but he ignores what God is doing. Can I say what a brother said? And there he misses the whole thing. My goodness, brother Anthony. looking back to what God done, looking forward to what God's going to do and missing the whole thing. Ignoring what he's doing. He knows what he has done and he knows the promise of what he will do, but he fails to see what he's doing. Spiritual amnesia. Now, may he in his power come through this audience of people wherever you are and with his spiritual discernment. Amen. showing you that he is the word. My goodness. So, we're not looking for a vision. We are looking at a vision. Can I say this? We have a vision. Proverbs 29:18 said, "Where there is no vision, the people perish." Amen. You know what that word perish means? It means to let go of. It means to lose restraint. It means to lose the discipline. Amen. To go to the house of God. Now I just got to preach since I'm this close to it. Amen. Any church that loses the vision, Amen. Before long, people's going to start losing the zeal. Amen. To even go to church or be a part of church because everything's become a fuss or a fight or correct this and fix that. Hey, I'll say this. Let it all go and open up your eyes and see what God is doing. I know there's false doctrines. I know there's confusions, but open up your eyes and see there is a revival that is burning in the hearts of the bride of Jesus Christ. God is doing something, church. Hallelujah. He's saving souls. He's bringing families back in the house of God. He's revealing himself in the power of his message. I don't have to look back a 100 years ago. I can look at you tonight and say the same God that was with Abraham that was with Moses is right here in this building tonight in the power of his resurrection to fulfill his word. We ain't got to let our praise go. We ain't got to get so discouraged. Hallelujah. Come on. Amen. I'll just say this. The last thing the devil wants to go is your praise. Because he knows when you lose your praise, you've lost your weapon. He knows when you've lost your ability. Can I preach? When you've lost your ability to just let go and praise God, you're on your way out. But I say harness your praise. I say arrest your praise. I say arrest your worship and pull it back in the house of God and say, "I may be disappointed. I may be struggling. I may be in a hard way. But let everything that hath breath praise ye the Lord. Praise him on the pulpit. Praise him in the back door. Praise him on the instruments. Let the young people praise him. Let the elders praise him. This is one thing Grace Tabernacle will not allow Satan to do. We will never allow Satan, Amen, to bury our praise. We got a praise in our soul and it don't belong to no preacher. It don't belong to no church. It belongs to Jesus Christ. Who is the head of our salvation? Yes, sir. I'm talking about a praise. I'm talking about a real praise. That's the difference in us and a bunch of Pentecostals. We ain't got to get up here and get the music going and then run all over the building saying, "Come on, somebody. Come on, somebody. Come on." Oh, no. Amen. Just start preaching this message and watch the pillar of fire start trouble the waters and watch the anointing begin to connect here and connect over there. And before long, there's a revival in the house of God. And there ain't no music and there ain't no instruments, but there's a praise in our hearts because no matter what I'm going through, God's been good to me, brother Joe. No matter what I'm going through, God. He's been good to me. He deserves the praise. There is no vision. The people lose their restraint. They lose their zeal. Come on. Look at this word vision. It's an oracle. It's prophecy. It's divine communication. Oh, glory to God. When there is no divine communication, when the man of God is no longer studying the message to preach, but he's checking every other church to see what they're doing wrong. Well, I might as well preach. I feel good and I'm home. Amen. When there's no more burden in the word of God, Amen. to dig in the depths of the message and find some golden nuggets. Amen. So, we just get up and say, "Do No, no, no. Let me say this. Thank God for divine communication." Thank God there's still some preachers in the last days that still are willing to get off the boat. They're willing to get off the golf course and they're willing to get out of the treeand and study the message of the hour and come to a pull pit and say what a prophet said. I'm going to get in trouble. They're willing to get in the word of God. Now, are you against fishing? I love to fish. Are you against hunting? I love to hunt. Amen. But I will say this. Amen. If we're going to be a preacher, we ought to make the people and the preaching of the gospel the priority of our lives. Because this is more than just you coming to church and punching a time clock. Brother said, "You don't realize." He said, "Spiritual discernment is connected to your eternal destination." Now let's just say what a prophet said. He said what is the seer? What is a vision? It's another dimension. He said it's outside of the five. It's a six sense. He said now what is a vision? Somebody say six sense. He says what is a vision? Someone has asked many times. Brother Brandham, are you impressed to say certain things or do you just think it in your mind? Now here it is. No sir, I see it. It's just there. It's like I'm looking at you just the same as you are. Only you know you're standing here yet you may be back 40 years in somebody's life seeing what taking place even see them what they're dressed positionally and everything. And then I have to talk and when I'm talking seeing the vision I don't know whether they hear me whether I'm loud or not. That's the reason I say to the operator here and everywhere. If it's just in this small place where I know you're getting a rebound in this gymnasium, he said, "Will you really understand it?" He said, "Here it is. A vision is God." Amen. Somebody say, "Well, it ain't too important to worry about the sound system." I got a quote for you. But a vision is God. But a word of knowledge, dropping it to the person to foresee or foresee something. It tells something that has been or tells something that will be. Can I say this? Job was on the ash heap. He was at his wits end. His family was gone. His children was gone. Livestock was gone. Everything, brother Bobby, seemingly was gone. But I love what the prophet said. He said, "But God in his mercy, God in his mercy, he gave Job another sense." Where did this sense come from? In his lowest hour, in his weakest moment, the Lord came down to Job and imparted into him another sense. Can I say this to you? Somebody say, "Another sense." Another sense. Somebody shout the six sense. Six sense. Somebody shout the super sense. Super sense. God gave Job another sense. Look what Hebrews 11:1 says. It says, "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for. It's the evidence of things not seen." In Galatians 2:19, "For I through the law am dead to the law, that I might live unto God." Now, now, now that now we got, we got to stop here for a second cuz that's almost an oxymoron that something's dead and something's alive. It's a contradiction, right? But look what Paul says. He says, "I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live." Amen. Now, is that is that a paradox? I am crucified with Christ, but nevertheless I live. Now, here it is. Yet not I, but Christ liveth in me, and the life which I now live, I live in the flesh. Oh, God. I live by the faith of the Son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. Can I tell you what Paul's saying? He's saying, "In one sense, I'm dead. But in another sense, I'm alive. In one sense, I'm crucified. In another sense, I live. Yet not Paul, but Christ liveth in me." Look at this. In one sense, but in another sense. Amen. I love that phrase. It typically refers, Amen, to the different ways that we perceive the world through our five senses. Amen. through sight, through hearing, through smell, taste and touch, or the five inner senses. Now, I got to digging in this and I found the best example I found is brother Brandham in 1951. He says this. He says, "Now say some of you ladies tomorrow, what if the express agent would come down to your house and say, "How do you how do you do? How are you, Miss John Doe?" You'd say, "Yes." Well, he'd say, "I have something here for you." And you looked at it. Come on. I'm feeling too good. and you looked at it and it's in a great big box and it's full of rattlesnakes. Well, what a present. There's your name tacked on them and he says, "These are yours." Are they? Now, listen. In one sense, they're yours, but in another sense, they're not. In one sense, the box of rattlesnakes are yours because they got your name on them. But in another sense, they're not. Now, you say, "I don't want them." Amen. You say, "I don't want them." And he says, "Well, they're yours. Your name's on them." Well, that's one way it's yours. Oh, God. That's one way it's yours, but still it isn't yours until you sign for it. Hallelujah. You can look at it and see your name is on it. And in one sense it's yours because your sight tells you your name is on it. Oh, but in another sense it's not yours until you accept it. And if you don't sign for it, well, he'll have to take it back. If you don't sign for it, he'll have to take it back. Are you hearing me? What happened? Spiritual discernment took over. There was an ability to discern that. Yes, my name is on it, but it's a box of rattlesnakes and I don't have to accept it. But I might as well preach it's Wednesday night. Amen. Yes, your name is on that depression. And yes, your name is on that sickness. And yes, your name is on that chart. And yes, your name is on that problem. And in one sense, it is yours. But oh, brother Travis, in another sense, it's not yours. Hallelujah. Job was only ash. His family was gone. His livestock was gone. Everything he had was gone. He was at his wits end. And in one sense, brother Jonah, he was at his end. Oh, but in another sense, in another sense, he was not at his end. He was at his beginning. Hallelujah. What was his beginning? when the vision came and the revelation struck his heart and he said, "Though the skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God." I say to that devil tonight, "Take your hands off of every job in this building tonight. I rebuke you, Satan. In the name of Jesus Christ, you don't have a right to hold. You don't have a right to torment." The faith of God has prompted in this building tonight to say, "It's not yours. It's not yours. That nervousness is not yours. That complex is not yours. That failure is not yours. That besetting sin is not yours. That complex of habits, it's not yours. But I'll tell you what is yours. Joy unspeakable and full of glory. I'll tell you what is yours is a peace that passes all understanding. Hallelujah. Somebody shout hallelujah. Somebody praise God. That doctor's report may have your name on it, but it ain't yours. I'm at my end. That's in one sense. But in another sense, you said, "Brother Ander, what are you getting at?" Amen. Where's the spiritual discernment? Brother said it very beautiful. He said, "Now look here. You say, "Now, Brother Brandham, could Jesus look like you or you be Jesus or something like that?" Can I preach? In one sense of the word, that's exactly the truth. Amen. But another sense of the word, it's an antichrist. That's the difference between right and wrong. To make me the person of the Lord Jesus Christ would be an antichrist. See, for that the person of the Lord Jesus is sitting at the right hand of the majesty on high, and he will come again in great power and glory. Can I preach? So, let's just all settle down and let's just all go to church and kind of hum along and just, you know, just get bitter about everything and get complexed and and get all been out of shape because brother Travis, someday he's going to come back. Well, in one sense that's true. He says, "But in another his life that was in him being upon me and upon you who have him, it's exactly the truth." Can I read it, Brother Wayne? And you become Christ. Yes, sir. You've become Christ. Oh, no wonder the devil's after you, Sister Cindy. Is you have become Christ. What is Christ? He's the anointed living word. Oh house of hell give way to Christ who is the word you become Christ. You remember my message on messiah. See the word messiah it means the anointed one. Now you are if you have the holy spirit. You become the anointed one. See then there's all kinds of anointed ones. Can I bring it on down? Amen. Jesus was a God man. Jesus, he was a God man. Remember said he was man in one sense. He was God in another sense. He was man in flesh, but in his spirit he was God. Brother Noah, in his flesh, he was man. In his spirit, he was God. Hallelujah. He said, we just went through that. Amen. Can I say this to you? Now, I want to bring it down from Jesus and down from our prophet. I'm going to bring it right here to every believer. For in a man, he is in one sense a miniature creator if he is a child of God. Because the spirit of God is in him who controls him who operates him. Can I go on a step further? 1964, we are carnal and that part must perish. But then, Brother Matt, but then inside, we are a spirit man. There's a soul inside. How many thankful for a prophet? And the soul on the inside. He said that's faith in God's word. Hallelujah. That's why the devil hates you is because yes, you got a flesh and it's carnal and it's going to perish. And yes, you got a spirit and it's up and down. But underneath your flesh and underneath your spirit, you got a soul which is faith in God's eternal word. He said, "Then we bring our outside body under subjection to the word." Yes, sir. Brother, how do we do it? We do it by faith. We bring our outside body under subjection to the word by faith. Can I say this to you? By accepting what God has said. How do you bring the rattlesnakes in your house? By signing for it, Brother Jared, and accepting it and bringing it in your house. Well, how do you send it away? By rejecting it and taking a stand in another sense. Oh, house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. This ain't just a bunch of people playing church in a building. These are the subjects of God. These are the messiahs of God. And the devil sent everything he can our way. But greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world. Now I I don't want you just to hear this. I want you to get it. Amen. God in his mercy came down to Job and gave him another sense. Amen. Look at this word sense. It's the ability to understand, to recognize, to value, or to react to something. Now, I've already said it. We have five outer senses. See, taste, feel, smell, hear, five inner senses, imagination, conscience, memory, reason, and affection. Can I say this? None of those was given to you to guide you. Come on now. They were given to you for your earthly contact of your earthly home. See, there's a body, which is flesh, that's controlled by five outer senses. There's a spirit that's controlled by five inner senses. But there's a soul that's controlled by one or two. That's either faith in God's word or unbelief. Now, brother says this. He says faith is the six sense. Amen. It's the only direct and positive sense. He said, "Now, if you're possessed with faith, oh my, can I can I can I pile a bunch on the devil right now? If you're possessed with faith, then faith is just as real and as much reality to you as your sight is." He says, "Whatever you yield your senses to will dominate you." He said, "What you see, what you hear, what you taste, what you smell or feel, whatever those senses are yielded to, they will dominate you." Now, here's what I want to put on the devil's face tonight, David, Brother Day. Paul, I want to say this to the devil. The six sense only belongs to the Christian. So for the devil that's been telling you you're not a Christian, he has no right to qualify you as a Christian by the five outer senses or the five inner senses. What qualifies you as a Christian is by the six sense which is the faith of God. But you cannot have that six sense until you become the Christian. And the only way you can ever have any more than five natural senses for the natural person is the six sense which is better known to the Christian as faith. Here it is. It's the one that governs and guides you and it is superior to all other five senses. He says here it is. When the when the five senses can I can I give you these quotes? Will you will you take them? When these five senses act contrary to the word of God then they are lying. Your feelings will lie to you. Your emotions and sensations will lie to you. Your imagination will lie to you. Amen. Your reasoning will lie to you. Here it is. But the six sense cannot lie. Woo. Glory. The sixth sense cannot lie. It's a super sense. And here it is. And the super sense is the Holy Spirit, the faith of God that dwells in you. Well, come on, devil. Get out of here. On my good days, I'm a child of God. And on my bad days, I'm a child of God. When I'm sick, I'm a child of God. When I'm well, I'm a child of God. When I'm encouraged, I'm a child of God. When I'm discouraged, I'm a child of God. There is nothing the devil can manipulate through fight. inner and outer senses that determines who I am in the forecast of almighty God. Now you say, "Brother, you're going way out there." Am I though? And the super sense is something. Are you ready for this? It'll make you believe God's word. Yes, sir. Oh, I want to put my shouting shoes on for about five minutes and say, "Thank God for the super sense. [Music] Thank God for the super sense. It makes me believe. It's the only thing it'll speak about. It'll make you believe for things that you cannot see, you cannot taste, you cannot feel, smell, or hear cuz it'll take God's word. Are you ready for this? And it will deliver that word to you. Amen. And then it will make you walk contrary to any other thing there is but God's word. So what activates this six sense? He said see it's the new birth. The six sense comes for this reason to make you deny anything that's contrary to God's word. Right? That scripture speaks of casting down reasoning. So you got to walk by that six sense. You got to talk by that six sense. You got to live by that six sense. You got to die by that six sense. Can I go ahead and say it? He says, "And you will rise [Applause] by that sixth sense." Yes, sir. That super sense. It's something that's in you, brother Brian. It's in you. Hallelujah. That's why when Martin Luther wakes up and brother Brandham wakes up and Paul wakes up, it'll be just as fresh as if it when they went down because the faith of the revelation of the word of God lives. Now, now I got to bring this down because the natural man says and reads the word of God, says that's the word of God. It's speaking the truth. But if it reads it and says it's not all the word of God, come on. or it was it's something it was one time but it isn't now. Somebody say thank God for the six sense. Then that six sense comes in and says no he's the same yesterday today and forever. The six sense is come upon the human being to make them deny anything contrary to God's word. Here it is. It's a greater sense. It's a faith. It's a power that stirs and drives. It's something that makes you do things that you never It makes you do things that you never thought you would do. Well, I feel good on that. It makes you do things, brother Morgan, that you thought you would never do. When the six sense is struck by the reality of what it's hearing to be the vision of God, it ignites something on the inside of you. Come on. I know what I'm talking about. Amen. No doubt some of y'all come in here tonight on Wednesday night and God bless you all for being in the house of God like this on a Wednesday night. Amen. together with eagles and bring your liquifier. But you come in here and you're real tired and you and you're going through things. But can I say this? By the atmosphere that's in this building right now. Unless you told me you was going through something, I wouldn't know it. Unless you told me, Brother Charles, there was a situation, I wouldn't know it. You know why? Because you're not just church members. You're Christians and you receive the six sense. And so the six sense is what dominates grace tabernacle services. The six sense is what guides our worship. The six sense is what guides our Amen. This ain't a bunch of emotion leading people around. It's the word of God. It's the vision of God that is coming to this age. Amen. I'm going to close on this. It's too late, brother Matt. The six sense done claimed you. I said it's too late. See can't have you. Feeling can't have you. Imagination can't have you because the six sense has already claimed you. It has claimed you for its fulfillment. It has claimed you. Oh, I may be down, but God in his mercy has given me another sense. Hallelujah. It's a power and it stirs you. Come on, sir. Can I preach? It's a power. It's a power and it stirs you. You say, "Brother Andrew, I ain't a preacher. I ain't up on the pull pit. How's the six sense affecting me?" You're here in the house of God. Hallelujah. Can I say something to you? Amen. I'm sorry I miss Mother's Day here. Let me say this. God bless all you mothers. It should be every day. In the days Sodom and Gomorrah has returned, so has the six sense. And it's claimed some little fifth gospels. It's claimed some mamas. Amen. To raise their babies in the fear and the admonition of God. Amen. I'll just say this. Amen. Amen. I thank God for my wife and I thank God for my children's mama. We was out yesterday or somewhere yesterday, day before and there was a woman in there and her kid was there and brother Wayne, it it tore my heart out. Her kid said something to her and she took off a cussing at that kid and using every foul word you could think of. And I thought, dear God, I told Malachi, I said, "Go find your mama and give her a hug and thank her for raising you the way she is." Come on, church. Amen. This is more than just a bunch of cloaks. There's a reality to this six sense. The six sense has claimed homes. The six sense has claimed entire family. Some of y'all were sitting here tonight and you were buried in a religious tradition. But the six sense come walking to you and it got a hold of you and it pulled you out of that tradition and it claimed you for its fulfillment. Some of you all was sitting on the ash heap like Job was and you was ready to throw up your hands and say, "I give up. I quit. I ain't going through this religious confusion any longer." But then grace come walking in the form of a man of God called brother Matt Morris who raised up a tabernacle and said this church is going to be built on the foundation of the six sense. We're not going by gifts. We're not going by feelings. We're following thus sayith the Lord. And I say thank you brother Mad that we have a church governed controlled led by the six saints. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What's wrong with you? I'll tell you what's wrong with you. My six sense, it's feeding right now. And it only feeds. It only feeds on the word of God. You say, "But Andrew, I've been coming to church and I've been hearing the word. Nothing's changing." Can I say something to you? Give the Six Sense a try. Come on, folks. Can I tell you right now, your body is receiving revelation of God? I'm done preaching. I'm just having fun now. Your body is receiving revelation from God that it might catch up with in two weeks. It might take it two weeks to catch up with it, John Ryan. But just give it some time. Yes, sir. You say, "When was John Ryan healed?" Brother Wayne was healed. The night he said, "I'm healed." The night he accepted his healing was the night brother Marky was healed. But it took a few weeks before that body come under subjection to another sense. What about the two women on the prayer line? One had a gorder and one had a stomach trouble. And brother Joe, they walked across the platform and he said, "You're well. You're well." And they went out with the gorder on the neck and the stomach trouble still there. You know what he said sister? He said they went home praising God. He said Gordon is still there. Stomach trouble still there. He said they went home praising God. He said in one morning, he said one morning the angel of the Lord come stirring through the neighborhood and the woman took a drink of the orange juice and the acid didn't come back up. Hallelujah. I've got to break out of my skin right now. The acid didn't come back up and the coffee stayed down. He said, "And she ran up the road and she said, "Honey, what's wrong with you?" And they were a shaking the sheets. They were shaking the sheets looking for the garter. Brother said, "What happened?" He said, "The night that they were in the meeting," he said, "I was preaching it and the six sense was catching it." Glory. I say, "Thank God for my six sense. What my feelings don't catch, what my memory don't catch, but six sense catches and causes me to rise above it all and say, "I have received another sense." Stand on your feet and give God praise. I have received another sense. And it's greater and it's superior. Hallelujah. It's stronger. Hallelujah. And it's guiding this church. Thank you, Lord. It's guiding this pullpit. Yes, sir. It's guiding these musicians. It's guiding these families. It's the six sense. Amen. And it's real, buddy. Hallelujah. I wish I was out. I feel like shouting right now. When I start looking back over my life and I start seeing all the valleys, brother Wayne, I should have never come out of, but the six sense was catching the word and it was bringing me out of the trial because I received a greater sense. I'm not a crazy man. I know way felt, but then he stood up. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I don't know if you can, brothers. Can you give me up there? Can you give me 2 Corinthians chapter 4 and verse number eight? 2 Corinthians 4 and verse number 8. I want to read about y'all for a second here. Is that okay? Can I read about you? 2 Corinthians 4:8. There it is. Thank you, brothers. We are troubled on every side. Do you see what I see? yet not distressed. [Music] We are perplexed. Am I reading that right? But not in despair. Give me the next verse. We are persecuted. But we're not forsaken. Brother Dave, we're cast down. But we're not destroyed. Can you give me verse eight again? Can I read it to you like this? In one sense we are troubled on every side, but in another sense we are not distressed. In one sense we are perplexed, but in another sense we're not in despair. Amen. The next verse. Amen. In one sense we are persecuted, but in another sense we are not forsaken. In one sense we are cast down, but in another sense we are not destroyed because greater is the super sense. Get a hold of it tonight, church. Get a hold of it tonight. Get a hold of the six sense. Brother Wesley, get a hold of it, buddy. It'll lead you. It'll guide you. And it'll fix every problem in front of you because it's already in your future. [Music] the six sense. It's real. And it's here in this building tonight. [Music] And I'm going to go ahead and say it and I'm done. It's already claimed you. That's why you're still here. That's why we're still here. It's a vision. Hallelujah. It's a forecast. I'm not looking at what I'm in. I've climbed up. Oh, don't it feel so good to get on Jacob's ladder. And start climbing up in that dimension. Amen. Amen. Somebody say, "Brother Andrew, things are rough. Things are bad. But I love what a prophet said. He said, "If your sick sense is alive tonight, this is the last hour of your suffering." And he says, "If you got that six sense, it's ready to be made alive. So, let's make it." Amen. Amen. He said, "Brother Andrew, how does that six sense come alive?" Brother Peter, it's a very beautiful thing. It comes alive by manifested word. Amen. Being revealed to you. Hallelujah. Well, Andrew, I don't know what my future holds. Okay? I'm not bowing my knee down to the five senses. Come on, man. I'm going to tell you what your future holds. Victory. Hallelujah. Rapture. Body change. Say, "Brother Andrew, how can you say that? You don't know my future. You've never been in it. I'm preaching about the one that's already been there. He holds your future." I want you to bow your hearts with us tonight. If you are alive with that six sense, this is the last hour of your suffering. This is the last hour of your suffering. Oh, I wonder tonight with every head bowed, every eye closed, how many is ready to get a hold of that six sense? Now listen, it's going to take that six sense to pull you through them hard times. That that that feeling and that that that real high that you get, that's wonderful. We enjoy it. But sometimes that'll leave you. But you got to have that sick sense on the inside of you. And when Job had come to his wits end, he couldn't see no further. He couldn't go no further. God in his mercy come down to Job and gave him that six sense, gave him another sense, gave him a vision, gave him a revelation, imparted a faith in his soul. I say this tonight to you on the on the basis of the word of God. God of Job is in this building tonight and he's moving throughout this building right now. He's touching hearts and he's touching lives right now. I see the influence of his presence moving upon the hearts of his children right now. He's here. He's here right now. Let him impart to you the same thing he imparted to Job. Almighty God, we worship you in this building tonight. We reverence your presence in this sanctuary. We adore you. We lift you up above every problem, above every situation. Lord, you are the God that is above all. You are the God. There's no God beside you. There's no God with you. There's no God above you. You are God and you are God alone. And Lord, you're right here in this building tonight, Lord. Father, you've come down in the preaching of the message of the hour. And father, while the world is is fulfilling their part, while the world is moving under the spirit of perversion and under the spirit of rebellion and destruction, Father, you have given a grace through this message. Lord, you've given a grace to the revealing of the son of man. Through the revelation of Jesus Christ through this message, there's a grace been open to hearts and lives. Father, I rebuke every enemy right now in this building that's trying to hold your precious children. Father, every situation that's trying to grip them and is trying to interpret their future and interpret the way they're going to be. Father, I rebuke that spirit in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, upon the authority of your word, we have not come here for former fashion. But Lord, we have come here to worship you and serve you. And in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, may every spirit contrary to the six sense, may it be paralyzed right now in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, if there's a job here tonight, Lord, that's sitting on the ash heap. They're at the bottom of the barrel, as it were, Lord, they're at their wits end. Lord, may this be the night, dear God, that they receive that sense the same way Job did. Lord, may this be the night suffering ends. Oh God, we thank you for it tonight, Lord. We thank you for it tonight, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Brother Matt, would you come in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? Oh, just close your eyes right now and raise up your hands. You say, "Brother Andrew, I'm at that that crucial hour. I'm at that crucial moment right now on this trial. I'm in a crucial moment right now." I heard the prophet of God say today, he said, "In that crucial moment is when the sixth sense rises up." He said, "It's in that crucial moment that the six sense comes in and begins to dominate every feeling and every emotion and every situation. I believe it's right here tonight in this building in the name of Jesus Christ." It's already claimed you. It's already claimed you for its fulfillment. Hallelujah. [Music] worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. We make a miracle worker in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Way maker, miracle worker, promise keep in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. Yes my Lord I worship you. I worship you. You are here. Heal in every heart. Heal in every heart. And I worship you. I worship you. I worship you, Lord. That's why we call you way maker, miracle worker, promise king, light in the darkness like us. That is who you are. You are the way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. That is who you are. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here in every heart. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] We maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light not in the darkness. That is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. For you are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. Yes, you are here mending every heart. Lord, I worship you. I worship you. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. That is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. That is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. That is who you are. Oh, I know. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Never stop. You never stop working. Never stop. Oh, you never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Never stop. You never stop working. Never stop. You never stop working. You're turning lives around. I worship you, Lord. I worship you. Yes, you are here. In every heart I worship you. I worship you. We call you way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. That is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker. You're a light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Never stop. You never stop working. Never stop. Oh, you are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here and you mean in every heart. For I worship you. I worship you. We call you way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper. You're alive in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper. You're light in the darkness. My God, that is true. Wave maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. That is who you are. [Music] Little girl was lying there. People [Music] all they just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only and he took her by the hand. She began to live again. Some begin to praise the Lord. Some begin to sing. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where time is choose to be. And now there is hope. And there's no more doubt. So I'll praise his name. Yes, I'll praise his holy name. He's in the house. I say we like that little girl. I was dead in all my sins. Jesus touched this heart of mine and he gave me life again. Thank you, Lord. I am just a house of flame. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Death has to flee. For now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. Thank you. And I'll praise your [Applause] name. I'll praise your name. He's in the house. He has to now. Now there is where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no there's no power. So I praise his name. Oh, I praise his name. He's in the house. We were like a little girl dead in all our sins. Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life [Music] again. I am just a house away. Ever since I left today, there's been a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house and death to [Music] now where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] We are like that little hidden all our sins. Till Jesus blessed his father and he gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. Ever since that glorious day, there's been a light [Music] where darkness used to be. Now there is soul there's no more. So I'll praise your holy name. Yes. Praise your holy name. [Music] Death has to [Music] flee. And now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. [Music] There's no more doubt. So I praise the name of Jesus. Praise your name. He's in the house. Little girl the people all the way. Some just laughed at Jesus when he said, "She's only sleeping." And he took her by the hand. That girl, she began to live again. And some began to praise the Lord. And some began to say, "The king's in the house. Death had to flee. And now I see life where death used to be. And he has given us hope and taken away our doubt. So I'll praise his name. I'll praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] Let the worippers. [Music] Let the sons and daughters sing. [Music] Yes, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. Oh, I surrendering my all. Thank you, Lord. I surrender to the king. Won't you just lift your hands and worship the Lord tonight? Let the worippers arise. Lord, may we take our stand. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my [Music] all. I surrender to the king. [Music] Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters [Music] sing. Oh, I surrendering my all. I'm surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Won't you hear our praises ring? This is our song. We sing to our king. and to worship her arise. If the sons and daughters sing, yes, I'm surrendering my all. Yes, my Lord. I surrender to the King. Father, I hear it growing louder. It's the song of the redeemed. As the bride of every nation, his awakening to sing from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song. I sing to my king. Let the woripper arise. Thank you, Lord. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I surrender, Lord. I give to you my all. I surrender to the king. The worshipers arise in the sing. [Music] Oh, I'm surrendering my Lord. Yes, my Lord. I surrender to the king. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. It all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. [Music] Jesus. at the feet of Jesus. [Music] Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. At the feet of Jesus. At the feet of Jesus. Bring your grief and pain. Every cause you have for shame. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. When your cares have buried you, there's nothing left for you to do. Lay it all down. Lay it all down at the feet of Jesus. [Music] at the feet of Jesus. I say, "Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. At the feet of Jesus. At the feet of Jesus. [Music] Car. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. filled with your doubts became your lay it all down. Lay it all down at the feet of Jesus. At the feet of Jesus, I say, "Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. At the feet of Jesus at the feet of [Music] Jesus days we can't erase lay it all down. Amen. can just give it to the Lord tonight. When we've come to fear, what we can't explain, there's nothing here that can ease my pain. I'll just lay it all down. I'll just lay it all down at the feet of Jesus. [Music] At the feet of Jesus. Why I say, "Why don't you just lay it all down? Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Lay it all down. At the feet of Jesus. Oh, at the feet of Jesus. Oh, I say Lay it all down. Lay it all down. Won't you all it all down? Lay it all down. Lord, I know my lay [Music] down. At the feet of Jesus. At the feet of [Music] Jesus. At the feet of Jesus. at the feet of Jesus. [Music] So much [Music] better since I bur down. Oh, I feel better. I feel so much better since I lay. [Music] my burden down. I said I feel better. So much better since I lay. I leave my burdens down. But I feel better. For much better since I laid my burden down, well, I've been singing. Glory, glory. Since I laid my burden [Music] down, I've been singing. Glory, glory. Since I lay Since I lay my burden down, will I feel better? Feel so much better since I lay my burden down. Well, I feel better. So much better since I [Applause] lay my burden [Music] down. We're singing hallelujah where my God is able. Hallelujah. Where my God is faithful. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, Lord, I'm going to sing. We're singing hallelujah where my God is able. Hallelujah. Where my God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Well, I feel better. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] So much better since I leave. How many say that tonight? I feel better when I leave than I did when I came in. Is there something about just laying down a burden? Won't you just give the Lord a big hand clap of praise tonight? Somebody turn around and tell somebody, "I feel better since I laid my burden down." Amen. Can we sing it together? And I say, "Well, I feel better." Feel so much better since I laid since I laid my burden down. I feel better. so much better since I laid my burden down. Will I feel better? So much better since I laid my burden down. But I feel better. So much better since I lay my burning down. Well, I feel better. So much better since I Well, since I laid my burden down. Well, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be Well, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be Somebody tell me about Well, there's one thing I know that deep down in my soul. As long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. Will I feel better? so much better since I laid my burden down. Well, I feel better. So much better since I laid my burden down. I feel like praising. I feel like praising. Since I laid my burden down, I feel like praising. I feel like praising him since I lay. Ain't that ain't that wonderful what it does to you? Well, I feel like shouting. Feel like shouting since I laid my burden down. I feel like shouting. I feel like shouting. Ever since I laid, Ever since I laid my burden down, it made me feel like dancing. Baby feel like dancing when I laid my burden down. Well, I felt like dancing. I felt like dancing since I laid all my burden down. I felt like shouting. I felt like shouting when I laid my burden down. I felt like shouting. I felt like shouting when I lay my burden down. Well, I know as long as I'm alive, they'll be crazy. As long as I'm alive, there'll be shouting. Well, there's one thing I know that deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm going to [Music] sing. Oh, how many feels better since you laid your burden down? How many feels better tonight? I didn't want God good to us, brother Whiskey. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Turn around and tell somebody is God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. Can we sing that before we go? Amen. May matter matter of fact let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father we thank you Lord for such a wonderful presence Lord here tonight. God we thank you Lord that you would come and speak to your children Lord and God many great needs that was met Lord. how we've been able to lay burdens down, Lord, and differences and things aside, Lord. No doubt many has shed upon this altar tonight, Lord. God, you told us upon your in your word, Lord, to cast our burdens upon you, Lord. God, and I thank you tonight, Lord, that you would carry our burden, Lord. You demanded it in your word that you were our burden bearer, God. We don't have to carry it out of this building, Lord. I pray you would set every person free in this building, Lord. Let them not carry one thing, Lord. Not no other burden, Lord. that Satan would put upon their life, Lord. But let them give it to you tonight according to thy word in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord. God, that we may leave out of here free men and women, Lord, standing upon thy word, rejoicing in the hour that we live, Lord, we thank you for all you've done for us. Thank you for that mighty word, Lord, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? Amen. Since I laid my burden down, you know that song. Amen. Go ahead and sing it then. I don't. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Brother Andrew, he said he said they woke up. What a quote. They woke up with the same anticipation they went to sleep with. I got news for y'all. Glory to God. They woke up with the same anticipation that that means some people's going to wake up with a headache. Some people might wake up looking around for all the critics. Some people's going to wake up going, "Where are all the hypocrites at? I ain't seen him around." But some of us are going to wake up saying, "Where's my Lord? I've been waiting on him. I I went to sleep anticipating the coming of the Lord. And I woke up that same way. Let me ask you a question tonight. Let me I'm just going to call you on the carpet. How are you going to wake up? How will you wake up? My You just made me want to preach. I'm going to wake up with the same anticipation I went to sleep with. Well, what kind of anticipation you got? That's what you're going to wake up with. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm going to wake up expecting the Lord to come right in the middle of the meeting. I ain't never had a church service I didn't expect to rapture out of. right in the middle of it. Amen. The Lord comes said every one of those men. Isn't it something? You know why God done that? I just can I just interject something here? You know why God done that? Because if he wouldn't have done that to those men, if they didn't, if he would have told them, you think about it, 2,000 years ago, if he would have told Paul, "Don't worry, Paul. It'll be 2,000 years from now before this coming ever happened." So tell the folks not to worry, then none of them would went to sleep with that anticipation because it wasn't going to happen for 2,000 years. But every one of them lived that very day. Every day anticipating today's going to be the last day. The Lord's coming today. And they told it to their children and generation upon generation have slept with that same belief and they passed it on. I thank God they did because that's what gave us this anticipation today. That expectation today is cuz somebody went to sleep expecting it and told their children and they went to sleep expecting it and told their children. I thank God that I got the opportunity to tell it to my children and and grandchildren that the Lord is coming. It ain't just something a history book or something or some fairy tale, but our Lord is coming back to earth again. How many believe it tonight? We're anticipating the coming of the Lord. Isn't God wonderful tonight? Well, ain't God bless you tonight as you go. Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more. Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Well, ain't God good? Give us so many blessings. That's what we
