################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-16 - 03-16-2025  The Unlimited Powerful Church of the Living God Bro Andrew Glover - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-16
Title:    03-16-2025 | The Unlimited Powerful Church of the Living God| Bro Andrew Glover
Speaker:  Andrew Glover
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2PN2L0ebg0
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] So I [Music] Thank you, Lord. Let's all stand and sing that chorus again. So I say thanks for loving me, for you have set my spirit free. Well, I'm not what I used to be. So I say thank you, Lord, for loving me. Oh, I know you kept on loving when no love was returned. Oh, and you kept on blessing me when I did not deserve. You've been the dearest friend that anyone can be. And I said, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me. And I say thanks for loving me. For you have set my spirit free. Well, I'm not one I used to be. So I say, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." Oh, my empty heart was heavy. Had no one even to care. My life was full of misery and no one else would share. My spirit was in prison and I could not find the key. Oh, then he opened up my heart. Why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hands? Oh, thanks for loving me. For you have set my spirit free, for I'm not what I used to be. Oh, I said, "Thank you, Lord." Let's sing that second verse again. Oh, my empty heart was heavy and no one seemed to care. My life was full of misery and no one else would share. My spirit was in prison and I could not find the key. But I said, "Thanks you, Lord, for loving me." So I say thanks for loving me. Oh, you have set my spirit free. For I'm not what I used to be. Oh, I say thank. I'll sing that chorus once more. Oh, I say thanks for loving me. For you have set my spirit free. Well, I'm not walking. I used to be. Oh, I said, "Thank you, Lord, for loving me." Amen. Give the Lord a hand, clap a praise this morning. Oh, aren't you thankful that he loves you? How many you can say, "You're blessed this morning." Let's sing that little chorus. I am blessed. I am blessed. Every day that we live, we have a reason to praise him. Oh, I am blessed. I am blessed. Oh, every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning and I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. Yes, I am. Oh, sing it again. Oh, I am blessed. I am blessed. Oh, every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning and I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. Oh, sing it once more for I am blessed. I am blessed. Oh, every day that I live, I am blessed. Oh, when I wake up in the morning, I lay my head to rest. I am blessed. Oh, I am blessed. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. See some people home. Brother Joe, Sister Manny, good to have you home. Brother Davis, Sister Eve, it's good to have you back on the Oregon. Certainly miss you guys when you're gone. I'm going to ask Brother Joe if you'll come up with this morning. I'm going to have a prayer request if you come pray over this service. Amen. I'm really thankful to be a Christian this morning. Amen. We have an unspoken prayer request for Sister Alyssa Gates. Just remember her in prayer. Just remember those that have been impacted by the tornado. We're certainly thankful for those that God's hands protection around each one that I know it went. Morgan said it probably went a quarter mile from his house. Brother Dawn said his house was shaken, but thank the Lord we're safe this morning and just remember those infected. Please. prayer request for brother Brian Hatfield this morning and for brother Earl Martin. I guess he's been sick so we should keep them in prayer this morning. Brothers, let's just bow hearts. Lord Jesus, thank you for this opportunity you've given us this morning, Lord, to come and worship you in spirit and true. Father, we're thankful for the message of the hour, Lord, and your word coming present in our day, Lord God. Lord, we just ask this morning, Lord, that you'll come in a special way this morning. We invite you to come, Lord. Minister to our needs, Lord. any requests this morning. Lord, we pray that you'll just minister to each and everyone, Lord, that's written and unwritten, Lord. Every every person here that has a need, Lord God, I pray that you'll meet their needs here this morning. We serve a big God, Lord, an on time, God. You're never late. You're always on time, Lord. We're thankful for that this morning. Commit this service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Let's sing that song. Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, now as I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. Oh, he leads me safely through the sinking sand. It is the Christ of Calary. Oh, and this would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. Oh, for I need thy life to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need the air out. And through this pilgrim land, oh, protect me by thy power and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. Oh, when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hands and let me travel in the light divine that I may see the blessed way. And keep me that I may be holy thine and sing redemption song someday. For I will be a soldier, brave and true, and ever firmly. Take a stand. Oh, as I onward go and daily meet the full. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Yes, Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need thee every hour and through this pilgrim land. Oh, protect me by thy power and hear my people please. Oh Lord, look down on me. Oh, when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. And when I wander through the valley toward the setting of the sun, and lead me safely to a land of restify your crown of life have won. For I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I may reach the golden strand. For there's no other friend on whom I can depend. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Yes, Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need thee every ouch. And through this pilgrim land, oh, protect me by thy power and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. For when I healing prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh, sing that chorus once more. Yes, Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need thee every hour. and through this pilgrim way. Oh, protect me by thy power and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. For when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my [Music] hand. Cuz I'm a pill from a stranger. I'm wandering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Yes. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Yes, when the saints go maring in. Oh, I know I'll see my Savior. If my life is free from sin. Oh, heaven's doors will open for me. Oh, when the saints go maring. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. And when we gather around the throne. Oh, and the gates are closed within. Oh, I'll be shouting glory, glory. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Yes. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, now I'm waiting for my the off. Oh, to swing low and I'll step on in. Oh, on the clouds I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Yes, Lord. I know I'll be in that number. Oh, let's all stand and sing that third verse. Oh, when we gather around the throne. Oh, when the gates are closed within, oh, I'll be shouting glory, glory. Yes. When the saints go mar as the brothers come. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go maring. Amen. Brother Morgan, will you go ahead and pray over the offer? [Music] Sing that song. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm laying up my treasures in my home above. I'm trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love. I'm doing what I can for that heavenly dove. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for those gates of hell. I'm keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world, trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, in each earthly trial, I his love can trace. I'm sure that up in heaven I shall find a place. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of hell. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go. And if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger. Hear me, Lord, cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those games of pearl. I'm keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting sing the course again as sister soapy comes. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of Pearl. I'm keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. [Music] Mama and daddy talked about going home since I was just a babe on their knees. They said that nothing compared to what was waiting up there. How one day we would finally be free. But I've never seen it. But I keep on believing it'll be a place like I've never known. I keep my eyes on the sky. Cuz my soul wants to fly. Oh, the moon is ready to go. I want to know how it feels to make my way down the streets of gold. I want to know how it feels to have a talk with the saints of all. I want to know what it's like to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it [Music] feels. Sometimes I get weary from this life that I live. It seems that peace is something I'll never find. I tried a lot in my low and all that I've got to show is 700 things on my mind. Now I'm seeing visions of a crystal clear river where peace gotten without a trace. More than I've ever dreamed. My eyes long to see the look of love on my Savior's [Music] face. I want to know how it feels to make my way down the street of all. I want to know how it feels to have a talk with the saints of all. I want to know what it's like to rest my feet by the river of life. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. I've heard of heaven and I know that it's real. I want to know how it feels. [Music] Hallelujah. How many you can say you're longing for that day. Amen. It's just a few more labors days to labor and then you know he talked about it on Wednesday. You know he was given that illustration of Carter or Salem. You know all it takes is one step one didn't mention it to the other. And this song came on my heart and it was just burning with me and burning all week. And thought about that story of Enoch. You know, I love Enoch cuz all it says is he walked with God. That's all he did. He just walked with God daily. Walked with him. And then one day he just took a step and he was into that next dimension. I just began to think of this song. You know, one day we're going to take a step and all our burdens will be laid aside. All our trials will be over. We're going to be over there worship him, praising him, our Lord with the saints that have gone on before and it's just longing for that day. Let's just sing this song. One day I'm going to take a step toward my theop. One day I'm going to take another step into my Theophony. One day I know that final step it's going to set me free by the offening I hear it calling me. Oh don't you worry little children should death just knock on your door. Don't you know that death is a doorway that leads to the heavenly shore? Oh, over there is no heartache, no sorrow, grief or pain, just perfect love, oh peace and joy be all prepared. One day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theophony. One day I know that final step it's going to set me free. My theophony I hear it calling me. And it's a calling. Come up a little higher into the perfect word. Come up a little higher into the agape they love. Come up a little higher. Soar through the heavenly my theophony. I hear it calling you. Well, over the next hill I look. Oh, I see victory. Around the next curve in the road. That old devil, he's got to flee. God's army is marching. We're marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next curve. I see Jesus coming for me. Oh, one day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theophony. One day I know that final step is going to set me free. By the offing I hear it all. Oh, let's sing that second verse. Well, over the next hill I look. Oh, I see victory around the next curve in the road. That old devil, he's got some flee. God's army is marching. We're marching onward to slay that old head of me around the next curve. I see Jesus coming for me. Oh, one day I'm going to take a step toward my the one day I'm going to take another step into my theopen. One day I know that final step it's going to set me free. My theophony I hear it call. Oh, what's it calling me to? It's a call to come up a little higher into the perfect word. Oh, come on a little higher into the agape love. Oh, come on a little higher. Soar through the heavenly by the I hear it. Oh, I got to sing that verse once more. Well, over the next hill I look when I see victory around the next curve in the road. That old devil, he's got the God's army is marching. We're marching on to save that old enemy around the next curve. I see Jesus coming for me. Oh, one day I'm going to take a step toward my theop. One day I'm going to take another step into my theopen. One day I know that final step it's going to set me free. By the opening I hear it all stand and sing that course once more. One day I'm [Music] going to take another step into my the one day I'm going to take the final step and it's going to set me free. My theophony I hear it calling [Music] me. How many hears that sound? Amen. We've heard from our theophony. We recognize who we are in the word of God in our hour. We've heard from our theophony. Amen. Somebody give the Lord another hand clap of praise this morning. How many say it's good to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Where the children of God dwell. Amen. Come together and the Lord is in his in their midst. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Turn around and shake somebody's hand and tell them you love him. Sure good to be in the house of the Lord. And man, what a privilege it is to know God this morning. What a privilege it is for God to know us. Amen. Amen. We sure appreciate each one of you this morning. We like to welcome have some visitors here this morning. Brother Maurice and Sister Odetta, that's uh Mariah's mom and dad. And so we'd like to welcome y'all. God bless you. They came all the way from Carolina to God bless y'all. Amen. Just y'all kind of came to Arkansas at the worst time. I think they they got here Friday night. Well, it's not always like this, but we uh certainly appreciate youall coming to visit. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. We just want to make some uh just special uh moment uh this morning. Have a baby dedication. And maybe if you'd like to invite Brother Ben and and Sister Rebecca to come. [Music] from the fields of sin. Bringing [Music] me praise the Lord. [Music] Man, isn't she [Music] precious? My goodness. This is baby Marcela Joy. Just she was born during our meetings, so they wasn't able to come to all the the meetings, but she still showed up for a service or two. So she had second day of being alive. I think she was at a at a church meeting. So this girl starting off on the right track. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and gracious heavenly father. Lord, how privileged that we are, Lord, this morning to hold this child, Lord, this newborn baby, Lord, that's so innocent in her birth and actions. And Lord, here we just realize, Lord, that no matter the innocence that we have, Lord, that we still have to come back to you. And Lord, I see the zeal on this mother and father's heart, Lord, to raise their children, Lord, the right way. And Lord, they've dedicated their life and their family. And Lord, we just ask you take this child in your hands, Lord, little Marcela Joy. And Lord, we pray that you would bless her all the days of her life, Lord. God, that the word that she would hear, Lord, would inspire something in her. And Lord, to live a testimony of the life of Jesus Christ, Lord, may she be a blessing, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for her, Lord. And we just ask you that you would protect her in this family, Lord. And God, that you would use them in a special way. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I love you, little [Music] sister. Isn't that special? Amen. Praise the Lord. We just Brother Ben and uh Sister Rebecca, they just recently started coming to the church a couple of months back. So, certainly been a privilege to be able to get to know them. You know, we actually have a a few here this morning that maybe that some of us haven't met, but brother Elum uh here on the front row. He's a he's made this his home church, moved from Pennsylvania. And so, we welcome brother Elum here this morning. Also, [Applause] Um, Brother Ed and Sister Monica back there has made this their home church and here recently and and Kaitton and um, Brother Juan and Sister Cara right there and behind you. So, um, and then just recently, they come down today, um, but just got a house here. Brother John and Sister Sarah just moved here and they're right there in the middle. And so, we told we told Sister Sarah that she had to go by Sarah John. She said, "I don't understand that." So, well, there's a lot of there's a lot behind it, but my wife is Sarah Matt. My brother's wife is Sarah Mark. So, you got to be Sarah John. And we'll never keep any of you all all understood there. So, but we uh we sure appreciate y'all coming. Only reason I do that is cuz you as the churches is growing and uh you don't want people coming in and nobody knowing them and and we we were a family. So I do that on purpose not to embarrass anybody but so you can go shake their hand and say welcome and and sure good to have you and I and I want to be your brother or your sister. So, uh, that's that's what that's what we want here. People together of like precious faith. And, you know, it's not our it's not our desire to see how big of a church we can have or how many people can come to a church, but our reality the reality is is that we just want God to be in people. And so, uh, that's that's our real zeal here. And so, we we do our best to do that very thing. You know, um, I have to embarrass her this morning. I know we're getting ready for brother Andrew is going to preach for us. How many's ready for the word of God? Amen. But Amen. But um yesterday was sister Lillian's birthday up there. And so our she's been such a blessing on the piano and working with the young people. And so it's I'm not going to play make her play her own birthday song, but we can all still give her a hand this morning and say happy birthday to her. Amen. I certainly appreciate her serving in the church and helping in that way and bringing her gift and and using it and we've all been blessed by it. So really appreciate you, Sister Lillian. God bless you this morning. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. How many is ready to hear the word of God? Amen. We're just going to get ready for brother Andrew to come. Can we sing the key of C? Well, I sought the Lord and he answered me. He delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him, all radian, they'll never be ashamed. Never be ashamed. [Applause] So magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me. Then he saved me from all my enemies. And the son of God, he surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. So magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good and blessed is he. How many say amen to that who hides in him will fear the Lord. All you saints, he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. So magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. A neverending praise. May our worship arise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our worship arise. Let us bless the Lord. How many come to bless his name this morning? We didn't come to be entertained, but we come to entertain him. Could you lift your hands and just cry out to the Lord how we love you, Lord? I come to bless the Lord every day and night. A neverending praise. Let my worship rise. Magnify the Lord with me. [Music] Exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the [Music] Lord. Oh my good. Hallelujah. Come and exalt his name. [Music] Hallelujah. The Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. How many can give him praise this morning? Amen. He is worthy to be praised. He said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto myself." Amen. this morning. He is in the He's in the house. Amen. And when he comes in, something good always happens. Amen. I believe this morning he's not in a tomb in Jerusalem. Neither do I believe he's in a grave in Jeffersonville, but I believe he's right here this morning. Amen. Alive and wellroed in the power of his resurrection. Amen. To do exceedingly abundantly above all. Amen. That we can ask or think. Ain't it good to be a Christian this morning? Amen. Such a such a wonderful atmosphere here in the house of God. And Amen. While he's moving this morning, let's just turn our attention to him for just a moment. And maybe we just bow our hearts together. Amen. I know there's many needs among us. I wonder how many this morning just say, "Lord, come by my way and speak to me." Amen. I know he sees every hand. He knows every need and every desire this morning. Let's just approach him. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here on this resurrection Sunday, Father, knowing that it's not the day of the year that we call Easter, but Lord, in our hearts, it's Easter because you are alive and well. You're living and moving and breathing in the hearts of your redeemed children. And Lord, as we come before you this morning, we have nothing in ourselves to offer. But Lord, we bow our hearts in your presence this morning knowing there is an atonement. Lord, knowing there is still a sacrifice there that can erase the sins of our life, can remove the iniquities. Oh God, Lord, you can transform us by your transforming power. Lord, as we gather here this morning, we are indeed a needy people, but Lord, we're so thankful this morning. We're not coming before a stone or a a piece of wood or an idol, but Lord, we're coming prostrate before a living God this morning. And Lord, we're asking you to come among us in a special way. Lord, you see every hand that was raised, behind that hand there is a need. Whether it be a sickness, oh God, maybe a financial need, a material need, Lord, whatever the need would be this morning, you're still the God who supplies all of our needs according to your riches and glory. And this morning, Lord, we just want to say we love you. We thank you for your word. We thank you for the blessings that you've given us in this hour. And Lord, we pray this morning you'll come in this word that you've laid upon our heart. Move me aside, oh God. Speak through me, Lord. And may you hear through the believers this morning, Lord. May every demon be defeated here today, Lord. May every spirit be bound, oh God. And may liberation take place in the hearts and lives of your children. We commit this meeting this morning in thy faithful hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." Amen. And amen. Ain't it a beautiful day to serve the Lord? Amen. Want to say God bless you all this morning. We do count it a real honor and a privilege this morning to be home and to be here to speak to you. And we thank you, brother Matt, for this opportunity, the invitation. And Amen. How many appreciates our pastor this morning? Amen. Amen. There's one thing we know, amen, the vision of God that he laid on our pastor's heart is, Amen, has been well vindicated. And Amen. This is my first time speaking to you with the new pews. And Amen. So I'm trying to place everybody. Everybody's moved around a little bit, but Amen. Uh, last time we were here was during the meetings and the building was full then and it's full this morning. So, Amen. That's a good thing. Amen. And Amen. Sure. Glad to have my in-laws here with us today from North Carolina visiting. Amen. We sure love and appreciate them for amen making the trip out. And Amen. I think when they got out of the car at the house, the tornado siren was going off. So that's how we just welcome them to Arkansas. Just turn the tornado siren on. But Amen. We're sure glad to have them here. And Amen. And brother Matt, I think we can find him a house around here somewhere, can't we? Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this morning. We sure glad to have you here. And if you have your Bibles this morning, we want to go to the book of St. Luke, the 24th chapter. St. Luke, chapter 24, their family so we can pull. Amen. St. Luke 24. And then we want to go to 1 Timothy 3. Amen. Amen. I better clarify that. Amen. Amen. St. Luke 24, we want to look in the 49th verse and then we're going to go to 1 Timothy 3. But here in St. Luke 24:49, very familiar scripture. Jesus here speaking. He says, "And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but tear ye in the city of Jerusalem." Notice this, until you be endued with power from on high. So the waiting or the tearing was until they had been endued with power. Now I want you to notice where this power is coming from. It's coming from on high. Now in 1 Timothy chapter 3, 1 Timothy chapter 3, I want to look there this morning in the 15th verse of 1 Timothy 3. Paul here writing to Timothy. He says, "But if I tar long that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God." Now, I love how Paul uh defines this, the house of God. He says, "Which is the church of the living God." So, the house of the living God or the house of God is not just a building, but it's a people. The church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth. Now watch verse 16. And without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. I love this. God was manifest in the flesh. Can I say it like this? God was manifest in the church. God was manifest in the flesh, justified in the spirit, seen of angels, preached unto the Gentiles, and believed on in the world, and received up into glory. We ask the Lord this morning to bless the reading of his word. As you can have your seats here today, uh I want to by the help of the Lord, if I would take a title this morning for just a few moments, I want to speak to you on this. I want to speak to you on the unlimited powerful church of the living God. The unlimited powerful church of the living God. I know uh this morning that we are not the only church, but I am sure honored and thankful to be a part of the many membered body of the church of the living God that's around the world. And I just have to say this this morning as a as a minister, you ministers, brother Joe, you know, when you preach, you have to preach from your heart or preach from what you believe or preach from your convictions. And if it's just okay this morning, I'm just going to say this. I believe, amen, that Grace Tabernacle is a part of the powerful church. Amen. I believe that this is more than just another church or just another gathering of people. But I believe, amen, that our eyes are beholding the miracles and the and the glories of Almighty God that's being revealed in this generation. Amen. Right here in our midst, not a 100 miles away or 500 miles away. Amen. But right here in our midst, God is revealing himself. Amen. By the promises of his word. Now, amen. Speaking of this church, a few quotations from brother Brand of 1954. He says, "I am positive of this one thing that God will have a church. It'll be without spot, without wrinkle or blemish." Again, passing spirits. He said, "I am positive, sure this morning that if men and women could only get into the position of where their soul and their thinking and their attitudes, amen, would be perfect in the sight of God." He said, "That would be one of the most powerful churches that ever existed." Amen. when their thinking, their soul and their attitudes, amen, come in align with God, amen, that will be one of the most powerful churches that ever existed. Another place here in what does it take to make a Christian life? I want you to listen to this quote. He said, "Now, if the church of the living God, which is the pillar of truth, Amen. God intended this church to be a powerful church, a glorious church, a church that the whole world could look upon as a bride of Christ. Amen. Well expected and espouseed to live in such an atmosphere and conduct itself in such a way that God would be proud of this church to be present to to present it to Christ. Amen. At the coming of the Lord, it should live in that characteristic. in the church. Amen. It should be living that way. Amen. So God intended for his church to be a powerful church. Amen. To be a glorious church and to be a church. Amen. That could not be hidden somewhere in a corner. Amen. But rather could be on display for the whole world to look upon. Amen. As a wellpected espouseed bride unto Jesus Christ. Now when you read here in Luke 24, I want to read a couple translations of that. Luke 24:49 from the Amplified Bible. He says, "Now listen carefully. I am sending the promise of my father, the Holy Spirit upon you, but you are to remain in the city of Jerusalem until you are clothed," which means you are fully equipped. Amen. "With power from on high." In the emphatic dialogue, he says, "Behold, I send forth the promise of my father upon you." Amen. But remain you in the city. Amen. until you are invested with power from on high. Amen. So, the Holy Ghost is going to come into the church. Amen. And it's going to equip the church. It's going to clothe the church and it's going to be an investment from God into his church. When you look there at that word power, it actually means dunamis, which is where we get the word dynamite from. And it means strength or power or ability. I love this. It means inherent power. It means power that's residing in a thing. Amen. By virtue of its nature of which a person or thing exerts and puts forth. Amen. So you did not earn this power. Amen. But you inherited this power. It is power for performing miracles. Amen. It is power consisting in Amen. or resting upon armies, forces, and host. Now I'll just say this. Amen. The prophet Joel spoke of this church when he said in Joel chapter 2 that there would be a great army of the Lord that would raise up in the last days. Let me say what I believe. I believe we are Amen. the great army that Joel prophesied. Amen. That would arise in this last day. He said, "God, I hope to live to see the day that I can see the church of the living God." Amen. All lined up as one great army of Christ. Amen. All covered by the blood. Amen. every sister and brother a saint. Now watch this. Marching forward. Amen. In the power of the word of God. You said Lord you would restore all the cankerworm and the locust and caterpillars eat up. He said I believe you will do it Lord and I'm holding forth that you do it. He says and I hope to see it in my age. Amen. But if not I will seow the seed of your word. Amen. So a prophet was sewing amen. the seed of the word. Amen. That would produce a powerful church in the last days. Listen, I'll say this. God has not sent the Holy Ghost. Amen. Just to be a bystander or just to be a figment of our imagination. Amen. But God sent the Holy Ghost. Amen. To fulfill the promise of the father. He said, "You shall receive power." Amen. After that the Holy Ghost, amen, has come upon you. Let me let me make a bold declaration this morning. This is a powerful church, folks. Amen. But it's not because of our bank accounts. It's not because of what job we hold. It's not because of what family we come out of. It's because God, amen, kept his word, amen, by sending the Holy Ghost as the dynamics of God, amen, to put a power in you, amen, to overcome every devil. Amen. I'll say this. If we know what the Holy Ghost is, Amen. then we know what the Holy Ghost is not. And I want to make it very plain this morning. Amen. The Holy Ghost is the spirit of Jesus Christ in you. Amen. By the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Holy Ghost is the power of God. Amen. That is sent into your heart as a witness of the spirit. You have been born again. Your life is cleaned up. The world is dead. All the stink of it is like the garlic in Egypt. See, you are far away from it. You are a new creature in Christ Jesus. The old things have passed away. You become new altogether. You are a new creation. Amen. Born of the spirit. Your whole members of your body is submissive to his spirit. And you're moving in the Holy Ghost. Amen. How many is born again this morning? You're a new creature in Christ Jesus. Then you are moving in the Holy Ghost. You are not listening to the sound of the world. Amen. Your eyes are on heavenly things. Let me say this morning, church, I think it's time, amen, to turn our attention, Amen, from the earthly things unto the heavenly things. Listen, if you're going to get out of the situation, if you're going to get out of the problem, Amen, you got to change what you're looking at. You got to look away from the sin and you got to look to the fact there's a savior. If you're sick this morning, you got to look away from the sickness and you got to look at the fact that there's a healer and his name is Jehovah Rafa and he's the God that can heal every disease. He's the God that can rid every sickness. Listen, you got to change what you're looking at. Let me just let me just drop in and say something to you. Amen. You got to keep looking at your sacrifice. Yes, sir. You got to quit looking at yourself and you got to look at your sacrifice. You say, "Brother Andrew, what are you saying?" And brother Ram said, "There's where we lose our position if we watch. If we try to look back to what we was." Amen. Listen. And as long as we look back to what we was, listen, the sacrifice means nothing to us. As long as we're looking back to what we were, Amen. The sacrifice means nothing to us. Oh, can't you see it, church? Amen. I would not try the job. I can't and neither can you. There's no need of trying. Amen. You are lost to begin with. As long as you look to what you've done. Amen. But don't look to what you've done. Amen. Look to what Calvary did for you. Listen, I know I was a sinner. I know I was born in sin. I know I was shaping in iniquity. But I know 2,000 years ago upon Mount Calvary. Amen. Hung the lamb of God who was the propitiation for our sin. Listen, you say, "Why?" Amen. Can you come to church and shout when you know you made mistakes? when you know you failed God because I'm a part of the church of the firstborn. I've got a sacrifice. I've got a God who said, "I'll forgive all your sins and I will remember your iniquities no more." Listen, if anybody ought to be raising the roof in Black Rockck, Arkansas this morning, it ought to be the church of the living God with every sin the devil's going to get it. I know I'm crazy, but I feel like preaching this morning. We are the bloodb, Holy Ghost sealed, firebaptized church. We ain't going back. We ain't going down. We're going up because grace has cleared a way between this dimension and the other dimension for us to change our bodies. Yes, sir. I ain't looking back to what I was. And I ain't looking back to what you were. I'm looking to what you are by the blood. Hallelujah. Somebody shout the blood. The blood. A Holy Ghost and power. Amen. It's not power from the bishop. It's not power from the church. The Holy Ghost is not a handshake. The Holy Ghost is not a letter. It's the gift of God with power from on high. Amen. To demonstrate the literal life of Jesus Christ to the people. The Holy Spirit is an experience of being filled and endued with power for service. I love this. The Holy Ghost is an experience. What kind of experience is it? It's a true experience. Prophet of God said the true word comes to the true prophet and he tells you the true word and you follow that true word and you get a true experience of the word. See, because the word is made flesh in you and you become God's son and the word of God is revolving right out of God into you because you are his nature. Amen. his spirit is in you and you'll do the works of God. Hallelujah. He said, "So then we find that if a man is born again, Amen. that brings God under obligation, amen, to give every born again believer the baptism of the Holy Ghost." He said, "Listen, he's more willing to give it to you, Amen, than you are to receive it." Amen. For God is under obligation to keep his word. Now, somebody say, "Well, amen. I don't know if the Holy Ghost is for me." Amen. Well, let me just say this. Every born again believer is entitled to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Listen, it's the only thing that can give you the strength, amen, to live above sin. It's the only thing that can give you the strength, amen, to live above mistakes and, amen, to live above failures. Listen, I think it's time to preach the Holy Ghost so powerful, Amen, that every devil backs up into hell he came out of. I think it's time to preach the Holy Ghost as the absolute to the life of every believer. Listen, the Holy Ghost is more than a feeling. It's more than a goosebump. It's more than a sensation. It's more than emotion. It's the power of God. Amen. To save a man and put him back in his position that God gave him from before the foundation of the world. You say, "What does the Holy Ghost come after?" I'll tell you what it comes after. It comes after a repentance. In Acts chapter 2 and Acts chapter 3, you will find, amen, that a repentance, amen, precedes the power. Brother said, "A man cannot lay in the presence of God and a church cannot stay in the presence of God under repentance unless the Holy Spirit comes down and gives uncction and power." Amen. To start a move of God in there among those people. You all know that Satan hates, Amen, the preaching of repentance. He absolutely hates the preaching of repentance. The Bible said that there were actually two men, amen, that that the that the devil, Amen, actually sought after, amen, to kill. And you know who it was? It was Apostle Paul and it was John the Baptist. Do you know why the devil was seeking to kill them? Because they were preaching the power of repentance. They were saying, "Listen, folks. I know you made mistakes. I know you're Gentiles. I know you're sinners. Amen. But there's a possibility, amen, after repentance. Amen. That God can use you for his service. Listen folks, I think it's time to remember that God is an unlimited God. He's a God of second chances. He's a God of third chances. He's a God of third chances. And I say it as plain as I know how. He's the God of unlimited chances. He'll help you. He'll sustain you because he wants to see you through it. There's a reason Satan wants to stop a repentance. Rebraham said, "Because when you thoroughly repent and you believe on the Lord and are baptized in the name of Jesus Christ," he said, "you make God a liar if you don't receive the Holy Ghost." Now, come on, church. That's pretty heavy. You make God a liar if you don't receive the Holy Ghost. Let me tell you what my Bible says. My Bible says God is not a man and neither is he the son of man that he should repent. Amen. Listen, he has said, "How shall he not do it? He has spoken, shall he not make it good?" Listen, the power of God, Amen, belongs to God. And the Bible shows us that in Psalm 62:11, David says, "God has spoken once and twice have I heard this, that power belongth unto God." In 1 Chronicles 29:12, both riches and honor come of thee, and thou reignest over all, and in thine hand is power and might, and in thy hand is to make great and to give strength unto all. 2 Chronicles 25:8, break it in, for God hath power to help and to cast down. I love Job 26:12. It says, "He divideth the sea with his power, and by his understanding he smiteth through the proud." In Psalm 65:6, David, speaking again, of nature, he says, "Which by his strength," Amen. He setth fast the mountains. Amen. Now watch this, "Being guarded with power." How many's ever been out and seen the mountains? Amen. Do you realize there's not an 18 penny nail holding those mountains? Amen. There's not a bunch of rebar holding those mountains. Those mountains are held. Amen. They are girded by the power of God. Look at this word girded. It means to equip or to clothe. Oh God, didn't Jesus say when the promise of my father comes upon you, Amen. I will equip you and I will clothe you with the power of God. Then that tells me this morning that the same power that's holding the mountains in place is holding every believer in this building by the power of the Holy Ghost. Listen, God don't divide the sea by education. He divideth the sea by his power. I love what the prophet says. He says it's the father who takes care of it. Who's got any more power than God? So what kind of power have you got over you to take care of you? the whole powers that created the universe in church age book. Pick up your pen and write. He said the members of the virgin bride will love him and they will have his potentials. Listen, for he is their head and all power belongs to him. They are subject to him as the members of our bodies, amen, are subject to our heads. So the power of God, amen, is not coming to be made a show. Amen. But the power of God is coming to be displayed. And God's power is displayed in his characteristic. What is the characteristic of God? It's Malachi 3:6. I am the Lord and I change not. It's Hebrews 13:8 that Jesus Christ is the same. Amen. Yesterday, today, and forever. In Hebrews chapter 1:3, Paul says, "Who being in the brightness of his glory, the expressed image of his person, and upholding all things, somebody say all things by the word of his power." Let me say this to you. It does not say, "Amen, by the power of his word, but it says by the word of his power." When he had by himself purged our sin, he sat down at the right hand of the majesty where on high. Amen. Behold, I send the promise of my father. You shall receive power from on high. Listen folks, the brightness of whose glory? God's glory. The expressed image of whose presence? God's. He said, see the word, oh saints, the word that upholds all things. Jesus said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word, Amen, shall never pass away." Amen. Science tries to tear it down and say, "This book is an old book. It's been translated so many times you cannot believe it. He said, "But he upholds all things." Amen. By his word. Can I tell you what the lifeline of this church is? It's the word. Can I tell you what the lifeline of your home is? It's the word. Can I tell you what the lifeline of your marriage is? It's the word. Can I tell you what the future of your children is? It's the word, church. A prophet didn't miss it. He said we have became a word bride and the word alone. See he upholds all things by his word. He said that's when I think about it. I believe the Bible. Amen. The word of his power. He said so there's power in the word. You say why is this a powerful church? Because the word is in this church. Now come on church. A lot of things will pass away but this word will never pass away. Yes sir. Come on. A lot of ideas will pass away, but this word will never pass away. You say, "Brother Andrew, then how can you identify me as a member of this unlimited powerful church?" Well, I'll say this. God don't call the equipped, but he sure equipped the called. Come on. We've had a lot of guys started out, amen, that was equipped and somewhere along the way they messed up. Amen. I'll take somebody heard Reverend say this morning. He said, "I'd rather have somebody preaching to my kids that didn't know their ABCs." Amen. And didn't know one thing from another. Amen. Than somebody with more degrees. And Amen. I can't remember how he said it, but I'll just say this. Amen. Thank God this morning that we're not a bunch of equipped people. Amen. Trying to be called, but we're some called people and the Holy Ghost is here to equip us. Come on. I believe it. I believe the Holy Ghost is here. Amen. to equip fathers to be fathers. I believe the Holy Ghost is here to equip mothers to be mothers. I believe the Holy Ghost is here. Amen. To equip preachers to be preachers and to equip singers to be singers. Listen, you shall receive your equipment from on high. You stay there till God equips you. Listen, you say, "When I get the Holy Ghost, what do I get?" He said, "Everything you have need of." Amen. For the earthly journey is in you when you receive the Holy Ghost. Listen. Amen. Can I say this? Even the rapture, the rapture is in you by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The God that wrote the word, Amen, sent a prophet in this hour, amen, which is a divine revealer of the word and he invested him with power from on high. I love this in the breach 1963. Right before, Amen. this actually sermons on tomorrow. Amen. Right before brother Ram preaches the first seal, he preaches the breach. And he says this. He said, "Now, tomorrow night by the grace of God, we're going to try to break that first seal if God will break it for us and let us see what this revelation has been." See, it's been hid from the foundation of the world. He said, "Now before we do that, sinner friend or lukewarm church member, do you just have a membership in a church or do you not have a membership? If you only have a membership, you'd be pretty near as well off without it. You need a birth. You must come to the blood. You must come to something that just spots the sin away. Amen. Till there's no more remembrance of it. If you haven't made preparation yet to meet the lamb in the air. Now listen what he says. Amen. And by the power invested me. Brother Travis, that just pulls my heart out. by the power invested me. Amen. By my commission given by Almighty God, ministered to me by an angel, a pillar of light. He said, I charge you in the name of Jesus Christ. Don't you try to meet him with only the membership of a lodge or a church of this earth. Come while the mediator, as far as I know, is still on the throne. Make an intercession because there will come a day when you'll want to come, but there'll be no mediator. For if we see the hour we're living in the seven church age and the mysteries of God become what they have been with the vindicated spirit of God showing everything that he promised in the last days. How much time is left? Amen. Sinner friend, come now. Come on, church. Amen. Here's a prophet who was born into a moonshine maker's home. He was born into an unreligious family. He was born into a family that didn't go to church. Brother Xavier, they didn't know anything about God outside of what the Catholics had taught. Amen. But the pillar of fire come to his birth and the pillar of fire met him as a child. And the pillar of fire visit him in a cave. Listen, he was not equipped, but he was called. And because he was called, can I say this? God equipped him to marry you to Jesus Christ. Glory to God. He took somebody that was born just like you and me, but he filled him with a Holy Ghost and fire and give him the legal authority to marry the earthly bride to the heavenly bridegroom. Well, that ought to make you put on your shouting shoes in the house of God. How many's ever been to a wedding? Yes, sir. How many's ever been in a wedding? You're on. You've been in a wedding. Amen. Can I say this? How many remember standing there? Amen. The wife and the husband look at each other and you hear the preacher say these words, "By the power invested in me." By the state of Arkansas, I now pronounce you husband and wife. What he's doing is he's referring, amen, to the legal authority that has come upon his call. Amen. By power, Amen. to make two one. Oh God, by the power, brother Noah, to make Twain one. Don't you see what this message is? It's the marriage of the lamb. Hallelujah. Every service you sit in, listen, some of y'all might have not realized it when you started listening to them takes. Those were more than just sermons. Amen. To get you through the week. They were more than just good ideas to hear. But a prophet was preaching your marriage. He was marrying you to Christ the word. Hallelujah. I'll say it as plain as I know how. That's why hell can't stop us. That's why sin can't defeat us. That's why demons can't scare us. We're not married to the church. We're not married to a preacher, but the power of God has married us to the word. And we are one with the word. We'll never pass away. Come hell or high water, we'll still be standing because this word is the word of his power. Now, bring me to the next point. Then there's only two powers. All right? There's only two kingdoms in the universe. Re said there's God's power and there's Satan's power. He said every war, every disorder, everything that comes along is either controlled by God's power or Satan's power. See, the power of God is the power of life. And the power of Satan is the power of death. I love a prophet when he humiliates the devil. He says, "And Satan, his power he's got is the perverted power of God." Brother Joe, it isn't no real power. It's a perversion of God's power. Everything Satan has is only a perversion of the original. He said, "So, we are sitting here today and one or the other powers, brother Jared, is going to control us. We will either be controlled by the power of God or by the power of the devil. I love this. Amen. Because God made a promise. Amen. Now, now let me ask you this. What was the original power? It was God. It was not the devil. The only power the devil has is the perverted power that he's taken away from God and perverted into something that God never intended for it to be. But God promised in the evening time that he would restore the original power. Let me ask you this. How is he going to restore the original power? But God said, "I will restore, sayaeth the Lord, all the years." Now, I love this. He says, "I will send back another church. I will send back, brother Kyle, another church in the last days. I will restore that original power again in the evening time. It shall be light. So God promised to restore the power. Amen. By the birth of the word in the church of the living God. Listen folks, that's why the devil hates this message is because it's not something that he can tinker with. It's not something that he can just pull past. It's the word of God. It's the word made power in the hour that we're living in. I'll say this. We've got a real power. Original power is real power. He said there's so much mockery in every phase of religion. I love this. But there's a real power, brother Joel. There's a real power of the Holy Spirit that delivers the human being from the bondage of sin. I feel like stopping there and having a two second testimony meeting. Is there anybody could wave your hand and say, "I have been delivered." Amen. from the bondage and the defilement of sin. I have been delivered from the habits. I have been delivered from the addictions. Listen, somebody say, "Well, amen. I'm still battling." Well, keep on fighting, but keep your eyes on your sacrifice because as long as you look at your sacrifice, you're not fighting the battle. Your sacrifice is fighting the battle for you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I sat in my office this morning and I just looked over a little sign on my desk and it struck my heart. This battle don't belong to you. This battle belongs to God. You say, "I'm tired of fighting drugs. I'm tired of fighting alcohol. I'm tired of fighting this addiction." Can I tell you this? Quit fighting it and give it to God and let him fight it one time. He won't just fight it. He'll whip it. He won't just fight it. He will conquer that devil. And he will put you in a position over that devil. There is a real power of the Holy Spirit that delivers the sufferer from suffering. I love this. I'm so sick and tired of human philosophy. I am too, brother Brandon. I want to see the real power of God. I want to see it demonstrate and move among his people where that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Proving himself. That's what the world is hungering for. So, let me say this. The world is not hungering for fanaticism. They've seen enough, church. They are hungering for the real power of God, which is, listen, the resurrected Christ in the Pentecostal blessing. You say, "What? How many's ever heard the Pentecostal blessing?" You know what it is? It's the real power of God. I love this. It's the confirmation of the resurrection. In other words, when you see the power of God, you are seeing a confirmation that God is alive. Now, I'll say this. The world we're living in, it has the wrong understanding of what power is. The prophet God said, "How could Satan say that man could be God? A man that could take the challenge of a priest, let a drunken soldier spit in his face." He said, "But today, we got the wrong conception of power." He said, "Power is overcoming." He said power is returning good for evil. That's real power. He said that can love your enemy and do good to those that do evil to you. That's real power. That's God's power. Amen. So the real power of God, Amen, is manifested in both the mechanics, amen, and the dynamics. The real power of God is manifested in more than just our feet when we dance. It's more than just our hands when we clap or our voice when we sing or preach or our tongues when we speak in tongues or our mind when we put things together spiritually. No, the power of God is to be manifested in our character. Yes, sir. Now, what a prophet said, he said, "But see power of Satan though is limited." Here's what I bring it to. But the power of God is unlimited. So if a believer has a bitterness against somebody else and they say, "I can't forgive that person, you're actually telling me you're under the power of Satan." All right. Well, we might as well preach we're here. Amen. If somebody done you wrong and you can't let it go, that tells me you're under the power of Satan. You say, "How can you say that?" Because you're limited. You're limited by that unforgiveness. You are limited by that bitterness. You are limited by that indifference. Listen, folks, there are so many things limited. Oh God, can I preach? Amen. Somebody come in church and Amen. Let a woman come up on the platform, high heel shoes, split dress, low cut blouse, makeup on her face, and cut hair, we'd say, "That woman can't sing in the house of God. That outfit's limiting God." And it's right. Amen. But what about people sitting on pews that when the service reaches a certain spot and the power of God wants to take it higher, but that little ill feeling or that little indifference or that little bitterness, amen, is dampering the power of God. I say let the Holy Ghost blow the channels out this morning. I say folks, it's time, Grace Tabernacle, to just stop climbing up the ladder so far and say this is as high as we can go. This is as far as we can go. That devil is a liar. The sky is our limit. The uncarchable riches of Jesus Christ belongs to those who are the heirs of salvation. There is no limit to this church. You say, do you believe that with all my heart? There is no limit to this church. That devil didn't like that. There is no limit to this church. Brother Andrew, you're on the internet. I don't care. There's no limit to this church. There's no limit to this people. There's no limit to these young people. Amen. The power of God is unlimited. God is unlimited. God's knowledge, God's power, everything. He is the omnipotent. Look at this word limited. It means restricted in size. It means the amount or extent. It is few. It is small. It is short. It is of a person not great in ability or talents. Now, we all been there where we look at oursel and say, "If I could only do that like so and so, and if I could only do that like this one, and if I could only sing like her, and if I could only come on, y'all know what I'm talking about. Any any humans here? if I could only be like him and if I could I I've had people tell me and then brother told me one time he said I wish I could just be like you and just let everything roll off my back and just preach. I said, ' Buddy, you don't have a clue how many times I've carried burdens to my on my back to the pull pit preached. Anyhow, listen, what I'm saying is, Amen. The devil wants to limit our thinking. He wants to limit us by telling us we don't have the ability and we don't have the talent and and we Amen. But, but I'll just say this. Have you forgot where this church come from? Have you forgot the corner that this church started in? Have Listen, just the other day had a powerful meeting in this meeting in this church. You say, "Brother Andrew, that's just a bunch of preachers." And no, it's not. Amen. That six years of people working together and ministers preaching and a pastor pastoring and people forgiving and letting things go. Listen, that don't just happen overnight, folks. A meeting like we just had don't happen because a couple preachers come to town. It happens because somebody has really realized that God is unlimited and they're unlimited. Hallelujah. This is an unlimited church. Hey, put your preaching voice on right now and shout it unlimited. We're an unlimited church. It's an unlimited people. It's an unlimited revival. It's an unlimited message. You say unlimited. You know what unlimited means? It means not limited or restricted in terms of number, quantity or extent. Brother Matt, this is you. Have I ever read you having an infinite number of solutions? Praise God for our pastor. Having an infinite number of solutions. Well, we might as well free preach, folks. There's people sitting right here. People done give up on you a long time ago. People done give up on your families and give up on your future. But God who is rich in mercy raised up a faithful shepherd that said, "I believe there's a God who's able to save a drunk. He's able to save a drug addict. He's able to save a prostit." You say, "That's Matt Morris." That's not Matt Morris. That's the unlimited God in Matt Morris. An infinite number of solutions. Got a lot of people coming for a meet. What in the world we going to do? We'll just knock a hole in the wall. It's an infinite number of solutions. See, that's why I don't fit in with a lot of people. I don't think small. Sister Cindy, I don't sit around and think about who done who wrong and what preacher preached this and 20 years ago so and so taugh. I don't think like that because I refuse to allow God, amen, to be limited in my life. I refuse to let the Holy Ghost have restrictions in a meeting. Listen, there's been times I've set meetings, brother Juan, and I felt lower than a snake's belly, but God, who is rich in mercy, Brother Jared, come by my way and pick me up off the ground because I refuse to allow my circumstances to unlimit limited. Unlimited God in the atmosphere of change. Everybody shout unlimited. Unlimited. Now, do you realize your doctor's limited? He only has a finite number of solutions. But do you realize that God is unlimited? Because when this treatment's failed and this scan is failed and this is failed and that's failed, he comes on the scene and performs a miracle. Now, either we believe the message or we don't. And I'm just going to say what brother Ram said. He said, "If you can limit God, then you can limit Christ." Can I read the rest of it? And if you limit the church today in its possibilities, you're limiting God. Oh, mercy, brother Bobby. When you limit the church, you're limiting God. But all things, whatsoever you desire when you pray, believe you receive it and you shall have it. He said that I believe it and I know it's the truth. So here a prophet is saying this is the same prophet brother Don that said all that was in God he poured into Christ and all that was in Christ he poured into the church. So if you can't limit God you can't limit Christ. Come on brother. If God is in Christ you can't limit him. Then if Christ is in this church you can't limit this church. You think of the wildest thing that could happen and God will surpass it a million miles. You think of the most bizarre thing that could take place and God will go a million miles beyond our imagination because he's the unlimited God. Brother said like this he said we're Gentiles, right? How many knows we are living in the time of the Gentiles? According to Luke 21:24, they shall fall by the edge of the sword. They shall be led away captive into all nations, and Jerusalem shall be trotten down of the Gentiles until until the time of the Gentiles be fulfilled. Brother, it's shocking, isn't it, to know that we have a limited time. God said so. Oh, brother Wesley. The Gentiles have a limited time. But can I say this very plainly? The Gentiles limited time does not restrict an unlimited God. There is an allotted time for the Gentiles. And there will be a day this gospel will be turned back to the Jews. Right? But listen, sometimes we limit God. Come on. And we put God on a time limit. We say, "Well, God, you got this amount of time to do this certain thing, and if it ain't done by this, everything gonna fall apart." Am I just preaching to myself this morning? Amen. We limit God. Rebraham said like this. He said, "You try to limit God to your theology." Well, glory to God. Amen. That's why there's no room in the message churches for Pentecostal theology. Can I preach, pastor? Amen. There's a lot of folks what they do is they say a person can't have a deathbed repentance. Well, go tell the thief on the cross that. Come on, church. A lot of people put people out because of suicide. But you got to take what a prophet said. He said, "That's why I believe in eternal security." That when a man is in his right mind, he give his heart to God. Cuz you don't know what kind of condition you're going to be in when your life is taken. Can I just preach? Somebody say, "Well, amen. Somebody took their life. They're bound for hell." Listen, God is the judge. Come on. You take an 85year-old woman served God her whole life and she's laying on her deathbed dying of Alzheimer's and dementia and she starts taking God's name in vain and her final breast is cursing God. Are you going to put her in hell? No, sir. No. Then let your theology away and believe the word of God that he is a savior and he is a just God and he is a sovereign God. I don't care what condition they're in when they die. Our God still has the final say, somebody. Amen. One of the first funerals I ever preached, Amen. as a 15year-old boy, 14, 15 year old boy. Amen. Was my cousin Holly's funeral. Amen. God rest her soul. Amen. Rough life. All kinds of things. Amen. Died of a horrible death. Somebody told me, they said, "Well, I guess you're just going to have to put her in hell, aren't you?" I said, "No, I'm going to preach a God who is a just God and all things." Now, I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to go ahead and punch that devil's square in the face since I'm this close to it. That's why the world is tired of religion. They're tired of philosophy. They're tired of a bunch of bitter preachers that ain't found no forgiveness in 30 years. And because they're bitter, they want everybody around them to be bitter. Well, let me say this. I refuse to become a bittered, crabbing old person. I want to be a Holy Ghost filled, firebaptized, unlimited believer in the powerful church of God. Brother man, if I'm wrong, let me be wrong for believing God is able to save anybody. If I'm wrong, brother Mark, let me be wrong for believing God is able to deliver anybody. You try to limit God to your way of thinking. That's right. Well, this is the way I think. Well, I don't care how you think. You say, "That's awful rude." No, it's not. Cuz I don't care how I think. So, if I don't care how I think, I sure don't care how you think. Well, glory to God. It's Sunday morning and I feel good. Are you hearing me? Take the limits off of the way we think. Rebraham said this. They always look back, but it's time to look forward. He said the church is always looking back. Let's look up for their powers are unlimited. We have unlimited power. Somebody say unlimited God. God with unlimited power. Unlimited power revealed by an unlimited message. Are you ready for this? produces unlimited revival. An unlimited God revealed an unlimited power by an unlimited message and has produced an unlimited revival. You say, "Brother Andrew, why is there such an atmosphere here this morning and it's not a meeting?" Because it is a meeting. Glory. Somebody say, "Well, Amen. I don't think we ought to have so much preaching on Wednesday. Well, I'm sorry. I'm not a preacher that that categorizes my services. Well, this is just for a Wednesday night and I'm just going to go in there and see if we can get by. I'm sorry. I'm an unlimited preacher. I'm an unlimited believer. I don't limit God to a Wednesday. I don't limit him to a Sunday. I don't limit him to a meeting. I take the limits off of him. I take the restrictions off of him. I just want to see him move. Yes, sir. Unlimited revival. How many knows, brother? A plane when it travels, it goes to a certain speed, right, brother Ed? He said, "But then it hits that sound barrier." He said, "Now watch." He said, "When it gets against that sound barrier, it goes to shaking." And he said, "You're literally sitting there and you're thinking." I love a prophet's message. You're thinking, Brother Tom, it's all getting ready to fall apart. Anybody ever been there? Two of you, three of you, five of you, four of you, eight nothing. You ever been there? Brother Wesley, it's all getting ready to fall apart. Come on. Now you're not in a jet airplane and you're not soaring this up against the sound bear, but you're going through Leosa and you're fighting this battle and this mine battle and this oppression and this issue and these bills are piloting and all these things are happening and you're just riding along and everything's shaking which means it's fixing to fall apart. Rebraham said no. He said you're getting ready to have a breakthrough. He said what's happening is you're bumping against the sound barrier. Glory to God. You're bumping against the sound barrier. He said, "And the devil knows if he can get you afraid on this side of the sound barrier, your speed will be limited." Now, brother man, you ever get in an airplane and you take off, they get on that runway, they just kind of coast out there. They just kind of coast along about the speed you'd roll to the airport in. just kind of ride along, you know, and then they get out there and they get on that that tarmac and they start pulling that propeller and buddy hold on cuz 50 turns into 100 and 100 turns into 130 and 130 turns in 140 and then all of a sudden, amen, they lift up off the ground and you start climbing and y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Things start changing. Pressure start changing. Ears start popping. Seats start shaking. You know why? Because they're breaking gravity. They're breaking gravity and they're in that plane and they're just and all of a sudden they start dinging the lights and put your seat belt on. Here's some turbulence. Amen. Now you climb to 200. Now you climb to 300. Amen. Now listen folks. I have never in my life got up and went out to the cockpit and said, "Mr. Pilot, slow this thing down. Bring it back down to about 55 or 60. If I wanted to go 55 or 60, I should have never left the Baptist church. I'm feeling good. If I wanted to go 100 miles an hour, I should have never left the Pentecostal church. But I knew there was an unlimited speed. I knew there was a place I could go where I could break the cell barrier. Oh, church, if you want to live in the dumps, you should have never left the bar. If you want to live depressed, you should have never thrown the joint away. But you were not born to smoke dope. You were not born to smoke drugs. You were born to soar into the heavenlies. I say it's time, amen, to break out of this sound barrier, out of this chatter chatter, and go into an unlimited speed with an unlimited revival. Yes, sir. There's a place we can go where there's no restrictions. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Slow down. Slow down. These services are getting too high. I say let's just go higher. [Applause] Brother Andrew, there's too many new people coming in the message. I say bring 10 more. I say bring 30 more. I say bring a hundred more. Brother Andrew, the church is almost full. I say bring another 50. We'll knock another wall out. This is bride revival time. This is unlimited church time. It's time to take the limits off of God and quit settling down. Until you break through and the Holy Ghost comes upon you. You say, "Brother Andrew, why do I need the Holy Ghost to come upon me and break through?" Because the prophet of God said when the Holy Ghost gets upon you and you break through, he said you need about 50 miles of elbow room. [Applause] I'm the guy, Xavier. I've got to know what elbow room means. So I went and looked it up. It means adequate space to operate, move, and work in. I said, "Well, glory to God. That's why we need some elbow room is because if anybody needs to move, it's the bride. Because he said, "Thus sayaith the Lord, the move is on for the bride." That's why I said we need some elbow room. If anybody needs some room to work in is the bride of Jesus Christ because she is the fulfillment of John 14:12. Greater works than this shall ye do. Somebody say, "Give me some room." Give me some room. No, I'm really really meaning it. Give me some room. Sometimes I feel Glory to God. I need some room. He said if there's no limit to the speed the plane will go. Are you ready for this? There's no limit. Am I reading this right? To the blessings that God will pour down upon a believer that will believe. Glory. If there's no limit to the plane, there's no limit to a believer. Are you ready for this direct quote? How many knows the plane has a sound barrier? Yes, sir. Can I tell you something? You have your own sound barrier. The other day I was flying home from Arizona and I got into Atlanta. We got on the plane or actually from Tucson somewhere. I've been on so many in the past few weeks. Somewhere we were going somewhere. And we get on the plane. We're all sitting there and Kyle, the door's still open. I'm looking at the watch. It's taking forever. And all of a sudden, they get this woman and they got her by the hands. And I'm not lying, folks. She got a blindfold on. And she's walking down the plane and she's shaking and she's crying, screaming. I felt so sorry for her. They said and honestly they brought over brother Joel and they sit her down in the chair and they helped her buckle her seat belt and they said and they stepped back and she goes, "Don't leave me." And they said, "It's okay. We got to get off." She said, "I can't take no more reports. I can't take no more issues." Come to find out, the night before she got on the plane, she had been reading all these websites about people who left the message. I mean, she'd been reading all these websites about all these plane crashes and all these planes catching on fire. Come on, folks. When you're over in Poland and you got a 7-hour flight to come home and before you get on the plane, they flip a plane in Toronto, you better be praying. Amen. It was her own sound barrier. So, not only now did the plane have to break a sound barrier, but she had to break a sound barrier. She sat down on that plane and she shook. Somebody got up and come back here said, "Ma'am, do you want some water?" No. No. Amen. And I felt so sorry for her because she was under a barrier. Are y'all hearing me? But the problem was not everybody else in the plane was. Now, come on, church. You know where I'm going. Do you realize there can be individual barriers in an entire church? There can be people sitting there when the whole church has got unlimited revival. They got unlimited speed. They got unlimited blessings. and you're sitting there scared to death and you're shaken. It's not because you watched a plane flip. It's not because you read about a crash. It's because somebody told a lie on you or somebody done something to you or somebody offended your babies or somebody didn't show up at an event or somebody didn't call you or glory to God or somebody sold something wrong. But can I say this to you? It's time to let it go. It's time to let it go. It's time to unblock. It's time to take the restrictions off. It's time to remember who we are. It's time to remember where we come from. And it's definitely time to remember where we're going. I can't I can't I can't I can't I tell you you can, [Applause] brother. Andrew, I can't I can't overcome. I tell you you can. Yes, I'm going to punch that devil square in the face and you can sit there and watch me. Brother Andrew, I just can't overcome this. It's had me so long. I'm here to tell you you can. I'm here to tell you there is a place you can go in God where fear can't torment you no more. I'm here to tell you there's a place you can go in God where mind battles and issues of the past can't control you no longer. I'm here to tell you you can. You can, [Applause] brother Andrew. I can't. I can't go on the rapture. I'm here to tell you you can. Brother Andrew, I can't. I can't. I can't. You can. Oh, I feel that devil pushing at me. Well, push back, devil. You can. Can I go ahead and say it, brother John? You already are. You're not going to be You're already the sons of God. You're not going to be overcomers. You're already overcomers. You're not going to be the bride of Jesus Christ. You are already the bride of Jesus Christ. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. What are you saying, preacher? I'm saying what a prophet said. He said that Jesus in his church today would be just as powerless as your faith is. Are you ready for this? But he'll be just as powerful as your faith is. Can I can I just can I just make a declaration? I say this upon the authority of God's word. There is no limit to the faith of God that he left for his church because he said all things are possible to them that believe. Can I say it to you this morning? It's time to change what you're looking at. It's time to change what you're feeding on. Come on. It's time to change what you're eating. Come on, folks. It's time to change. Brother said this. He said, "We're always complaining about what the world and how wicked the world is, but do you forget to realize how much more powerful the church is than it used to be?" Oh, God. Have you forgotten how more powerful the church is than it used to be? Can I give you another one? He said, "You always talk about how bad the world is, how wicked the world is." And that's true. But look how great the church is getting all the time. We fail to look at that side. See, when the world's getting wicer and wicider and wicider, the church is getting more powerful and powerful all the time. When the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God will raise up a standard against it. Hallelujah. Can I read another one? Let them grow together. You're always pointing how wicked the world's getting, but you fail to see how powerful the churches are getting at the same time. Oh, here it is. She is rising up. She is standing on the field. Oh, she's a little flock, but brother God is with her and she's going to triumph just as certain as Christ rose from the dead. Hallelujah. I know this is simple, but I want to say it with everything within me. God's church shall never fail. God's church shall never fail. Amen, brother Andrew. God's church shall never fail. Now, put your name there. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Put your name there. I will never fail. You say, "How can you say that? The gates of hell shall not prevail against it." It's so they would be against it, but they cannot prevail. The church is going to triumph through the blood of Jesus Christ right into the victory march. What are you saying? I'm saying God promised this would be a powerless church age, but it would not be a powerless church. It would not be a powerless bride age. Can I close with this? We are speaking of the true church. Can you give me Matthew 16:18? It's a very familiar scripture, but I want I want to I want to lay this in your heart as we're closing. I say also unto thee, that thou art Peter, and you're perfect, and you've never made a mistake, and you've always got it right. And you've never had any bad days, and Peter, you've never had any mind battles. And Peter, you've never even thought about cursing God. You've never thought about even cutting a soldier's ear off, Peter. I mean, you are a perfectly unblenmished What book are you reading? Thou art Peter and conjunction upon this rock I will build. What's that say? I will build my church. So Jesus is making a declaration. I will build my church. You know what he says? Amen. and the gates of hell sir shall not prevail against it. He never said the gates of hell wouldn't be against it. But brother Kyle, he said they would never prevail. Oh, if anybody ought to be shouting this morning is the bride of Jesus Christ. Every gun in hell is turned against you. Every devil in hell is against you, brother Jared. But they cannot prevail because greater is the spiritual revelation. Can I say this to you? I will build. Look at this word build. It means to build up from the foundation to restore by building. Look what Paul says. I are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets. Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone built. Look at this word. Built to finish the structure of which the foundation has already been laid. The seventh church age messenger direct quote was to restore the faith of the children back to the fathers. In other words, he'll rebuild the church again. Oh God, he will rebuild the church again under the power of the spirit. Church is not a building. Are you hearing me? It's persons who have come in direct contact by the Holy Ghost with this person Jesus Christ. God revealed and you identify that is the one of Matthew 16. A spiritual revelation that the message sent to you is the person of Jesus Christ. Let me let me just let me just say this. The devil has introduced the idea you don't have to go to church to be a Christian. I told you where that come from. It come from the devil and it come from the pits of hell. And it don't belong in a message pull pit and it don't belong in a message pew. It don't belong in the church. Somebody say, "Well, amen. I think I can just be good as Christian at home and play tapes." The Bible said, "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord." In Hebrews 10:25, it says, "Not forsaken the assembling of ourselves together as the manner of some is, but exhorting one another." And I've got to get this. And so much more as you see the day approaching. Amen. Can I say this? What a prophet said, he says, "The church doesn't make you a Christian." He said, "But the church only helps you to be a Christian. It helps you to remain what you've been born into. It helps you contain your experience while you're fellowshipping together with brethren of like precious faith." You say, "Brother Andrew, why did brother Matt take time this morning, Amen, to welcome the new families?" Because this is not a bunch of individuals. We're one family. We're one family. That's why yesterday people were calling and checking and are you okay? We're a family of believers. Let me say this and I I I know I'm running out of time, but y'all forgive me. I got to get off my heart. He said, "When a man and woman gets to a place when I really ought to stay home and see this good play tonight, but I'll tell you, they'll think I'm back so if I don't go on down to church," he said, "and you sit there and you sleep anyhow, you might as well stayed home and looked at something you'd enjoyed more." But when your joy becomes the Lord, when your joy becomes the Lord. Amen. Amen. I say God bless you with the Ed and your family. Amen. Drove I think over an hour. Amen. Every night to those meetings, brother Juan just Amen. There's people here that drive 30 and 40 and 50 minutes. Somebody that day Matt was telling me got up at 5:00. I think it was 3 4:00. Amen. To start driving to church. You say, "Brother Andrew, is that really important?" I'll tell you this. Their joy has become the Lord. Their joy has become the Lord. And the Lord is your joy. Are you ready for this? And you can't stay away from church. You're getting somewhere. You say, "Does it pay off?" Amen. I say, "God bless my in-laws this morning." Amen. For years, Amen. They drove an hour to church or an hour and a half or 45 minutes. I don't think y'all ever live close to church. Still don't. Amen. But they made it a point to make sure their family was in the house of God. And out of that sacrifice, God has given me a Holy Ghost fililled wife. And out of that union has come a child. You say, "Preacher, church don't matter." It does matter because it's a powerful church. You ought to rather be here than in work. You ought to rather be here than at a ball game or at a soup supper in the house of God where we can shout till we feel good. We can dance till we feel like it. We can believe God and pray. Powerful church. What makes this church so powerful? Are you ready for this? We're all the same. Ain't nobody better than another. And ain't nobody lesser than another. Ain't no singer better than the next. I may be getting out of my boundaries. You can put me back in it. Ain't no preacher better than the next. Come on. Ain't no Ain't no musician better than the This ain't a talent show. It's a powerful church. That's why we call it Grace Tabernacle because God has given us unlimited grace. Unlimited grace. David Paul. Unlimited grace. Amen. [Applause] A powerful church. Yes, sir. Discipline restoration. I closed by saying this. Y'all remember brother Donnie Reagan was just here the other day. Brother Donniey's actually a very powerful powerful preacher, but he's also a very powerful woodsman woodworker. Years ago, I'll cut the story short, but if I remember to the best of my ability, I meant to get you a picture to put up there, but I forgot to send it. Years ago, he was on his way to South Carolina to preach a meeting. and he stopped at the antique shop and there was this big big beautiful piece of wood and it was a beautiful entertainment center and he said, "How much you want for that?" And the guy told him, he said, "I just I won't pay for that that much for it." He said, "That's nice." So he went on. So the next year he went back and he stopped there and he went in. Brother Travis, he's looking around. Oh, and he says, "That piece is missing." So he goes to the guy and he says, "Hey," he said, "Where'd that piece go? You must have sell it. Sold it. Y'all forgive me. I ain't got good grammar. You must have sold it. That guy said, "No, come with me." He said, "I want to show you something." So he brought him around back and he said, "See all them boxes right there?" He said, "Yeah." He said, "That's it." He said, "No." He said, "That piece that was hanging that was standing there is now in boxes." He said, "Yeah." He said, "Got knocked over last year." By time, I feel like running right now. Got knocked over last year. I've been there. Got knocked over. He said, "It broke. We just put it in boxes." He said, "How much you want for it?" He said, "Well, I tell you." He said, "It's worth that." Loaded it up in boxes, carried it back home. And I think for two or three years, little at a time, He worked on it and worked on it and worked on it and worked on it and worked on it and worked on it and worked on it and worked on it and no doubt he felt like giving up sometimes. But Jonah, he kept working on it and he kept working on it and he kept working on it because he had a vision for it. God bless you, Matt. He had a vision for this church. He had a vision for this people. kept working on it and working on it. He said after about four or five about four years I think it was he showed me a picture. He said, "Brother Andrew," Amen. from boxes to a trophy. From boxes to a masterpiece. Listen, if you looked at it today, you would have never known at one time it was in a box behind an antique shop. Oh God, what made the difference? Somebody had an unlimited vision. They were not limited by the broken pieces. They were not limited by the scars. I close this morning by saying this. And so is Grace Tabernacle. Amen. From the boxes of sin, from the boxes of unbelief, from the boxes of depression, from the boxes of destruction, God the divine architected by the power of the Holy Ghost to rebuild a powerful church. I want you to stand on your feet this morning. It's a powerful church. Yeah. You say, "Why do you all have so much fun together?" Cuz we was all in the boxes together. Yes, sir. Glory to God. Hallelujah. We was all in the boxes together. We're just a bunch of country folks that knows God is able. He's able to save. He's able to heal. Oh, glory to God. I'm sorry. It's Sunday. I'm feeling too good. Come on, musicians. It's a powerful church. It's unlimited church. Amen. If God can do it in us, he can do it, brother Mark. In anybody, I refuse. I refuse to limit God, brother Benji. I refuse. I refuse to put my God in a box and say it's too broken. You got to stay there. I say this morning, this is an unlimited people. You said, "Brother Andrew, I wish I could just break out in that place where I could shout anytime I wanted to." It's here this morning, brother. And Andrew, is there a place I can go in God? Where I can just worship? We're on a journey together, friends, and we're growing. We're a family. We're a powerful family. Brother Joe, I was sitting in my office yesterday and just got to reminiscing. First time I ever come to Arkansas and preach there in Hardy. I you I don't know if you remember the girls probably do too Sunday night, the power of God just dropped in the building. Brother Joe got up there and got singing that song, Me and the Devil had a tussle. You probably remember that. power of God dropped in there and them them girls were shouting and dancing. Sister Beth was up there with him. Y'all was running around the building stomping the devil. Chloe, she's just little girl then. I think she's stomping around with him too. What 11, 12 years [Music] ago. Here we are all these years down the road still shouting for Jesus. Brother Joe still preaching the gospel and stomping on the devil's head. Hey, that wasn't a limited shout. God give them girls holy ghost fil husbands. Tim, he come and got you. You weren't raising a message, but he come and got you because he's an unlimited God. Are y'all hearing me? I refuse to let mistakes limit my fellowship. I refuse I refuse to let misunderstandings, Amen, limit the ability of this church. I I give misunderstandings a kick in the sea of bridges this morning. get out of Grace Tabernacle. We're a powerful church. We're a forgiving church. We're a loving church. We ought to fall down together, but we'll get back up and we'll keep on preaching and we'll keep on singing. We'll keep on shouting and dancing and having Holy Ghost meetings because this is what God intended. We will not lay down. We will not be restricted. We will not be limited. Unlimited unlimited mercies, unlimited graces, unlimited power, unlimited miracles, unlimited signs and wonders. Can I say this to you? Unlimited prodals. Unlimited new converts. Unlimited unlimited. How many say this morning, Lord, take the limits off? Have you Have you been looking at a situation so long that your thinking has limited the way you [Music] believe? Have you been looking at the impossible so [Music] long? You know, Cody, it's real easy to do that. It's real easy to to get to looking at something. I've been there. Get to looking at something so long that it just starts narrowing down your vision. And all you see is this problem and this situation. Before long, it starts controlling the way you worship, controlling the way you praise. Come on, folks. The battle's not ours, it's God's morning. You ever been there and it's just it just gets to a point where there's no way out? But I got good news this morning. God has an infinite number, an infinite number of solutions. Can I say this morning, this powerful church has a powerful weapon. It's called prayer. Amen. And it's unlimited. And church, you can pray. Brother Morgan, you can pray till things start changing. [Music] Brother Xavier, you can pray. And while you're praying, things start changing. Amen. He's in the building this morning. Have you limited him? Have you limited him by their thinking or your theology? Have you limited him by the circumstances? this morning. I wonder how many believers here this morning would agree with me. I'm ready to climb to the next level. I'm ready to go another step. I'm tired of this ceiling. I think it was Brother Wayne said it a few years ago out in the tent meetings. He said, "Take take your your ceiling and make it your floor." [Music] That's the truth this morning. If you want to stay at 50 miles an hour, just stay in the car. If you want to stay tore up all the time, then you should have just stayed in the situation. But you come out of it. So come out of it. Leave it behind you. Well, they did. They said, she said, she did. He said, "Leave it behind you." And just keep on climbing. There's unlimited unlimited revival. Bow your hearts with us this morning. An unlimited powerful church. An unlimited powerful church. With every head bowed, every eye closed this morning. How many could say, "Lord, I want you to come by my way this morning. Take the limits off. My thinking has limited you. Theology has limited you. Lord, this situation and this problem has limited you. But today, Lord, while you're passing through this building, through this church, would you come by my heart? Lord, would you remove the limitations? Brother Bam told us to believe God for big things. He said to expect great things. I believe it this morning, church. I believe it's time to expect great things. I believe it's time to expect God to perform greater miracles. I believe it's time to expect the things that God has promised that we have a right to expect. It's time. Maybe you're looking at your family and your mama or your daddy or your loved ones and you're saying there's no way at all they could ever be saved this situation and this problem. But today you say, "Lord, if I'm a part of this powerful church and you're in my life, then you're unlimited. You can save them. You can deliver them because you're God and you're unlimited." This morning, let me say, "Lord, take the limits off my faith. Take the limits off my worship. Take the limits off my love. Take the limits off of my forgiveness, Lord. Lord, take the limits off of my understanding, Lord. Take the limits off of Take the limits off of my compassion, Lord. Take the limits off. I want to be a direct reflection of the literal life of Jesus Christ. Oh my. He's moving all over this building this morning. Maybe you're here this morning and you're in the box. The master builder's in the house. He's here to start putting you back together piece by piece. Hallelujah. Almighty God, you're in this building this morning. Lord, you're in your house today and your house is the church of the living God, the pillar of truth. Lord God, manifested in flesh. Now Lord, this is more than just a people standing before me. Lord, this is more than just a group of religious people on a Sunday morning, but Lord, this is your people. Lord, this is your church. Now, Father, if we wanted to stay at a certain speed, we should have stayed in the car or in the automobile or in the horse and buggy. Lord, if we wanted to remain a certain speed, we should have just stayed in an airplane. But Lord, you called us out of the horse and buggy into the car. And you called us out of the car into the airplane. But Lord, in these last days through the seventh angel's message, you've called a people out of the airplane into the astronaut. Lord, where they're going not just above the sound barrier, beyond the speed of light, but Lord, they're literally breaking out of dimensions. Oh God, Lord, they're going beyond dimensions, Lord. They're going into realms where all things are possible. Lord, they're going into dimensions where theophanes are. Lord, they're fellowshipping, Lord, with another dimension. Now, Satan, I know you've done everything you can to limit this people, to limit their faith, to limit their abilities. Lord, you've tried to limit our singers, and you tried to limit the ministry and try to limit the musicians and limit the officers of the church and the young people. You've tried to limit every aspect of this church you can. But, Satan, I stand up on the authority of God's word this morning, and I say, you have lost the battle, Satan. You have not successfully limited this church. You have not successfully limited this pastor. But Lord, your word has been preached in the face of every opposition. It has been preached in the face of every adversary. And Lord, there's a church on its feet this morning, believing the unlimited God has sent an unlimited message with unlimited power, unlimited revival. Lord, I pray this morning as the Holy Ghost is moving across this building. Lord, I believe the sound barrier of this church has already been broken. Lord, I believe the grace tabernacle is sailing in an in an unrestricted, unlimited dimension, Lord. But Lord, if there be one member in here that has their own sound barrier that's not been broken, Lord, may it be broken today that they can climb up on in that higher dimension. Lord, if there's one that needs to just let something go. Lord, if there's one that just needs to let let an unforgiveness go or just let a hard feeling go or just let an unforgiveness or bitterness go. May this be the day in Jesus name. In Jesus [Music] name. Now there is life [Music] darkness. Now there is hope. [Music] Brother, would you come and help us sing it? His name. Oh yes. Just close your eyes this morning. [Music] Like that little girl. Oh yes. Dead in all our sin. Jesus touched his heart of mine. Hallelujah. Gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is light. Where darkness shoots through me. Now there is hope. There's no more down. I will praise his name. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. First verse. Oh yes. Oh little girl was lying there. The people all were weeping. Hallelujah. They just laughed at Jesus. She said she's only sleeping. Glory. Oh, as he took her by the hand. She began to live again. Oh, you believe that this morning? Won't you worship him today? He's in the house this morning. He's here today, folks. He's here in power. He's here in reality this morning. Oh, now there is. He's here in forgiveness where darkness. You don't have to fear this anointing. Surrender to it. You don't have to fear the ability of God. Surrender to it. I will praise him. Oh, just praise him this morning. Praise. Take the limits off of your praise. Take the limits off of your worship this morning. Hallelujah. We were like that little girl. Yes, we were dead in all our dead in all our sins. Oh, but Jesus touched his heart. He touched this heart of ours. He gave me life. Hallelujah. Oh glory. I am just the house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in my house. Oh, death had to flee. He's in this church. Oh, now there is life. He's in his people this morning. darkness. He's here this morning. Now there is hope. Hallelujah. He's here in his mercies. He's here in his grace. Glory. I will praise his name. For he's in the house. Oh, and death has to flee. Oh, now there is light. Oh, where darkness. Oh, yes. Now there is soul. Oh, there's no more doubts. No more doubts. I will praise his name. I'll praise his name. I'll praise his name. I will praise his name. I'll praise his name. Once more. I'll praise his name. Oh yeah. Take your limits off your praise. Go ahead. Take the limits off your praise. Praise your name. Take your limits off your praise. Praise your Hallelujah. For he's in the high. Can I say this to you this morning? An unlimited God deserves unlimited praise. You believe that this morning, sis? An unlimited God. You believe that this morning, Brother Joe? Do you believe that if any two or three agree is touching any one thing, it shall be done upon the earth. Can I say this to you this morning? An unlimited God deserves unlimited praise. What is limiting your praise right now is defeated in the name of Jesus Christ. There is nothing the devil can do with a church that takes their limits off of praise. You say, "Brother Andrew, I don't feel like it." Your feelings are limiting your praise. But denounce your feelings this morning. Brother Andrew, I'm not good enough. Your human efforts are limiting your praise. But denounce those efforts this morning. And remember, he's God and he's unlimited. And he deserves an unlimited praise. [Music] You say, "How do I praise him?" Unlimited. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I thank you, Jesus. Amen. That's the truth. You saved my soul. You heal. See, I know what I'm doing right now. I'm doing war with the devil. He's trying to damper this atmosphere, but it's time to take the restrictions off of it. You say, "We got church order." Church order is not a restriction on the Holy Ghost. It's a restriction on the devil that tries to bring false things into the church. That's fresh. This is the church of the living God where the power of God ought to have a right of way to move. Brother Matt, would you come? God bless you this morning. Death has to flee. Now there is life. Where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I'll praise his name. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. I'm praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] A little girl was lying there. People all weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she was only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to sing. He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. I will praise his name. Praise his name. is in the house. [Music] We were like that little girl. We were dead in all our sins. To Jesus touched his heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of flame. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines on me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. I'd rather have [Music] Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I would rather be his than have riches untold. Yes, I would rather have Jesus than houses or lands. I would rather be led by his name than to be over the king of a vast man and behave. [Music] Yes, I would rather have Jesus than anything that this world afold today. Yes, I would rather have Jesus than me. I would [Music] ra I'd rather have Jesus than were faith and I'd rather be true to his holy name. more than to be the king of the master. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yes, I would rather have Jesus than anything that this world afford today. Oh, then to be a king of a vast doain and be held in [Music] sin. Guess I would rather have Jesus than anything that this world. [Music] Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. Can you sing it with me now? I say, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. [Music] Oh, the s of the king. Yes, our king. Behold the majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. And the darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his. I say how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how [Music] great is our God. For he's the name of Yes, [Applause] my glory. So my heart my heart will sing. Yes, my name is Lord our God. He's the name above all name. [Music] Lord, you're worthy. How many de worthy today? Yes, my heart was Thank you, [Music] Lord. God is our God. I say now age to age he stands and all time is in his hands. The beginning and the end. Beginning and the end. Amen. This is our God. Oh [Music] God. He's the father and son. The lion and the lamb. I say he's our God. Oh, sing with me. He's our God. And all will see our great. Oh, how great is our God. [Music] There's a name [Music] above all. So I lift my heart to sing my praise God. He's my Lord. He's the name. He's the name of our Lord. Lord, you're higher than all worthy. Lord, you're worthy of all. And my heart will sing. So I give my heart. Say, how is my God? Sing with me. How great is my God. Oh, sing. How great, how great is my God. [Music] For he's a name above all names. Lord, you're worthy of all praise. And now the heart will sing. How great is our God. For he's the name above all name worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our [Music] God. I say how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God will sing. How great, how great is our God? [Music] Is he a great God? If he's been a little God to you, just give him a little hand clap of praise. But if he's been a great God, then give him a great one. I say he's great. He's worthy of our praise to give glory unto our creator that made us this way. Isn't it wonderful to serve a God like that? How great he is. Somebody say, "He's a great God." He's a wonderful God. He's brought us through all things into this place, such a time as this, that we can lift our hands and worship our creator. Amen. I believe he's worthy of our praise tonight. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Shout to the Lord. My Jesus, a savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty your mighty love, my comfort, Lord. My shelter, my tower of refuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord on the earth. Let us sing of your power and majesty. Praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your wonderful name. I sing for joy. At the work of your hands. Forever I love you and forever. [Music] Nothing compares to the promise I had in you. [Music] I comfort. I see you, Lord. There is none like you all of my days. How many promise you want to pray? That's the zeal that's on my heart. Wonders of your mind. Lord, you are my mercy. You're my shelter. My power breath. Lord, I give up and all that I am. May you never change your I worship you. Shout to the Lord on the earth. Let us sing of your power and majesty. Praise to the king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your wonderful name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands and forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have. I say nothing compares to the promise I have. I say nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Amen. Won't you give him a hand? Clap for praise. I sing for joy. at the work of thy hands. Ain't that wonderful? You look around this room today, you want to you know what? You see the work of the hands of the creator. The potter that took broken vessels and made them new. I remember I was over in India one time and I have a piece of pottery in my office. If if he's if he's okay, grab that real quick. Is it locked? I have a piece of pottery in my office after we had a meeting over there with young people. Had uh 20 or so of those young people that gave their heart to the Lord. Little Hindu boys and girls that never heard anything about our Lord Jesus. But in a meeting and in an atmosphere like this, they denounced their Hindu gods of Krishna. These kids that I watched, I videoed kids from the time they were able to walk. Little boys and girls pulling up to a a statue on the side of the road and getting off their little bicycles and out the little Rick Shaws and going up to the statue and ringing the bell and putting in a little offering and getting some stuff and putting on their head and and they they they would literally bow down and worship an idol, a statue that was sitting in a little caged area. I watched out my window, videoed it. These young kids, no doubt their entire lives they' done that. Brother Kyle, one day they got in the presence of a real life God and he took the desire of this world out of their heart and put a desire to serve him. In that meeting, there was a woman that had back trouble that had been going on for many years and the Lord healed her. There was another that had been that that was having trouble with speech and wasn't able to speak plainly. The Lord healed them all the stambering lips and and delivered them right in the meeting. Here these young kids had seen the power of God and they gave their heart to the Lord. We went down to the river and we were baptizing them. And I remember walking down that river bank and those those uh brothers were sitting there and they were all the pastors and different ones, some of the uh different uh leaders that had came and there was about 20 or so of us sitting on the riverbank watching them kids get baptized and knowing that when they went home that their parents didn't even have to receive them into their house. In fact, in order to a lot of their parents in order to keep the jobs that they have, they couldn't allow a Christian kid to live in their home. And so they' put them in an orphanage. We even helped uh with with some of that that they'd have a place to live when they went just because they wanted to accept Jesus Christ as a savior. But I remember sitting on that bank and down there there was a piece of pottery, a little little bowl like this. And I, you know, kind of was raised in Arkansas and we always love pottery and stuff like that cuz we're the um Indian artifacts and and so you know I went down and I picked that up. I said, "Well, that's that's that's nice. I I'll take that home." And those brothers, "Oh, brother Matt, you don't want that? Throw that down. Throw it down. throw it down. And I said, "Well, why why not? I I I like artifacts." And he said, "No, brother." He said, "That that you can't use that. It was used to serve other gods. It was where they burned incense to the goddess of the sea, and they come down on the side of the river and they would they would burn things in it, and they would make offerings under their god." He said, "No, that's that's trash." He said, "It was used to serve other gods." Man, something just came all over me. I turned around and looked at all those young people and I said, "Brother, so were they. But God picked them up. He didn't leave them where they were. It didn't matter what they were used to serve. You know what? Every one of us was used to serve something else. We were used to serve another God. But I thank God that a potter came by one day and he picked up that vessel. It may have been used for another purpose. He said, "But I got a purpose for it and he made us." Do you realize that God made all things? You go through your whole life. It's shaking grounds. Brother Brother Andrew said we're we're going to break the sound barrier. It's shaky grounds that we've gone through. it. But I remember in the Bible, Acts the 7th chapter in the 50th verse, he said, "Did not my hands make all these things? Where is the place of my rest? What house would you build me? What what what temple would you build me that I can rest in?" God was looking for a resting place. And he said, "But has not my hands made these things." Wasn't just the world that he made, but it was these things that he made. It was a place of his rest. I think that's quite odd that Brother Andrew's been preaching on that sound bearer. You know, you know how fast it is to break the sound barrier is 750 mph here. Whenever you're looking for peace and being in a broken place, but Acts 7:50 says, "But hath not I made all these things." Isn't that wonderful? There's a place to get beyond this earthly flesh and serving the There's a place to break the sound barrier. You say, "Brother Matt, well, where is it this morning?" Let me tell you where it is. It's to kneel down at the Savior's feet. It's to accept Jesus Christ over your life. You do what that little woman did in the book of in the book of Luke when she went down and she knelt down at his feet when nobody would entertain him. She knelt down and she she started washing his feet. And brother Xavier, she washed his feet and they came in and they they they they made fun and mocked and what would you what would you have anything to do with this sinner? But again, he's trying to take her to another place. And he looked at that woman and he said, "Woman, you go in peace for thy faith has saved thee. You know what chapter? You know what book that was? It was Luke the 7th chapter and the 50th verse. See, he's taking us to another place. There's a place beyond the barriers of this life that God is calling us to. It's a place of salvation. Not only I feel like preaching, but it's a place where God can dwell in the heart of every man where God can use these vessels that he has made for his purpose. You weren't made for the devil to use. You was made for God to use. The devil's used you, but that was not your purpose. He was made for God to use. So I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I'll love you and forever I'll stand. How many lift your hands this morning? Can you say this with me? Forever I'll love you and forever I'll stand. For nothing compares to the promise that I have in you. Isn't that wonderful? Do you love the Lord this morning? Oh my Jesus. My savior, Lord. There is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty your mighty love. [Music] I comfort. You're my shelter, my tower of refuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship. Won't you just lift your hand and praise the Lord this morning? Shout to the Lord. All the earth, let us sing of your power and majesty. Praise to the King and the [Music] Jes at the sound of your wonderful name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise promise I have nothing compares to the promise I have in you. [Music] Lord Jesus, how we love you this morning. We're so thankful, Lord, for your presence, God. What a wonderful word that you've given us, Lord. God, no doubt we look at our flesh and we see ourselves limited and we see the limitations of our very existence and our nature, our failures and Lord, our own abilities and but Lord, we thank you Lord that your word sees beyond those things. God, hear that you would come this morning and speak to our hearts. And God, that you would bring our hearts and minds, Lord, beyond our inabilities, Lord, to know that you have a way to bring us in a higher place, Lord. I know there's such a mighty work that's been done here this morning, Lord. We'll never forget this day, God. Hearts, Lord, that have turned to you, Lord. Souls, Lord, that have that have given over to you. men that have been filled with the Holy Ghost, Lord, the thing that they've been searching for their whole life, God, in this very moment, Lord, something happened, God, that would turn their life around, God, whenever you would speak to the inner parts of our being, Lord. God, you know the desires of our heart, Lord, even when Satan would come to say, "I've heard this before, and I've felt this before, and you know, I I don't want to go down that road again, but Lord, there's something in us, Lord, that's drawn us past it. Lord, I pray that you would bless each one as we go from this place. God, bless our brother, Lord, that battles and sisters, Lord, that battles, God, how the enemy, Lord, would so battle our minds, Lord, to tear us down. But God, I pray that you would bring a peace upon our life. God, may we kneel down before thee in our heart, Lord, like that little woman did, God. May we wash your feet with our tears and dry them with our hair, Lord. May we wash you with our praise. God, may you lift us up. Lord, may you break through all the noise of all the critics around our life. And God, let us raise up, Lord, victorious as a servant, as sons and daughters of God. Lord, that's the desire of our heart, Lord. We thank you for all you've done. Lord, I pray you would bless our brother Andrew and each one as we go from this place, Lord. And we give you the glory for all you do. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You're worthy of it all. Thank you, Lord. Yes, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. Oh, from you are all things. To you are all things you deserve. God bless you this morning as you go. You're worthy of it all. Yes, you are worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Yes, Lord. You're worthy of it all. All you're worthy of it all, my Jesus, from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. My God is awome. He can move a mountain. be in the valley. I make the rain. My God is awesome. When I'm broken, strength when I've been weakened, forever he will reign. My God is awome. He is awome. [Applause] Awesome. Awesome. My God is awome. Savior of the whole world. Giver of salvation. By his stripes I'm God is awome and forgiving. His grace while I'm living. I praise your holy name. My God is awesome. Yes, he is awesome. He is awome. He is awesome. My God is awesome. He can move a mountain, keep me in the valley, happy from the rain. My God is awesome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened. Wherever He will reign. My God is awome. He is awome. He is awome. He is on.
