################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - The Value of a True Blessing  Pastor Matt Morse  04-13-2025 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    The Value of a True Blessing | Pastor Matt Morse | 04-13-2025 |
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzLR1yMj-rw
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey Draw me to your [Music] side. And as I wait, I rise up like [Music] the eagle. And I will sow with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your. Let's all stand and sing that chorus once more. Oh, so holy ghost, let your love surround me and bring me near. Draw me to your side. Oh, and as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle, and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your second [Music] verse. Oh Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face the knowledge of your love as you live in me. Oh, let this be your prayer this morning. And Lord, renew my mind as you will unfold in my life and living every day by the power of your love. Oh holy ghost, let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near. Draw me to your [Music] side. Oh, as I wait, I'll rise up like the eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Amen. Let's sing that song. Touching Jesus. Touching Jesus. How many you came just to get a touch from him this morning? Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matters. Oh, then your life will never be the same. [Music] For there's only one way to touch [Music] him. Oh, just believe when you call on his name. First verse. Oh, a woman tried so many physicians. will yet grow worse. So to Jesus she came and when the crowd tried to restrain [Music] her, she whispers these through her pain. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matterers. Oh, then your life will never be the [Music] same. For there's only one way to touch him. Oh, just believe when you if that's your prayer this morning, just raise your hand and sing it to him again. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really [Music] matterers. Oh, then your life will never be the same. [Music] for there's only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? We have a someone we can need a [Music] [Music] There we go. Amen. We got something in store. Devil's working overtime, so we're just going to work even harder. Amen. How you come expecting this morning? It's certainly good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I know we got some away, some are sick. I know sister Lily in Texas said she wasn't feeling good. So, let's remember her in prayer. continue to remember sister Leah as she's recovering from her surgery. Brother Joe Reynolds is out in Oklahoma with brother Bryce Collins and brother Andrew Glover is back in Virginia with brother Shawn Martin. So just remember them in prayer. Amen. Brother Travis, will you open in a word of prayer this morning? [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Let's sing that song. That devil don't like those. Praising God around here. He's already track trying to attack our microphones, but we don't care what the devil don't like. We're here to praise the Lord this morning. Can you say amen? Well, that devil don't like us praising God around [Music] here. That devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my might. Devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, that devil don't like us praising God around here. The devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my might. Devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, that devil don't like us singing around here. That devil don't like us singing around here. here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to sing with all my might. Devil don't like us singing around here. Well, that devil don't like us clapping around here. Well, the devil don't like us clapping around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my might. Devil don't like us clapping around here. Oh, that devil don't like us shouting around here. I say the devil don't like us shouting around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mind. Devil don't like us shouting around here. Oh, that devil don't like us singing around here. The devil don't like us dancing around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to dance with all my might. Devil don't like us dancing around here. And that devil don't like us preaching around here. That devil don't like us preaching around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'll back the word with all my might. Devil don't like us preaching around here. Oh, that devil don't like no freedom around here. That devil don't like no freedom around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my might. Devil don't like no freedom around here. Well, that devil don't like us praising God around here. That devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my mind. Devil don't like us praising around. Oh, sing it once more now. That devil don't like us praising around here. Oh, that devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm going to praise with all my might. Devil don't like us praising God around here. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Brother Tim, I didn't put this one in. Let's sing that song. God is God and he don't ever change. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? Well, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's God all three in one. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. I remember the day he saved me from a life of sin and shame. I went to that water rejoicing, baptized in Jesus name. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. He's God if you'll serve him. He's still God if you won't. I know God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Oh, he's God when the lightning flashes. He's a God when the thunder rolls. He's a God way up in heaven. He's God down in my soul. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he was God in Moses. He was God in Paul, too. He was God in William Random. And he's God in me and you. Oh, yes. My God is God. And God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God in the pulpit. He's God at the back door. He's a God in the Amen corner. He's God. Although the poor, I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, they call us holy rollers. They're all just making fun. But I'm glad I got the Holy Ghost. I'm living in the sun. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God of deliverance. He's the God that brought me out. He's the God that heals my body. He's the God that makes me shout. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, I have a right to praise him, a right to worship him, too. Oh, cuz I saw my name revealed by the lamb, too. I know God is God, and God don't ever change. I know God is God. And let's all stand and sing that again. Well, I have a right to praise him, a right to worship him, too. Because I saw my name. revealed by the lamb to I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus. Oh, do you remember this one? I remember the day he saved me from a life of sin and shame. I went to that water rejoicing, baptizing Jesus as the brothers come. It's God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful he's the same yesterday, today, and forever? And he don't change this morning. Brother Morgan, will you pray with the [Music] offering? [Music] Sing that song. Give me that old time religion. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It's so good I want no other. For it makes me love my brother and it brings things from undercover. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It's that old time Holy Spirit and the devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. It was good for Paul and Silas. It was good for Paul and Silent. It was good for Paul and Silent. It's good enough for me. It was good for brother Random. It was good. And Brother Rand, it was good for brother Random and it's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Oh, makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. Oh, let's all sing that verse again. Go around, shake another's hand. Love everybody. Makes me love everybody. Makes me love everybody. It's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. How many you can say amen to that this morning? Let's sing that song. I'm walking up the king's highway and my way gets brighter. Yes, my load gets lighter. I'm walking up the king's highway. Oh, there is joy in knowing that with him I'm going. I'm walking up the king's highway. For it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there. Oh, but the pure in heart. It's a highway to heaven. Oh, walking up the king's highway. Oh, you don't have to hurry and don't have to worry. Oh, walking up the king's highway. Oh, Christ walks besides me, his angels to guide me. Oh, walking up the kings highway. It's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there. Oh, but the pure in heart. It's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the King Highway. Oh, now if you're not walking, better start while I'm talking. I'm walking up the King's highway. For there'll be a blessing that you'll start possessing when you're walking up the King's highway. For it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there but the pure heart. It's a highway to heaven. Oh, walk. Sister Manda, if you'll bring your song, sing it again. For it's a highway to heaven. Oh, none can walk up there. But the pure in heart, it's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. Amen. Sister Beth, get ready to sing right after [Music] Head me. Oh blessed thought. Oh words with heavenly comfort fraud. Whatever I do, wherever I be, still God's hand that leadth me. [Music] Sometimes mid things of deepest gloom. Sometimes where's flowers bloom by water still or trbled sea still his hand that me he leadth me He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. Lord, I would cast thy hand in mine, nor ever murmur, nor pine, content. Whatever light I see, since my God that leadth [Music] me, he leadth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he lead us. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. [Music] And when my task on earth is done, when by thy grace the victories won, even death away, I will not flee. [Music] God through Jordan leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth me. his faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. And when my task on earth is done, when by thy grace the victories won, even death away. I will not flee since God through Jordan leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth me. His faithful follower I would be. For by his hand he leadth me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] I just I want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind cuz I know there's peace within his presence. I speak [Music] Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety to every soul held captivi oppression. As be [Music] Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Frank, every stronghold shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. I know there's peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all [Music] anxiety to every soul captivy depression. I speak Jesus your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Music] fire. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Frank, every stronghold, shine through the shadows, burn like a fire. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? We have a name we can call in times of trouble. And then sing that song. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory. Let's all stand as we invite our pastor to come. Just pull on the gift and just whatever you would have need of, just pull it out of him. And the Lord would speak to you this morning. Let's just worship him this morning as we invite our pastor. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship, to magnify your name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. Let's sing that part again. And you deserve the glory and the ha. Oh, will you lift your hands to him this morning? Let's just worship him and invite him to come. Oh, you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands to worship and praise your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you and you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one. Sing that chorus again. [Music] You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I live my life to worship, to magnify your name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Won't you just give the Lord a hand clap of praise and say it's certainly a privilege to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And hey, won't you just reach around and go shake somebody's hand and welcome in the house of the Lord. And I just sure privileged to be able to come this morning and fellowship around the word of God. And Amen. Sure good to see Kaitton back and walking around doing well. So God bless you, sis. Amen. Just don't want to put you on the spot, but sure good to see you this morning. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. She just went through a surgery. Been praying for her and just believe God just to to heal her body and Amen. And certainly he is that kind of a God. This morning, how many can say God's done something for you lately? Amen. I said, how many can say God's done something for you lately? If you don't think he has, just look around and at your children and grandchildren and have a desire on their heart to do something for the Lord. That that's God doing that. Amen. I don't believe that the devil's ever put a desire on a man's heart to serve God. If there's a desire in our heart to serve the Lord, it's certainly come from the Lord. And so, we we love the Lord this morning. Uh certainly glad to be able to be a part of the move of God. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our heads together and I just want to remember sister or little Hannah is sick this morning. Just ask the Lord to touch her body and my little buddy and just just pray for her. And if anybody else has a need on their heart, just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God is mindful of what we have need of this morning. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we certainly thank you, Lord, for another opportunity to come and to fellowship around the word of God. Lord, how we love you, Lord. We are such a privileged people, Lord, to be able to come and and gather in this place. And Lord, that we have the ability, the ears to hear and the eyes to see. And Lord, we are so thankful that we've seen your word in this hour. And Lord, that you've called us to this great move of God. Lord, we've been called out by you. And Lord, we've heard that call. Lord, here we are standing as a body of believers. And Lord, awaiting instruction this morning. And Lord, may we just be able to fulfill what you'd have for us, Lord. And God, the very desire of your heart, it may be fulfilled in every one of us. And Lord, we'll just be careful to give you the glory for all that you do, Lord. We pray you'd touch those that are sick, heal the sick and body, Lord, and meet every need here this morning. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. We just want to invite you to the Bible to the book of Psalms. And we'll read out of the It's got a little bit of a ring, brother. I don't know if you can help that, but um we'll read out of the book of Psalms in the first chapter and in the first verse. And give you just a moment to get to there. And Amen. Psalms 1 and1 and Amen. I know we have several of the young kids that are going to the camp this week and so looking forward to what God does there. I always keep those meetings in my prayer and when you take time always spend time praying for those meetings and uh that God would do something for our our youth and whether it be a young people meeting or the uh or the tent meeting. We're we're going to be out on um at the end of the month and be speaking for brother Shawn at their tent meeting this year and brother Andrew and I will both be there speaking. So I know some are also going to the meeting. So just be praying about those upcoming services and we always just want to be available to do what God puts on our heart to do. Amen. So amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's read out of the book of Psalms, the first chapter, the first verse. The Bible says, "Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly, nor standeth in the way of sinners, nor siteth in the seat of the scornful, but his delight is in the law of the Lord, and in his law doth he meditate day and night. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaf also shall not wither, and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff, which the wind driveth away. Therefore, the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. For the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. And I would like to speak this morning out of this scripture, the value of a true blessing. And we'll just ask you to take your seats this morning. The value of a true blessing. Here in this Psalm of David, as David is writing, he starts out by saying, "Blessed is the man." I thought, "M, we could take a sermon on that. Blessed is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly." This word blessing that David uses or blessed uh is actually a Hebrew word cher. And this word means happiness. I thought, you know, that's something that all of us, if we would ask everyone this morning, uh I believe that we all seek after that. We we seek to be a happy people. We look for happiness for our family, you know, husbands and wives. And uh you want there to be happiness in your marriage and happiness in your home. And and and we work hard to to have a life and have happiness in our in our in our life. And uh uh to I don't I don't think there's any one of us that wouldn't say that we want to lead a a life that is a happy life, a life that is that that is satisfied. We're satisfied with our our work and our effort and the reward that we gain from it. So uh I believe that any any person just the nature of humanity is to live in happiness is to is to satisfy the the life that we have and the time that God has given us. And uh and we realize that the Bible here is speaking that a that a man that leads a happy life and a man is speaking of a man that has a life of satisfaction. For David said, "Blessed is the man." In other words, happy is the man. Satisfied is the man that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly. But notice that David actually shows us where this man's happiness comes from. So this is something that we're seeking after. But David gives us the answer and says this is where it comes from. The happiness of the man actually comes from the word of God. For David said, for his delight is in the word. Isn't that good? His delight is in the law of the Lord and his and upon that law or on the word of God. He he meditates upon it day and night. His happiness comes from that. So we realize that that not only is that where his happiness comes from and now that's what makes a man to be able to live a happy life is because he's meditating on the word of God day and night and because he loves the word and because he he's find satisfaction in the word. And any man that does this, David said that man is a happy man. He lives a happy life. But notice that he didn't just leave it there that it that it was happy but also uh that that man actually received a blessing from God because he was obedient to the word of God. I love this cuz David, he begins to show that this is a happy man. He lives a happy life. But then he says because he obeys the word of God. He said he would be like a tree that's planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth fruit in his season. His leaf shall not wither and whatever he does shall prosper. So here, a man that delights in the word of God, a man that meditates on the word, he will prosper. In other words, he won't fail. He will grow. He'll become stronger. He'll be greater. And and David says, "And one day that's the only kind of a man that'll be left standing." He said, "For the un ungodly are not so, but just like the chaff, they wind will come and it will drive them away. But the man that is a godly man, he'll be left standing. The man that is a godly man, he'll be he'll he'll be a tree that's planted by the waters. He'll have roots that are deep enough to be able to withstand the storm because he is a godly man." He says, "So, it isn't like that with the ungodly man. He'll go into judgment. The sinners won't stand in the congregation of the righteous. He said, "But the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly is going to perish." Isn't that something that here that God gives a promise to those that delight in his word? How many delight in the word of God? Then this promise is unto you this morning. You you you've just you just uh tapped into this promise of God because we delight in the word. That God's promise to those that delight in the word is that one, they shall not perish, but they shall be everlasting. Isn't that wonderful? You can't perish. It doesn't matter what come, what wind would come, what storm would come, what what trial would come in your life because our delight is in the word of God. You shall not perish, but you shall be left standing. That just makes me feel good this morning to think that God has given me a place to plant my feet and a place for my roots to grow that no matter what would come in my life. Don't you realize there's great storms that come upon every one of our lives there? There there ain't no man that's any better than another. We're all tempted with every like manner. The same thing that the sinner uh has trials with and faces with and tempted with is the same thing the sons and daughters of God are tempted with. But I thank God that we have a place to put our roots. Brother Mark, that when a storm would come that we are not moved, but we stand like a tree that's planted by the rivers of water. Our roots run deep in the word of God. That every storm that would come, it wouldn't that it wouldn't even wither the leaves that are growing off the tree that's planted by the rivers of water. But my leaves shall sprout forth. They shall bloom in due season. They shall put forth. They shall bring forth the will of God in my life. Said he shall be like a tree. Now see, I don't think that anyone would say this morning that I don't want the blessings of God. Everybody here, how many would say that this morning? I want to receive the blessings of God. We Why? Because we are a people that desire to be blessed. We want we want God to be pleased with us. Every one of us today, we we want God to be pleased with what we do and the things that we do. And we want to receive every blessing that God has. How many can say that this morning that I want to receive every blessing that God has for me. If God has something that he wants to give, I want to receive it. I I'm just one of them kind of people. If God's up there handing out stuff, I'm going to be the first one in line. But I don't know what God has given out today, but God, he's never been a kind of giver that don't give out something good. So if God said, "I've got something to give." I want to be the one in line with my hand out saying, "Lord, I'm here to receive it this morning. I want to receive every good thing that God has to give unto me. Every good blessing that God could give to a man. I want to be able to receive the blessings from God. You know what happens today is people make it too hard to receive from God. It becomes a great complicated thing to receive something from God. It's all this work up and all all these different efforts that it takes. But brother Bam said he said God has not made it complicated. He said people they try to make it think it's that way that it's complicated. Therefore, they miss the real blessing of the word by trying to make it some hard thing. He said the believer may make it complicated, but God is just making it simple. How many wants to know the simplicity of receiving the blessings of God? In other words, he said every blessing that God ever gives a man is found right in the word of God. And God gives you a way, a simple way to be able to receive it. I I know people make all kinds of things you got to go through in order. He said, "But every blessing, it lays right in the word." And God gives us a way to access it. You read this. We we can read in the book of numbers uh you remember whenever whenever God was giving out the Nazerite vow to Moses and he was showing uh of how the remember what the vow they would have to go through and not cut their not cut their hair and they couldn't eat certain thing couldn't drink wine or strong drink or feed upon the grapes and and and and couldn't uh be around a dead body or nothing you know that would that would make them unclean but while God was giving this vow out or giving the instruction to the Nazarite vow I thought here he's laying in all this law. But the blessing of the children of Israel was on God's mind. So here whenever he would give all this law and all the law to the Nazarite, right at the end of it, all of a sudden God begins to instruct Moses as he's talking about the vow and such. He said, but all of a sudden he says he says, "I want you to go to the priest and bless the priest and and tell the priest to go bless my people." I thought my isn't that the way God does here. He gave instruction to the priesthood to bring a blessing unto the people of God. I think there's some some some preachers today that got the wrong instruction when they when they can't bring the blessings of God to the people of God. But that's the instruction that God gave us to bring the blessing to the people of God because it's on God's mind is to bless his children. It's the desire of God to bless his children. The Bible says the Lord spake unto Moses. He said, "Go to Aaron and say unto his sons, on this wise shall you bless the children of Israel, and you shall say unto them, the Lord bless you and keep you. The Lord bless you and keep you. The Lord make his face shine upon thee and be gracious unto thee. I thought, what a message that God gave unto Aaron to give unto the priest. He said, this is the message I'm putting in your mouth, and I want you to speak it unto my children. Say, the Lord bless you and keep you. The Lord make his face shine upon thee and be gracious unto thee. May the Lord lift up his countenance upon thee and may he give you peace and they shall put my name upon the children of Israel and I will bless them. I thought my what a privilege that God gave unto them. He said that you go to the children of Israel and put my name upon my children that I may bless them. I thought what an instruction that God gave to the men of God today to to go to my people and put my name upon them and bring them to the place that I can give a blessing unto them. I thought, my God has given us an order this morning, an instruction this morning, not to bring the children of God to a place of destruction and not to bring them to a place that God would curse them. But he's given us an instruction out of the mouthpiece of God by the word of God to bring upon his children the name of Jesus Christ that the God of heaven may pour his blessing out upon his church. Bring us to a place that God can bless us. I I don't know about you, but that's the call I want to walk in this morning. God, may we bring your children to a place that you can pour your blessing out upon them. I don't want to see people fail. We don't want to see people hurt. We don't want to see people struggle. I want to see people on fire with the presence of God. I want to see them walking in the blessing of God. And the blessing be upon their life. It's God's desire to bless you. Let me tell you this this morning. I honestly believe that God's desire to bless you is greater than your desire to receive it. It's on the mind of God. It's always been on God's mind is a desire to bring a blessing to his children. Amen. But you realize this that blessing has a value. And most of the time when we look at the value of a blessing, we look at what it is to us, the recipient, and what what value the receiver gets. But you realize that also the blessing has a value to the giver. Have you ever gave somebody something? How many knows that feeling? I had a a dear friend of mine here in church. I got a real wealthy uh uh uh church member that bought me a helicopter the other day. I thought that was mighty fine of him. And you know, I made a statement. I wish I had a helicopter. On the next service, he brought me one. He said, "Brother, you you you I can handle that." I said, "Well, I kind of was thinking of one I could get in, not step on, but nonetheless, I don't want to knock down his gift, but you know, it makes you feel good to give somebody something. I it's a reward to the giver when you give somebody something and the the joy that it brings to their life and you know that that's why I always like Christmas when you can when you can go around and give people gifts and things. I never wasn't about getting something. It's about giving something and and bringing joy to somebody's life. It brings a reward to the giver. It brings a satisfaction and a peace and a happiness to you. Isn't that true? How many testify of it? brings such a a happiness to you and to be able to give and be able uh to do uh to do things in that way. And I and you find out in the scripture the reason that is is it actually pleases God to give to you. And not only does he desire to give you a blessing, but it pleases God to bless you. Matter of fact, that's why the Bible said John 3:16, for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth him would not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world but that the world through him might be saved. Here God is giving the gift of eternal life. How many know knows the scripture? He's giving the gift of salvation. This is a gift that God has given to the to the world. And notice what the Bible said. Isaiah 53. The Bible says that it pleased God to give that gift. He said it pleased the Lord to bruise him. It pleased him to put upon him grief that thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin. It pleased God to make his soul an offering for sin. That he shall see his seed and shall prolong his days. And that the pleasure of the Lord would prosper in his hand. That he shall see the travail of his soul and he shall be satisfied. Isn't that a thought this morning to hear that that it pleased God to see the travail of his soul? The Bible said it satisfied God to see the travail of his soul. It was pleasing to him to give his life for you. It was pleasing to him to give something that you would be able to receive a blessing. But Abraham said it pleased God, that great sculptor, to smite him and to do it this way. We in Isaiah, he said we we all did esteem him. We turned our face from him. There was no beauty that we should desire him. Everybody was talking about him and persecuting him and make fun of him. But it wasn't just then. It's the same way today. They talk about him and persecute him and make fun of him. make fun of you for going to church and make fun of you for for dedicating your life to the Lord uh God that nobody that that they can't even see. But he said it's the same way it is today. We esteemed him smitten and afflicted of God. He said, "But what did he do it for? He was wounded for our transgressions and he was bruised for our iniquity." It was the gift that God gave unto us. He said, "But he he was bruised for our iniquity, but it was God's desire." Think about it. It was God's desire to give that to you. I don't know about you, but it makes me feel good this morning to think that it was God's desire to give you healing. It was God's desire to give you salvation. It's God's desire to give you deliverance. It's not God's desire that you be bound. It's God's desire that you'd be free. It's God's desire that you'd be lifted up. It's God's desire that you'd be encouraged. It's God's desire that you would grow. It's God's desire that you would prosper in this life. It's the desire of God that you would be a blessed people. In the book of Luke, we find Mary as the angel comes to her. The Bible says the angel when he came, "Hail Mary, thou art highly favored and the Lord is with thee and blessed art thou among women." We've read this scripture many times. But notice this word blessed, it's a little different meaning than the word that David used. This word blessed, it comes from a Hebrew word yuloio, which means to bless or to speak well of someone or something. In the New Testament, it's used in various context including the act of blessing God or blessing others and or blessing individuals. It conveys a sense of invoking a divine favor. So here when the angel comes to speak to Mary and he says blessed art thou among women, it's actually it's actually conveying a sense of God invoking his divine favor over her life. That's why he said, "Thou art highly favored. Thou art blessed art thou among women. I thought my isn't that something for the angel to say you are blessed. In other words, he was speaking of her being favored of God among her peers. So he said, "Blessed art thou." In other words, you are favored of God among other women. You're favored. I thought, "My, what a word for the angel to say over your life. Blessed art thou. You're favored of God among men. You're favored of God among your peers. You're favored of God among others." You re you realize you say, "Brother Mark, what what made her blessed?" It wasn't it was because it wasn't because of something that she did. It was something that she was willing to do. Here, God being an eternal God and God, oh, let me tell you friends, God knows all about you. He knows everything you would ever do, every decision you would ever make, every word you would ever speak before you was ever born on this earth. But what made her blessed is what she was willing to receive because she was willing to receive the seed of the word of God in her. So that God being an eternal God, he knew I'm that's just good stuff. He knew that she was willing to receive seed. And because he knew that she was willing to receive seed when the angel came to her, he said, "You are highly favored and you're blessed among women." Don't you realize that when the angel spoke to her, I think that's so powerful that the angel called her blessed before the seed was ever planted. Before the seed ever came into her life, the angel stood before her and said, "You're highly favored and you're blessed among women." Because there's something about her that God knew that she was willing to receive the seed of the word of God. Oh friends, before she ever surrendered her life, he called her blessed. Before she ever gave her her life to to the angel, he said, "You're highly favored." You know what that tells me? It tells me that God sees things in you that have not yet manifested. And God can look at your life and he says, "You are highly favored and you're blessed among men." God, what have I done to be called blessed? What have I done to be called worthy? What have I done to be highly favored of God? That you're willing to receive the word of God, to receive the seed of the word. But friends, don't you see it? Before the seed was ever planted, I thought, my, it wasn't long. It wasn't long before you could see the evidence of that seed growing in Mary. It took a few months before you could see the evidence of that seed growing. But before she ever surrendered, she was already called blessed. That makes me want to shout all over this building. Hallelujah. Before she ever surrendered, she was already called blessed. But that means before you ever receive the seed of the word in your heart, you're already highly favored and you are already called blessed. Before you ever show the signs of life, you're already called blessed. Before you're ever manifesting the life of the seed of God on the inside of your heart, you're already called the blessed of God. Say, "Why am I blessed?" Because you're willing to receive the seed of the word. I remember Jesus preaches a whole message on the blessed of God. I've actually took a a series on this a few years ago and how he went through Matthew the 5th chapter. Remember the sermon on the mount? Jesus said, "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." Now I know the church world takes that that word blessed and because blessed means happy in one place they say well happy is the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of god but in this particular place when Jesus speaks this it's not the same word it's actually has a deeper meaning than happy it comes from the Greek word marios which means supremely blessed or or or or by extension fortunate or welloff and when this word blessed that Jesus is speaking remember here he's sitting upon the mountain he's speaking to the disciples blessed are the poor in spirit spirit for theirs is the kingdom of God. But when it's used properly, here show it's showing how that God extends his benefits to his sons and daughters. So in other words, it was not just a feeling. See, you could say happiness is a feeling. It's a it's an emotion. It's a joy. But this was far greater than a joy or an emotion or a feeling. So it wasn't just a feeling, but it was actually showing a position of the believer. So when he said blessed are the poor in spirit this word blessed mockario actually describes the position of a believer after receiving God's provision or God's favor. So whenever Jesus would say blessed are the poor in spirit he's actually saying he's actually pointing to the position that they have because they've received God's favor. So blessed are the poor in spirit. They are they are they they have received from God. So so we realize it's not if I do then I'm going to be blessed. That's where most people look. Blessed are the poor in spirit. So, I'll go act like I'm humble and then I'll be blessed because, you know, the the poor in spirit are going to be blessed and the and the meek are going to be blessed. So, I'll just go pretend I'm meek and and I'll try to put on some meekness and and if I can put on meekness, then God's going to bless me. But that ain't what it's saying at all. But the Bible says, "Blessed are the meek." In other words, they're already meek because they were the blessed of God because of who they are. It's speaking of their position in God. And because they are the blessed of God, then they are meek. because they are the blessed of God, they are the poor in spirit. Because they are the blessed of God, then they have the nature of God. It's because of who they are. Blessed are those that are poor in spirit. For theirs is the kingdom of God. You see, we realize that this word blessed, it means so much to God. It's because because you are blessed. Then you do those things because of who you are. It's speaking of your position. It meant so much. This is you realize that this word macario this or this word blessed it was the same name that God that that God was given by the apostle Paul in 1 Timothy he said according to the glorious gospel of the blessed God. Hallelujah. In fir in 1 Timothy 6 he said until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ which in his times he shall show who is the blessed and only potentate the king of kings and the lord of lords. I thought my the same word that he would use to describe God the blessed God. speaking of his position over the believer. He's the king of kings. He's the lord of lords. He's the only potent. So he uses this word blessed to def to define who God was. He was using it to define the the very position of God. And then he take this same word. This is the word Jesus uses to talk about you. Blessed are the poor in spirit for theirs is the kingdom of God. He preached a whole sermon on it. Blessed are are the are the humble. that you realize that when Jesus, he's actually telling us the characteristics of those that are blessed. Blessed are the meek. Blessed are the humble. Blessed are the peacemakers. Blessed are the merciful. Blessed are are are those that that are pure in heart. They might be talked about. They'd be they'd be persecuted for for the sake of Christ. But these are the blessed of God. And they will display these characteristics because of who they are. Isn't that wonderful? Because of who you are. That's why that's why you are humble. That's why you are meek. That's why you that's why you can you can be what a Christian really is. You can manifest that because you are the blessed of God. You are blessed and highly favored. You see what did Mary do to deserve the blessing of God. Think about it. The angel think when the angel came, he never said that Mary received a blessing. He said that Mary was blessed. I want you to catch it because there's a difference. He said she was blessed. Mary, you are highly favored. When the angel came to her and said, "You're highly favored and the Lord is with you. Blessed art thou among women." See, it wasn't what she did. It was who she was. It was her relationship between her and God. Blessed art thou among women. You've been highly favored. In other words, you've been chosen by God to hear the message of the angel. See, it showed it showed it. Brother Mark, you said, "Well, how do you know that she really was what the angel said?" Well, let me tell you, it showed by how she responded to the word. Right? So when the angel spoke the word over her, notice what she said here. She was faced with something that most of us would find hard to believe. But nevertheless, she believed it anyway. And she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." See, because she was willing to receive the word of God. And because she was saying, "So be it. Be it unto me." Because that it identified who she was. It identified that the angel didn't find the wrong girl on the road. He didn't meet the wrong girl in the field. He met the right one. And he said, "You're highly favored and you're blessed among women." And she said, "Be it unto me according to thy word." It may not seem possible. I don't see how that could manifest in my life. If you knew my past and you knew where I came from, I don't know how the word of God could ever come out of me. But you're blessed and highly favored. In the middle of your sin, in the middle of your failure, before you ever knew where to go, but you was already blessed of God. You were called of God before the foundation of the world. You were blessed and highly favored. Hallelujah. And she said, "Be it unto me." Watch her response to the word. identified who she were. But Abraham said, "That's what we have to do is to take him at his word. We don't try to figure it out how it's going to be. We just take him out at out his word." He said, "Notice as soon as she got his word and and heard his word that she was going to have a baby." She didn't wait until she tested positive. She didn't wait until she felt life. She started right out testifying what God's word said about her. He said, "God, won't you give us some more Marys down here that'll take God at his word and testify about it before anything happens just because God's word said so?" Now, I think that's what we ought to have today. I wonder if there's any more marriage here that could take the word of God and testify about it. When God said, "You're highly favored." Oh, God, if you looked at my life, my life's just a wreck. I ain't nothing in the sight of God. I ain't done none of what these other men have done or other women have done. How can I be blessed of God? But she didn't do that. She went out testifying about what the angel said about her. Be it unto me according to thy word. The Bible said not only did she accept the word of God over her life, but my Bible says she rejoiced in the word that was spoken over her. Even when she didn't feel life changing, even when she didn't feel it manifesting in her, even when she had no signs of life on her was the same signs that had always been, but something on the inside of her because she heard the word. The Bible says she rejoiced in the word that was spoken over her. Hallelujah. The Bible said Mary said, "My soul doth magnify the Lord. My spirit hath rejoiced in God my savior, for he hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden." God saw me in my low estate. She went to testifying about what God done. Oh, God saw me in this old miserable condition. And I wonder how many this morning say, "God saw me in this miserable condition and he saw the low estate of his handmade, but he favored me and he called me and he sent an angel my way and he called me out of my condition. Henceforth, listen at her testimony. And henceforth, little old Mary, little nobody, this little weak girl, henceforth all generations shall call me blessed." Hallelujah. She hadn't showed no signs yet. That's just preaching stuff. She hadn't showed no signs yet, but she was already testifying about what the angel said about her. All generations. She wasn't heady and all high-minded about it. She just believed the angel. And she said, "So be it. All generations shall call me blessed." See, when she found out she was blessed, she began to rejoice just like we do this morning. When you hear that you are the blessed of God, it causes you to rejoice. You say, "Well, well, how did how did she know she was?" Because the angel said so. That's how she knew she was rejoicing in who God said she was. She wasn't rejoicing in what others said about her or what she thought about her. Even her own, our Bible tells us what she thought about herself. She said, "God saw me in my lowest state." She that's what she thought about herself in my low estate. I I'm a nobody. But she wasn't testifying about what she thought about herself. Amen. She was testifying about what the angel said about her. God regarded me in my lowest state. My is that something? In other words, can I say it like this this morning? Sometimes you have to look past your past. Sometimes you have to look beyond it. Look past your past and past your lowest state and look into the mirror of the word of God like Mary done and say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." Man, I failed God last week, but let me look in the mirror of the word. He says, "You're a son of God." And when a son of God finds himself in a wrong, he just corrects it and he makes it right and he quickly gets back up and he repents to God and he and God and he receives the favor of God. I'm going to find what God said about me and testify about what the word says. Look in the mirror of the word. Be it unto me according to thy word. I know what the devil says. Yeah. I I know what I know what he says. Well, that was Mary. That was the mother of Jesus. It's easy to preach that about Mary. After all, she was the mother of Jesus. But can I tell you what Jesus said? Well, anybody can call Mary blessed, right? Because the Bible said she was, the angels said she was, Jesus said she was, the people said, "So anybody can call Mary blessed." Well, you can always say that about her, but but what about me? You know what Jesus said here? A woman came whenever he was preaching and a woman came and interrupted his sermon and she began to cry out. She said, "Blessed is the womb that carried thee and the breast that nurse thee." You know what Jesus responded to her? He said, "I say rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God and keep it." Amen. So if Mary was that blessed of God that an angel of God would come to her and say she's blessed and highly favored. And then Jesus would say, "But more blessed are you that would hear the word." My goodness, more blessed are you that would hear the word of God and keep it. You're the blessed of God and you're highly favored of God. Oh my. If the angel would say you're highly favored and the Lord is with thee, then what's that say about you? If he says you're blessed among women, then what's that say about you? that because of who you are, you manifest the word that has been spoken about you. See, because of who she was, she didn't go around quoting, "A virgin shall conceive." That's not that was not Mary's testimony, but she lived. A virgin shall conceive. She manifested the word of God that was pertaining to her life. That's why we don't go around saying God's going to send a prophet in the last days, and he he's going to call a people out, and there there's going to be a bride. There's going to be a bride that's called out of a church. But because of who you are, you just manifest it and you rejoice in it just like Mary did. She manifested what the word said about her and she rejoiced in it. So that therefore as a body of believers this morning, we can stand up and we can manifest it and rejoice. I we don't have to say God's going to do and God's going to send and God's going to work and God's going to call, but I can say I am the elect of God. I am that elected lady. I'm the bride of Jesus Christ. I've been called out by God. I've heard the cry of the eagle. I've seen the true anointed one in the end time. I recognize my day and its message. And I am the blessed of almighty God. I am the blessed of God. Amen. The truly blessed. We recognize who we are. Therefore, we manifest it. We're the blessed of God. How many say that? I am the blessed of God. See, now there's a difference of being blessed and receiving blessings from God. I I don't want to leave nothing on the table. Deuteronomy 28th chapter here, God has given instruction to Israel. I love this because he lays all of these blessings down to them. He said, "If thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God, then blessed shalt thou am I running out of times? I don't "Then blessed shalt thou be blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field. Amen. Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body and the fruit of thy ground and the fruit of thy cattle, the increase of thy kind and the flocks of thy sheep. Can you imagine sitting there as the children of Israel? Maybe they Moses had that wrote down and you taken and sit down with your family as a father and had the privilege as a father to read this over your family. What a privilege. You know, when you look around the world, there was so much starvation and things that they had they had came out of, so much troubles and trials. But here as a daddy, you could sit down or as a mama and sit down to your children and say, "But blessed shall you be in the city." Little children come up. You know, mama, you know, my friends, they they have this kind of wreck going on and this kind of trouble and they, you know, you could always point to all the negative things that's going on around us and around the world. And maybe they looked at everything seem to be falling apart and all these other nations, but here that that little mama would have this word to be able to read, but blessed shalt thou be in the city and blessed shall you be in the field. Hear what she's telling. It doesn't matter where you are, whether you're in the country, whether you're in the city, this blessing of God is going to follow you. Bless you'll be in the city. Blessed you'll be in the field. Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body. Blessed shall be the fruit of the ground. The crops that you plant, they're going to it'll be a blessed crop. When you raise cattle, your cattle are going to be blessed. When you raise sheep, your sheep will be blessed. The goats will be blessed. Everything that you raise is going to be blessed. Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store. Your your pantry will be a blessed pantry. I don't know about y'all, that just does something for me for God to speak to you in that way that that it'll be a bless bless you will be when you come in and bless you'll be whenever you go out. And the Lord shall cause your enemies that rise up against you to be smitten before thy face. They may come out against thee one way, but they're going to flee before thee seven ways because you're the blessed of God. The Lord shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses, and in all that thou setest thy hand into. He shall bless thee in the land which the Lord has given thee. And the Lord shall establish establish you as a holy people unto himself as he has sworn unto thee. Isn't that powerful? God is going to give this blessing to you. Can you imagine telling that to your children? It's the blessing. It's what God It's God's gift that is given to you. Your your basket will be blessed. Your store will be blessed. your pantry will be blessed. When you come in, you're going to be blessed. When you go out, you're going to be blessed. I can't think of nothing I'd rather be able to say to my children that it don't matter where you go. You're going to be blessed. If you find yourself in a low place, but you got the blessing of God following after your life. If you find yourself lost out somewhere, but you got the blessing of God following after your life. It's good stuff. The blessing of God is falling after. It's what I want to share with my children. But notice what God said. If can I hang on that word a minute? If this is a blessing. This is God giving a blessing to his children. Pouring out a blessing to his children. If thou shalt keep the commandments of the Lord and walk in his ways. So here God had promised. Isn't that isn't that something here that God had promised this blessing to them? But if they will keep the commandments. Now you notice what happened to Israel. I'll use this as an illustration. What happened with Israel is they stopped following the word of God. And through generations and traditions of men that they had stopped to follow the word and they had went different different directions. And so here God sends the prophet Malachi, remember when you read Malachi and he starts to set them straight. How many knows that when Malachi is preaching in Malachi the third chapter and he's speaking to the children of Israel that Malachi is actually answering a question that the children of Israel had asked. How many knows what the question was? They had asked this question. What have I gained from serving God? You have to dig a little bit to find it, but it's there. What have I gained from serving God? I wonder how many times that every one of us had asked that same question. At some point in our life that what have I gained from serving God? This is the question that they had asked. And when the prophet Malachi comes, he begins to address this question because they had failed to to to follow the word because they didn't feel like they gained anything by serving God. And you know, after all, we we we work with our own hands. We've earned our own keep. we we've got a big enough army. We got enough people. We got big enough fields. What what have I gained from serving God? And so because they felt this way, they stopped following the word. They stopped giving offerings. They stopped giving tithing. They they they quit obeying the word. And so when Malachi comes, he comes to bring a correction. He said, "Even from the days of your fathers, you've gone away from my ordinance. You have not kept them. But return to me, and I will return unto you, sayeth the Lord." But you said, "Well, where shall we return? Will a man rob God?" He said, "But you have robbed me." You say, "Where have we robbed you?" He said, "In tithing and offering." He said, "Therefore, you are cursed with a curse, for you have robbed me, even this whole nation." Now, this shouldn't have came a surprise to Israel that that that they would receive a curse from God. Because in the same law that that mama would sit and read to her children over God blessing you for obeying the word at the end of that same chapter of Deuteronomy 28, notice that God actually said to them if they failed to obey the word, he said it would come to pass that as the Lord rejoiced over you to do good and to multiply you, so the Lord will now rejoice over you to destroy you and to bring you nothing, and you shall be plucked off from the land whether you go to possess him. Now, that's a I wonder how many would read that first part of Deuteronomy 28. And let's just leave out the last part cuz nobody wants to read about being plucked off and and the blessing of God being turned off and and being being cast out of the land that God gave them to to possess the Nobody wants to read about God giving them something and plucking them out of it. So, so, so they they may would stop and they forgot about that and they failed to keep the word of God. But here Malachi would come. He said, "But now you're cursed with a curse." I thought, my isn't it something? It's sad to think that a God that has a desire to bless his children is forced to bring a curse or bring a judgment upon them because they wouldn't keep his word. See, it was God's desire to bless. It wasn't God's desire to curse. It was God's desire to bless. But because they failed to keep the word of God, then then then a curse came upon their life because they failed to keep it. Now, now you realize this that that you know mo maybe maybe most uh uh don't know this this morning, but do you realize that blessings and cursings actually come from the same place? You know, the Bible tells us that and matter of fact in in judgment, it came from heaven just like a blessing came from heaven. Remember remember when when Noah uh was building the ark and the Bible said when it came time for the judgment of God to come upon the earth that the windows of heaven opened up and the rain came out of the windows of heaven for 40 days and 40 nights and it flooded the whole earth. So right out of the windows of heaven comes the judgment of God and it floods upon the earth. It was on it for 40 days and 40 nights. But let me tell you something about God. God ain't like men that would allow you that would leave you in the wrong so that you could keep doing bad. Glory to God. Because it's God's desire to bless you. It's God's desire for you to prosper. It's God's desire for you to do well so God won't leave you doing bad. I I know some of you boys play sports and stuff. You know, sometimes you go play a team that ain't real smart. Kobe, he he plays baseball. And you know, you get out there and some of them teams, they may not be coached very well. And when you go up there and you're standing on the on the on the plate and you're getting ready to to receive a pitch and you look out and the second baseman is so far off of second base, he's halfway over the first base, a little bit farther. And you look out and say, man, that guy's way out of position. And the shorts stop, he's way over here by third place, and he's tending up like this, kind of looking around. You're, man, these guys are way out of position. Well, I know what I'm going to do. I'm going to bop one right over the pitcher's head, right across second base where they ain't neither one of them can get to it because they're out of position. Now, if they had a good coach, their good coach would look at them and say, "Hey, y'all got to move over. What if he puts one down the middle? There ain't nobody can get through it." See, the coach is going to put them out, put them back in position where they can make a play. But because they're your opponent, you would never stand on the home or on home play and holler at the second baseman and say, "Hey, I'm about to hit one down the middle. You need to move over or you're you're way out of place. Your shorts stop. You're too far over. I'm about to hit it right there. You need to move over or you're not going to be able to make a play on the ball." See, you would never do that because he's your opponent. See, but when it comes to God and God's children, you're not God's opponent. Hello, somebody. I want you to hear that loud and clear. You're not God's opponent. God ain't competing with you. God is trying to give to you. God's trying to bless you. God's trying to grow you. God's trying to prosper you. He's trying to bring his word to build you and edify you and elevate you to a place that you can receive the blessing of God. God ain't competing with you. Come on. See, he's not your opponent. His desire is to bless you. So, notice what God does. He gives them the answer. He says, "So bring all the tithes into the storehouse that there may be meat in my house and prove me now, sayeth the Lord of hosts, that if I will not open the windows of heaven and pour you out a blessing that there shall not be room enough to receive it." I don't know about y'all, but that's the kind of blessing I want. If there's a window in heaven that's big enough to dump out water that would flood the whole earth, that's the window that I want my blessings coming out of. I want a blessing that that a window that's big enough to destroy the world to send that much water. I say, God, open that window up over my life and pour me out a blessing that I cannot contain. I'll open the windows of heaven. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. The windows of heaven opened up to you, Lord. poured out of that window upon me. You remember that day, Lord, when you rain water? You remember when you rain water out of out of heaven, out of that same window and you flooded the whole earth? Lord, open that window unto me. Lord, open that window up under my children. Lord, open that window up under your church this morning. Lord, open that window and pour us out a blessing that we cannot contain. Let it overflow. Let it flood over our life. He said, "I will rebuke the Glory to God." Hallelujah. I will rebuke the devourer for your sake. He shall not destroy the fruits of your ground. Remember, there was a curse upon them because they failed to to keep the word of God. And notice what Malachi the prophet is doing. He's restoring the word back to the children that God can take the curse back off their land. He said, "I will rebuke the devour for your sake and and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground." Yes, sir. Hallelujah. I'm gonna call him off. Neither shall your vine cast your fruit before before season, sayaeth the Lord. And all the nations shall call you blessed, and you shall be a delightsome land. In other words, you'll be highly pleasing unto God. How many can say that's your testimony? Lord, let me be a delightsome land. Let let the let the world look upon me. That's a delightsome land. They they they have such the blessing of God upon their life. Let let's be a a delightsome land. But notice what he was doing. He's he was instructing them to to bring them to a place where that God could bless them. We still believe that this morning. We believe that the that that that the blessings of God comes according to the word of God. Now, we realize where this where this tithing came from. This wasn't just something that Malachi was talking about. This was the instruction that God had given to the church. And according all the way back in the book of Genesis, I think it was in the 14th chapter whenever Abraham went and fought in the slaughter of the kings. remember and he went back and got Lot to regain his possessions. Whenever he came back and Melkazedc met Abraham on the road, the Bible says he sat down and he made a feast with him and Abraham gave him tithing of all the spoils that he had gained. Now, may you ever notice what happened to Abraham after he first paid tithes? I'm just going to give you this free because I always I I always love this. The very next verse after Abraham gave tithing to Melazdc, the very next verse, the king of the country actually offered Abraham everything that they had all gained. He said, "I'm going to give you all the spoils. You can have all the possessions, everything that we want. You can have every bit of it." I thought, "Isn't that something?" Here was the first sign of a tithe paying church member was Abraham. And whenever he paid ti, the first thing was offer him was everything. And know, you know, now Abraham, he said, "Now, I won't take what a man gives me. I'm going to wait to see what God gives me." Notice now now Abra that was in the in the book of Genesis Hebrews 7 chapter Paul tells us what it was. He said Abraham gave a tenth part of all to Melazdc the king of Salem. He was the priest of the most high who met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings and he blessed him and he gave him a tenth. Now I I I was reading on this and I actually come across a question in question and answers. I thought I thought it was good. I'm going to read it this morning. But a person asked he said should a person pay tithe to an individual or should a Christian work? So there's two questions that's asked. I love how brother Bam answers these questions because the first thing he says, he said, "Well, sure, he should work. He's the one man that will work. That's a Christian." So let me just put that to bed. A son of God, he's going to work. He's going to take care of his family. He's going to raise his family. He's going to take care of business. That's a Christian. He said, "A Christian is the one man that will work." So we just put that make that easy. Then he asked the next question. Should he pay tithe to an individual? And I love this answer. He said, "Well, it depends on who the individual is." said, "See, because Hebrews 7, Abraham, when returning to the slaughter of the kings, he met Melazedc. He paid him a tithe." He said, "See, it was Melkazedc, the king of Salem, which is the king of peace, the king of righteousness, which was nobody but God himself." You notice why he's having to answer this is because there's been many men that would raise up to take tithing from people, say, "You write you write your tithing to me." And then they they go off and do all these things with people's money. So, so here he was making an answer to show what tithing was actually used for. He said, "See, it was given to it was given to nobody but God himself." He said, "So really, when you pay tithing, really where you owe tiths is where you get your food. For the Bible said, "Bring all your tithing into my storehouse, sayeth the Lord, and prove me where God said that that if I will not open the windows of heaven and pour out a blessing, that you do not have enough room to receive it." And said, "I challenge any man or woman that's not a tithe payer to accept that very thing." It's a it's a challenge. Matter of fact, it's the only place in the Bible that God says, "Prove me and see if I won't do it." It's a challenge that God gave to the believer to prove me and see if I won't see if I won't do it. But you notice he says, "So, he pays to the storehouse." That's why can I just lay this out here? Whenever we come to our church, we take up tithing and offering. And the purpose of our tithing is exactly what the scripture was used for. The tithing was to the Levite. It was for the purpose of the ministry. And that's what that's what we use our tithing for here. You think about we have ministers that come here. They travel all the way from from North Carolina and they come from Tennessee and they come from Ohio. We have ministers here in our local assembly that take time to preach the gospel. And so I've never been a person to feel like that tithing ought to go to the pastor. I don't believe that. I don't believe that all that that that the tithing would come in, although may not be a bunch, but but I don't I don't believe that that's only for the pastor. I believe it's for the ministry. It's for the Levite. And so as our church gives tithing, we always use that for that. We take care of the ministers. if they if they're going to come. You can't expect somebody to come all the way. I know. I may as well just lay it in here. We're here, but but you can't expect somebody to drive all the way across the country and spend $500 on gas or $500 on a plane ticket and take three days off of work and come in here and labor to bring the word of God to the people and and just say, "Well, I hope you have fun paying for it." But it ain't that way. That's why we have tithing. And so, the tithing actually pays for the support of the ministry. We have missionaries that we that I actually give part a part to. And that's according to how God had put it on my heart to do to to support those ministers, our local ministers. Whenever they come to minister, we do the same thing with them. We make sure that their time, the Bible says a man is worthy of his hire. And I believe that. I don't I don't want somebody coming up here and preaching to the church. I may as well just say it all. But but I don't want somebody coming up here preaching to the church that don't have nothing to say. I want the man to labor before the Lord if he has to take two days off of work to labor before the Lord and bring the mind of God for the people. So as a pastor, I'm willing to make sure that I paid for that time. So if it takes a week off of work to find the mind of God, then we'll pay for the time off work that you can bring the word of God to the children of God. So that's what our tithing is for. Amen. Is to bring the word of God. That's why we don't just get up here and make up a bunch of stuff or have somebody that's not prepared and give them a microphone and let them just come up here and start blasting on everybody and and and all this nonsense that that that that that people have seen through the years. But but we we want the word of God to be brought and people to be able to labor before the word. And so so we realize that according to the scripture to the Levite or to the priesthood, this is the purpose of tithing. So man would show this. He said, "See, I could stand here all morning telling you what happened when I seen that." He in other words, he said, I had to catch a revelation of it. He said, "And when what condition I was in, I was as loyal as I ever could. I paid tithe and I took my own money from the church, from the campaigns, and I gave a tenth. I give out to the ministers. I give to the rest of the ministers." And when I couldn't do that, you know what I did? When I got to a place that I couldn't do it, he said, "I kept 10% and I gave 90 of it to God." He said, "And notice I said, I would like to give you a personal testimony of how I was even hungry, my mother and them hungry, my daddy was sick, but I took my tithes out first and I give it to God. And you ought to see what happened. I have never seen in my life that any man or a woman that if you would only make $1 a week that you wouldn't give 10 cents of that money and put it into your storehouse or the church that you come. If God wouldn't bless that, you can call me a hypocrite." He said, "That's a challenge to anybody, to every Christian. You should pay tithe." It's right. It should be done. So, we realize as a believers, it's it's the way to receive the blessing from God. How many I wonder how many could raise your hand and testify of something that God had done in your life because of because you were paying ti. My I remember I I I can I don't my wife won't mind that I tell this, but I remember my wife whenever she you know she uh was cleaning apartments and things and so they you know it wasn't very much money that they gave her. I forget how much it was, but but it wasn't very much. And so, well, you know, you know, after we we had started uh working and and you know, she comes to me one day and she says, you know, she says, well, you know, I I I need to be paying ti. I mean, you're the pastor. That's kind of odd thing. I said, well, it's only odd if you think you're paying tied to me. That'd be an odd thing. But don't pay ti to me. That's why I've always been a little bit weird about that. Y'all y'all know my nature, but I've always been a little bit weird about that. somebody come and trying to give you ti money. I don't but well it ain't to me so don't get you know I don't if you need to give it I'll take it and I'll give it to the brother but you know something like that but I've always been a little bit weird about it and that's just my own personality. So, so but but we want it to go to the right place and we want people to realize what it's for and where where it's actually going to. And so, so I told my wife, I said, "No, you go the church, you pay tithe to the church. That's our storehouse. That's where we feed you. Go through the right channel just like everybody else." And so she went out, she started doing it. She came back in in a week or two weeks time, she gets a she she gets a phone call from the manager and they said, "Hey, we're not paying you enough." He said, "We're going to double what we're paying you." And every apartment she cleaned, they gave her twice as much. And she came back. She said, "I can't believe this. This is the strangest thing, but it's just the way God works. Sometimes God I wonder how many have a similar testimony. Just raise your hand. Many of you all over the building. I I could stand here all day and I could tell you about what God has done in my life because I caught that revelation as a young man. I was a little boy. Don't you ever stop these children whenever they make 25 cents from coming and trying to put three cents in their little tithing envelope. I've got all kinds of them that them kids will give. And I pray over every one of them that comes in. I say, "God, you bless that child. You bless every part of their life according to thy word. I've never opened up a tithing envelope or or seen a tithing envelope in this church that I didn't pray that prayer over. God, bless them according to thy word. Even when they're little, don't stop them from from obeying the word of God because it's a blessing that God will follow after their life. As a young man, I caught that revelation. And I I would do and I would give more and give extra. And you know, you know, even I don't know if y'all remember this, but but we even when we were little and the church didn't have a the the brother in the church, he he wanted to I forgot all about this, but he wanted he wanted to to to turn the heat and air on in the church. And back then, we didn't have a thermostat that you could set. And so every day he he was talking about the trustee. He's passed away now, but he would come in the church and he would turn it on. He'd come in at four or five o'clock in the morning, turn the heat on or the air on. And he told that one day and something bothered me. I remember I was 12 years old. And so we got all the young people together and we went out raising money. Brother Morgan helped. Brother Mark help. We went out raising money. We collected cans off the side of the road. We went to people's trash and said, "Can we get the cans out of your garbage can?" It didn't matter where we got them. And we saved up enough aluminum cans to go to Lowe's and pay $60 for a thermostat that you could preset so that brother didn't have to get out of bed so early to turn the thermostat on. But it was children. It was just children that had a desire to do something for the Lord. Don't ever take that away from them. Little little button, my little buddy Chloe. Ever since she's been little bitty, she's always been that way. When she's started coming to church here, she she had put a dollar or two in ties from from baking her little from baking her little uh uh uh uh uh uh cakes that she'd make here in the winter. But she always put ties in. I thought my isn't that something that that a family or children would be raised in that way because it's a blessing of God. I thought that's a good daddy that would raise your children to be able to receive a blessing and not to receive the curse. See, see, so we always we always do that. Now notice that whenever we come into church, we take up an offering every service. Now the offering and the tithing was not the same thing. Now remember because the Bible said he said, "How have I robbed you?" He said, "You robbed me in tithing and offering." You realize that could have very easily said in offering and tithing. So, one's not more important or less important than the other. It's important. That's how we have a church. That's how we pay the light bills and all these things is the offerings that people give unto the church. And so, but but the offering, it was no set amount. It's something that's on your heart to give. There's no God didn't say there's certain amount. It's it's a free will offering. But let me tell you something about this offering that you give. Paul said 2 Corinthians 9th and 6. 9 and 6. He said, "But this I say, he which seweth sparingly shall also reap sparingly. But he which sweth bountifully shall reap bountifully. For every man according as he has purposed in his heart, so let him give, not grudgingly or out of necessity, for God loves a cheerful giver. So give from your heart what God puts on your heart to give." He said, "And God is able to make all grace abound toward you that you always having all sufficiency in all things may abound in every good work." So by the grace of God here that not only is the is a is a a blessing come from tithing but a blessing come from offering. Matter of fact, brother man would say this he that he he even corrected his own error. He said we went to a meeting in Canada one time and because we had the money we paid for the meeting. We do that a lot. Every time we go to India we try to pay for the meeting. He said but we paid for the meeting and we but we told them not to take up an offering because we had the money to pay for the meeting. He said it didn't go so good. the meetings are fine, but because we didn't take up an offer, because we didn't take up an offering, it didn't turn out so well. He said, "So, I don't care if the church is worth a hundred billion dollars, you still owe it to God to take up an offering because that's part of the people's worship." He said, "So don't rob that from them." He says, "As much as I've been against money and things like, you know, people after money," he said, "But I find out when a man is wrong, you may as well admit you're wrong." He said, "Brother Fred and I seen that it did not pan out so good. So it doesn't matter what the church is worth or how much money it has. You never neglect to pass an offering or give people an opportunity to give an offering unto the Lord. See, because it allows them to receive a blessing from God. This is a part of our worship. See, I can't find anywhere in the scripture, brother Jared, that being obedient to the word don't bring God's blessing. Every blessing of God comes from obedience to the word. And can I tell you this this morning? I I I know I know it's kind of drawing late, but the bank of heaven is not running low on funds. Can I just settle this in your mind? God ain't running low on funds. He's not He's not going to write a check that he can't cash. It's not He's not running short. He's not concerned about how much you draw or about how much he promises to one or how much he gives to another. God can give to one man just what he gives to another man. He's not running low. He's not running out. He's not. They're They're not running on fumes. It's an inexhaustible fountain. God don't write hot checks. God's checks don't bounce. Amen. Well, hallelujah. So, if God gives you a promise, you can take it to the bank. It's God's promise. His checks don't bounce. You can cash it. You can sign your name right on the back of it. You can walk right in and say, "It's from the bank of heaven. It was signed by Jesus Christ. It was paid for on the cross of Calvary. It's a blessing that God has promised me and my family." And you have access to draw the blessing of God out of the bank of heaven because God has wrote it to you. The blessings of God, they're promised. They they are promised to the believer. Think about it. They're promised to the believer through our covenant with God. Do I got just a minute? Can y'all give me can I get just about five minutes? See that the blessings of God are promised through the Abrahamic covenant. Remember the Bible says, "I will make of thee a great nation. I will bless thee. I will make thy name great, and thou shalt be a blessing. I will bless them that bless you. I will curse him that curse you and in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed. I thought my isn't this something. Here is an unconditional covenant. But in that unconditional covenant comes a conditional blessing. I will bless them that bless thee. I will curse them that cur. The covenant is unconditional. But the blessing that you receive was unconditions. See, so the the more that you would give or the more that you would that you would follow after the word, everything you do for God, God would give something. And he would God will never let you. The the more you pray, the more of God you're going to give. The more you desire the spirit of God, the more the spirit of God you're going to give. God's never going to allow you to give out more than he gives you. You can't outgive him. So, see, so this is a promise of God. It's a it's a conditional blessing. So, according to being obedient to the word, but notice here, the seed of Abraham, which was Christ, this is where the blessing lay. So, Abraham, he was blessed because of the faith that he had in the promise. He and he was I thought my this is something that he was so much of a son of God. He was so blessed of God that God said if any man would even bless you, I'll bless that man. Amen. He was so blessed. Can you hear me? He was so blessed of God. He meant so much to God that God put this on his life that if a man would bless you, I'll bless that man. If a man curses you, I'll curse that man. Why? He meant so much to Can you imagine? This is what God is speaking. This is your covenant between you and God. Amen. that he is so blessed of God that if a man would bless you in the church age book, brother Bam said, "There are things that we must accept." Here's one of those things. He said, "There are those that will enter into life eternal after the white throne of judgment solely on the grounds and being good and kind and just to the elect of God." There are those that will enter into heaven solely on the grounds of being good to the bride of Jesus Christ or to the just of God. Is that not exactly what Abraham was preaching? I will bless them that bless you because they were a blessing to you and you're my son. I'm gonna You see how blessed you are to God that just because somebody done something good to you that God would bless their life because they would be a blessing to his children. That's why I don't speak cursings out of this mouth. Hello, somebody. Everybody has a choice to say what they want to say, but this mouth, see, you can control a lot of things about me, but that's one thing you can't control. You can't make me say things that I don't want to say. And I choose not to speak cursings over anybody because they might just be a son of God. They might just be a daughter of God. They might just be the seed of Abraham. And he said, "I'll bless those that bless you and curse those that curse thee. So I bless God's children. I don't speak cursings over them because I don't want that curse coming back on me." My boldness Oh, you say, "Well, you Well, I'm I'm just being bold." Well, my boldness as I can boldly give a blessing to the children of God. As boldly as you can curse them is as boldly as I can bless them. As boldly as you can put them down is as boldly as I can lift them up. As boldly as you can lift yourself over them is boldly as I can lower myself beneath them. Cuz I believe that God has an intention to bless his children and to raise them out of the muck of this layout of sea and set them in a plane where God can deliver his blessing upon their life. I can say that boldly. I can say that. I can say that that with the word of God behind me, God desires to bless his children. Said, see, just because they were good to the elect of God, that I would bless them. See, it's according to the Abrahamic covenant. I'll bless them that bless you. But notice, it wasn't just the Abrahamic covenant, and I'm closing, but also the Mosaic covenant. Watch Deuteronomy 28. God outlines the blessing for Israel if they would obey his commandments. It it what? Watch what it included. prosperity, health, victory over their enemies. The Davidic covenant when he came to David, he promised David's whole kingdom that it would endure forever and pointed out that this great blessing would be fulfilled in the Messiah. He would be a descendant of David of the throne of David. And here this great blessing would come. He would he he would keep his throne forever. He would be over his children forever. You say, "Well, brother Matt, that was a blessing for Abraham and that was a blessing for Moses and that was a blessing for David. That was a blessing for the children of Israel. But what about me? Can I just read it to you as we're closing? Paul said Ephesians 1:3, he said, "Blessed be the God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us." Somebody say, "Us." Us. With all, somebody say, "All." All spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. So, it wasn't just for Moses, and it wasn't just for Abraham, and it wasn't just for David, but Paul said, "But God has blessed us." Somebody say, "Bless me." Bless me. God, you may as well just put yourself in there. Say it till you believe it. God has blessed me with all spiritual blessings that are in Christ Jesus. In other words, God has given you access to every spiritual blessing. You realize that these spiritual blessings, they are found. Notice, if you want to access these spiritual blessings, you've got to go to the right place. Amen. But what Paul said, he said they're found in Christ Jesus. So you can't just go out anywhere and find this spiritual blessing. There's all kinds of churches and places you can go to, but but if Christ ain't the head of that church, well, then you're not going to find that spiritual blessing there because the blessing is found in heavenly places in Christ. So, see, so there's a place in order for you to access them, you got to you got to you got to go to the right place. Now, it ain't just financial blessings, although I believe that I believe that God will bless your finances because he was blessing the field and blessing your food and blessing your cattle and blessing your sheep. That is what they use to to live on. So, God does bless us. He takes care of our bills. He takes care of us that way. But it's not just financial blessing, but God gives all spiritual blessings. They're all accessed in Christ Jesus. So here, believing God's word allows you to draw these blessings out of God. Oh, glory. So in other words, if in him is healing, then God give you a way to draw healing out of God. He give you a way to draw salvation out of him. He give you a way to draw peace out of him. You say, "How do we do it?" By faith. We draw these spiritual blessings out of him. See, you know, I think that what that what happens is is that people don't receive spiritual blessings because they're drawing from the wrong place. See, they try they try to draw them out of men or draw them out of a church, draw them out of a preacher, draw them out of a personality. That's where they're trying to draw their blessing from. But here he said, "But our blessing don't come out of a man. It don't come out of a pastor. It don't come out of a church. But your blessing comes out of Christ, who is the word of God. So if my blessing comes from the word, the only place I'm going to be able to draw it out of is to draw it out of the word, which is Christ Jesus. But don't you see this is our nature? Our nature is to draw out of something that we can see. It's our nature to pull from something that that's tangible, something we can put our hands on. We depend on things that we can conceive and we can control. That that that's what that's what our nature does. But here, the Bible's telling us that to draw out of Christ, it means that you have to draw from something that you can't see. That means our drawing is a draw of faith. It's what we draw on from. So by faith we draw from God. By faith we're pulling out of God. The Bible says by faith it comes by the hearing of the word, the the word of God. But Abraham said we accept that and we believe it that upon the basis of faith we are saved and we are healed. He said and whatever we draw from God it comes from an unseen resource. That means you may not be able to see it but it's there. Amen. You may not know it, but healing is laying there. Salvation is laying there. Deliverance is laying there. Peace is laying there. Joy is laying there. It's laying there. You may not see it. It's an unseen resource, but because of our faith, we draw out of a resource that we cannot see and we draw the things of God. Oh my. If you could get a picture of it this morning, it ain't some big bucket that we come up here and get some cracker or something from a priest. That ain't what we're trying to draw out of. But in the word of God, by faith, we reach down or we reach up and we draw from God out of an unseen resource. God, I need some joy in my life. And by faith, I reach up and I begin to draw. Lord, I need peace in my life. And by faith, I reach up and I begin to draw. Lord, my children need salvation. By faith, I reach up and I begin to draw out of God where the spiritual blessings lay, out of an unseen resource. and to draw a blessing that is very visible. It becomes manifested in my life out of an unseen source. He said, "See, Christians, the whole armor of Christianity is based on faith. Everything that we have is unseen. The only things that's real is unseen. They're unexplained. But the things that can be explained aren't even real. They're superficial and they die. They cannot be." Isn't that what the Bible says? All this that they given, a man could earn great wealth, but he's going to come into this world naked and out of this world he's going to leave the same way. And nothing that he's gained is ever going to go with him. The only thing that'll go with him is the unseen thing. Watch the where the real value is. The unseen thing. That's what that man will carry with him on the other side. See, it's unseen. The it cannot be explained. The immortal, the whole realm. Look at the armor of Christianity. Love. What part of you is love? Somebody point to it. Say, see love and joy and faith, longsuffering, meekness and patience. None of these things, you can't see them. They're unseen, but we believe them. See, love never dies. Faith is the victory. We believe the things that we don't see. And those that truly believe the test, think of this. Those that truly believe the testimony of Jesus Christ can draw God's blessings. Amen. Out of him. Yes, sir. The Bible says God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. He said those that truly believe that God was in Christ, reconciling the world to himself. Those that truly believe that can go draw God's blessing out of him. Amen. Where's our spiritual blessings? They are in Christ. Said so in Christ the word we can draw out of him. But Abraham said in another place he said it takes a prayer of faith to bring God's blessing down. Hallelujah. See, it just takes some drawing from the right source. Would you stand to your feet this morning? When we draw out of the right source, see where you're drawing from. If you're drawing from a well and it's full of old dirty water, well, anybody want to know what kind of water you're going to get, you're going to get the water from the well that you're drawing from. So, see, so here that God has given us a source to draw from in Christ. God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself that us through Christ could receive every blessing of God. Amen. That's why we come here and gather up in the house of God. fellowship around the word. We worship in the word of God for the mark because we're drawing from a resource. I say, Lord, pour your blessing out upon the church. I know what the church the church world thinks that, well, if you have a big enough building, well, then you're blessed. Then you're receiving the blessing of God because your building's big enough because your windows are pretty enough because you got a bunch of people going there. Everybody's everybody's well off. But that ain't what the blessing of God is upon a church. He said, "All these churches, denominations that hold to their tradition of men instead of the word of God, they aren't blessed of God. You're cursed by God." No matter how big the building is, they're living under a curse because they fail to receive the word of God. Said, "But what we need to do is to get back to the message." How many say amen? Get back to the original. Get back to Pentecost. Get back to the real blessing. Back to the name of Jesus Christ. Back to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Back to signs and wonders. back to Pentecost, away with organization, and back to the Holy Ghost. He's our teacher. That's when the blessing of God can take over your life. My isn't that wonderful to not only to be the blessed of God, but to receive a blessing from God. I say, Lord, open the windows of heaven over my life. I'm not ashamed of it. Lord, open the windows of heaven over my life. Let me follow thy word. Lord, let me be obedient to th to to thy word. And Lord, let you bless my life. Let me be a testimony of the blessing of God. I ain't ashamed of it one bit. Amen. We ain't afraid to be blessed of God. Lord, let me be so filled with with with peace that that when these great trials come that I can stand as a son of God and say, "It's okay. God's going to take care of it." Lord, let me be so filled with love that when somebody would do me wrong, I can say, "Well, it's okay. I'm going to love them anyhow." And and until they till their heart changes, let me be so filled with the blessing of God that it's manifested in my life. Amen. It ain't something we got to be ashamed of. It's something that we can display. Brother Mark, can you imagine the unseen blessings being on display in your life? Ain't God wonderful? Can we sing that song? Ain't God good? He gives us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we are. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we are. We ought to thank him, love, and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Now, let me ask you, how many knows the greatest thing you can say to somebody? God bless you. So won't you go around and shake somebody's hand and and and wish that upon them. Won't you give that blessing to them? May God bless you. Give us so many blessings undeserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Well, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Love and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Yes, my God is good. So many blessings undeserved. That's what we ought. We ought to thank him, love, and praise him a little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. My God is good all the time. And if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear, for he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised he'll never leave. Thank you, Lord. And nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Yes, God is good all the time. I mean, say this this morning. We were sinners. I was so unworthy. Still from me. He chose to die. And he filled me with his spirit. Now I can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy they will never end. God is good all the time. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yes. all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Well, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. Yes, he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. Yes. All the time. He put a song in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. Yes, God is good. God is good all the time. Though I may not understand all the plans you have for me, but Lord, my life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith, I can clearly see God is good all the time. He put a song of praise heart of mine. God is good. Oh, all the time. In the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] Well, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. In the darkest night, his light will [Music] shine. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, God is good. this song all the time. This song of praise in this in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And in the darkest night, his light will shine. My God is good. How many say amen to that? Won't somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Can we sing this verse again? Well, though I may not understand all the plans you have for me, my life is in your hands. And through the eyes of faith, I can clearly see God is good all the time. He puts the song in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. And in the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. All the time. [Music] Amen. Won't you give him a great hand clap of praise? Somebody say, "Praise the Lord this morning." Has he been good to you? Somebody give him praise. Lord, we thank you for what you've done for me. Lord, I thank you for my family. I thank you for blessing me, Lord. I thank you for all that you've given me. I thank you for health in my body. Lord, I come to worship you and to give you praise. Friends, don't be don't be beat down and discouraged. God has come to bless his children. Can I finish reading this? Moses said, "It shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the Lord thy God, and observe to do his commandments, which I command you this day, then the Lord thy God will set thee on high above all the nations of the earth." Sometimes we get to feeling so low and down, but listen what God's intention is is to establish you on high. How many will accept that? He's going to set you on high, and all of these blessings shall come on thee and overtake thee. I don't know about y'all. Glory, but I want to be overtaken by the blessings of God. The window that's big enough to pour out a blessing that's enough to overtake me. I say, God, overtake my life. Whether you realize what God is trying to do for you, brother Mark, if you hearken under the voice of the Lord, Lord thy God here today that people are overtaken by so many things. You've been overtaken by guilt, overtaken by doubt, overtaken by sadness, overtaken by sorrow, overtaken by sickness. But he said, "But God will overtake you with the blessings of God." I say, Lord, overtake every doubt. Take take me over. You can be bound if you want to, but I I choose to be overtaken by the blessings of God. God, overtake me with liberty. If I'm sad, overtake me with joy. If I'm lost, overtake me with salvation. If I'm sick, overtake me with healing. Let the blessings of God overtake my life. Hallelujah. Somebody praise the Lord this morning. Isn't he wonderful? Well, everybody will be happy. Well, there's a happy land of promise over in the great beyond where the saved of earth will soon glory share. and where the saved of men will enter to live forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, I say everybody will be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, there we'll meet the one who saved us and kept us by his grace. Brought me to a land both proud and fair. And I will praise his name forever. As I look upon his face, everybody will be happy over there. Well, I say everybody will be happy. will be happy over there. And we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, we will hear nobody praying, no mourning in that land. There'll be no burdens there for us to bear. And all the people will be singing, "Glory, glory to the Lamb." Everybody will be happy over there. Well, I say everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Well, I will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. When I say there's a happy land of promise over in the great beyond where the savior of earth will soon the glory share and the souls of men will enter to live forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. But I say everybody may God bless you this morning as you go. Will be happy. I sing over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, I say everybody. We'll be happy. We'll be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, I say everybody will be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, I know everybody will be happy. will be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy, happy over there.
