################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-26 - Pastor Matt Morse | For It Pleased The Father | 10-26-2025 - Matt Morse - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-26
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse | For It Pleased The Father | 10-26-2025
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSAh4EUZt0c
========================================

[Music] Holy [Music] Spirit. Lord, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Holy. Oh, let's all stand that. Sing that again this morning. Welcome, Holy Spirit. And welcome, Holy Spirit. [Music] For we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, and live inside of Oh, you're the living water. For you're the living water, my never drying fountain. Oh, my comforter and counelor. Oh, take complete control. Oh, and welcome Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. Paul's that your prayer this morning that his spirit would just come and live inside each and every one of us. Let's sing that song 10,000 reasons. 10,000 reasons. Amen. We have more than enough reasons to praise him this morning. And the sun comes up. It's a new day dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before thee. Oh, let me be singing when the king comes and bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your voice. Oh, second verse now. For you're rich in love and your soul to adore. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. [Music] Oh 10,000 reason for my heart you Oh, can you bless him this morning? Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Oh, sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy. Oh, last verse now. And on that day when my strength is failing, the end draws near and my time has come. Oh, still my soul will sing your praise unending. Oh, 10,000 years and then forever more. So bless the Lord oh my soul. Oh all let's worship him today your holy name. Oh sing like never before. Oh my soul I'll worship your holy name. Yes, I will worship your holy name. Oh, have you come to worship him this morning? Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord once more just after our great meetings. We just come with expectation that the Lord will still come move down and speak to each one of us today. It's good to have brother Adam, sister Sarah, and their little daughter here with us. Brother Adam, will you open the service in a word of prayer today? [Music] [Music] step. [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Good to see each and every one of you. So, visitors, good to have Harmony and her kids out here from North Carolina. Amen. The only announcements is our fall festival this Friday uh or Saturday the 1. So, just remember those. I believe it starts at 1:00. I don't have it in front of me, but I'm pretty sure it's one o'clock. So, just looking forward to those. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, let me walk. Blessed in the way thou hast gone, leading straight to the land above. Oh, giving cheer everywhere to the sand and the Lord. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love and keep me close to the side of my savior. And God, let me never end this road. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly dove. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love and soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more but have I in my home above. Oh let me sing blessed king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Yes. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly love. Oh, let me go all the while in the song and a smile. Fill my way every day. I'll sing it again now. Yes. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. I'm singing by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will share the story of how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better by and by. For we are often tossed and driven on the restless sea of time. Summer skies and how campus of succeed of bright sunshine in that land of perfect day. When the midst has rolled away, we will understand it better by and by. And I sing by and by. know when that morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home. We will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, trials dark on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us to his blessed promised land. But he'll guide us with his eyes and we'll follow till he rise and we'll understand it better by. I'm singing by and by. When that morning comes, when all the saints, [Applause] oh, how we've overcome and we've understand it better by and by. Oh, and temptations hidden stare often take us unaware. And our hearts are made to bleed. So many call this word or deed and we wonder why the test when we try to do our best but we'll understand it better by and I go by and by when that morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home we will tell the story of how we've overcome and will understand it better. Oh, by and by, I'm singing by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better by in. And Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. [Music] I'll sing it again now. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. My Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget no. Oh, and how could I forget what you done for me? Oh, how could I forget how you set me free? Oh, how could I forget how you brought me out? Oh, Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, let's all stand sing it again now. My Jesus, I'll never forget what you done for me. My Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget if the rose offering. Oh, cuz how could I forget what he's done for me? Oh, how could I forget how you set me free? Yes. How could I forget how you brought me out? Oh Jesus, I'll never forget. [Music] Amen. Brother Phil, you can pray over the offering this morning. Am [Music] I Jesus on the main? Oh, tell him what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main. Oh, just call him up this morning and call him up. Call him up. Oh, tell him what you want. Just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main need healing. Oh, and if you need your healing, tell him what you want. And if you need your healing, tell him what you want. And if you need your healing, tell him what you want. My Jesus on the need deliverance this morning. And if you need deliverance, tell him what you want. Oh, if you need deliverance, tell him what you want. Oh, if you need deliverance, just tell him what you want. My Jesus the man. Oh, just call him up now. Why don't you call him up? Call him up. Tell him what you want. Just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, just call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main. Oh, if you want the Holy Ghost this morning. If you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Oh, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. And if you want the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. My Jesus on the m. You see his line is never busy. Tell him what you want. His line is never busy. Tell him what you want. His line is never busy. So tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main. Oh Jesus on the main line. My Jesus on the main. Tell him what you want. Oh Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Oh Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus. Oh, why won't you turn and shake your neighbor's hands this morning? Oh hey, call him up. [Applause] [Music] Call him up. Call him up. What you want? Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. My Jesus told the man. I am. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Yes. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line. Now, I want you to give a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. Thank you for singing for us, Sister D. Here [Music] [Music] is your blood. [Music] It paid my way. Death it. But when it flowed down from the cross, my sins were long. our sins for God. There is a grave and try to hide that preious blood. You gave me life. But in three days [Music] he breathed again. and rose to stand in my defense. So I come to tell you he's alive to tell you he will drive every tear that falls. [Applause] So I come to tell you that he saves, to shout and to proclaim. He is coming back again. There is a blood. It tides the blind. It heals the sick. you only find and it has the power to free every bound. Oh, it's chains they fall upon the ground. [Music] So pour it out. Cleanse my soul and let your live way. Your mercy flow because he lives to make me whole. I owe him my life. I owe my all. So I come to tell you he's alive. To tell you he will dry. Oh every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim. He is coming back for you. There is a blood. It sides the blind. It heals every sin. The lonely find. He has the power to free the bound as chase they fall upon the ground. So pour it out. You cleanse our souls and let your liquid. Let your grace flow because he lives to make us whole. We owe him our lives. We are all. So I come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that he dries oh every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves to shout and to proclaim he's coming back for you. [Music] No one can wash away my sin. Nothing but the blood. Nothing but his blood. What can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood. nothing but the blood. So I come to tell you he's alive to tell you he will guide every tear that falls. So I come to tell you that he saves, to shout, and to proclaim. He is coming back for you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful we have a blood this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And there is power, power, oh wonderwork working power in the blood, oh of the lamb. I know there's power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. There is power, power. There's wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. I know there's power, power, there's wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, would you be free? And would you be free from your burden of sin? Oh, there's power in the blood. There's still power in the blood. And would you worry, full of victory win? Oh, there's wonderful power. Oh, let's all stand and sing it this morning. Yes, there's power, power. There's wonder working power. It's in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. I know there's power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Boy, would you be wider, much wider than snow? Cuz there's power in the blood. No power in the blood. Oh, sin things are lost in his life giving flow. Oh, there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh yes, there's power, power, there's wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh yes, there's power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. Oh, last verse now. Oh, and would you be free from your Mr. King? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, would you live daily his praises to sing? Cuz there's one. There's power in the blood. I know there's power, power. [Music] Oh, in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. I'll sing that chorus again now. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, there's wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, don't you give a hand clap of praise this morning? Aren't you thankful there's still power as we invite our pastor this morning? And what can wash away my sins? Oh, nothing but the blood of my Jesus. Oh, what can make me whole again? Yes, nothing but the blood of my Jes. I'm singing, oh precious that flow. Oh that oh makes me as stone no other found I know. Oh nothing but the blood of my Jesus. And for my pardon this I see. Oh nothing but the blood of my Jesus. And for my cleansing this my plea. Oh, nothing. Oh, let's put our hands together this morning. [Music] Nothing but the blood. You see, there's nothing for sin at home. Oh nothing but the blood of my Jesus. Oh not of good that I have done. It's nothing but the blood of my Jes. I'm singing. Oh precious is that flow. Oh, that makes me mine as snow. No other counts I know. Oh, nothing but the blood of my Jesus. And this is all my hope and peace. Oh, nothing but the blood of my Jesus. And this is all my rightousness. Oh nothing but the blood of my cheeks. I'm singing. Oh precious is that flow. Oh that makes me white as snow. No other towns I know. Oh nothing but the blood of my she. Oh, for now by this I'll overcome. Yes, nothing but the blood of Jesus. For now by this I'll reach my hope. Yes, nothing but the blood of Jesus. I'm singing, oh precious is that oh that makes me fine as no other fountain I know. Oh nothing but the blood of Jes. I'm singing glory, gloryless I sing. Oh nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh, and all my praise for this I bring. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jes. I'm singing. Go. [Music] Nothing but the blood of Jesus will. Oh, how precious is the flow that makes me as no other found nothing but the love of Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship and want accord every praise, every praise is to our God. I say every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord, every praise. I may just praise the Lord this morning. Is true love for he my savior. He is my heer. He is God. My deliverer is he is God. Yes, he is my God. [Music] Yes, he's my God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word, every word in all praise, every praise, is to our God. Amen. How many come to give him glory this morning? Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one according praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. Glory. God my savior. He's God my healer. God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is in praise is to our God. Every word of course in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. I think he's worthy of it. He's a an awesome God. Amen. Worthy to be praised. You love the Lord this morning. just say it's good to be back in the house of the Lord and my just have a revival in our hearts and amen just enjoyed the uh meetings that we that we had last week and been hearing many reports and testimonies of what God done uh during the meeting and I know there's how many can raise your hand this morning say you was blessed or the touched by God during those meetings and certainly believe that God is is on the move and He's still dealing with people's hearts. He's still he's still calling those that are lost. He's still he's still pouring his spirit out upon his church. And so, we just certainly are privileged to be a part of the move of God. Amen. And to see what God is doing. And I just I always feel honored to think about it, you know, to say that I know God. And it's wonderful to know God. But it's even better, brother Wesley, to know that God knows you. Amen. He's so mindful of you that he had come by and preacher after preacher came and from different parts of the country. They didn't talk to each other before they came. There there was no huddle. They was they just huddled up in heaven. Amen. And the same God that dealt with one dealt with another. And every service it was to it just built my confidence and strengthened us in the word of God. And I just want to say thank you to the church and for all the efforts that you put forth uh to make the meeting possible and uh setting everything up and it was a lot of labor and and I want you to just go ahead and give a a hand clap to everybody else around you for all their effort that they put in. Amen. It's certainly a a blessing to be a part. So also want to make a special announcement this morning just to save the date. We do it every year the same date but the first Sunday of March uh we'll have our uh anniversary meeting and that'll be the last few days of February and the first Sunday of March. And then also I'd like to announce on December the 6th and December the 7th, Brother Homer Longorio will be here with us. We're going to have a Saturday night service and invite uh different ones from the area, maybe the young people around that would uh he's got quite a testimony and he's going to come minister for us and take the time and uh and certainly an elder in the in the gospel. And so we certainly look forward to that. So just be remembering those services. And if you have a need on your heart this morning, I know God is mindful. I don't know if they asked about the have prayer for brother Keith and their family. Um, but there's a hurricane that is the class four right now, category four, looking to be a category five. They live on the island of Jamaica. Our church has helped them out in in in their uh church and done some efforts there with them. And so I want to remember them in prayer. I was telling brother Joe in the back, I remember when I was in India one time and I've got the same picture that these brothers posted this morning of that hurricane overlooking that island. I've got that same picture in India and it it it was uh they were evacuated. I can't remember the the number, but it seemed like it was 1.2 million or something like that that was evacuated out of the city that we were in. And all the saints, we got together and went to pray in. I know people around the world were praying about it. And the next morning, I I got the newspaper article from the next morning after the hurricane. I've still got a copy of it at home. And it said the city of Visag had a miraculous escape. They called it the city of destiny that not even one drop of rain fell in the city that we were in. And here we were looking to be right in the the path of the storm. So I know that God is more than able. And I believe as believers, we have a right. There's saints of God that are on that island. And it may seem it must seem hopeless. I I know the feeling. It seems hopeless and scattered. Alarms going off and everybody looking for a little bit of a refuge. But there's one refuge I know that you can get into that can save you from every storm. So, we want to call on the Lord this morning on their behalf. And if you have a need on your heart, just lift your hand to God. I know that he's mindful of what we have need of. And I just want to invite you as a body of believers to pray for that church there. And let's just pray together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how privileged that we are, Lord, to be able to serve a God that is more than able. Lord, you're a God of every storm. Lord, you're the one that created the wind and the rain and the Lord. You You made the earth and the heavens, Lord. And God, we just ask you, Lord, that this morning, Lord, knowing that there is a body of believers that are in need. And Lord, we ask you to stay the storm. Lord, we pray that you would bring them through it safely. Lord, that you would make a way, God, that even though it would may seem hopeless and seem that it's outside of their power, but Lord, we know a power that is greater than any storm. And Lord, we just ask you to to have your way there, Lord. I pray the hand of God, Lord, would move upon the saints of God. And God, bring them into a refuge of safety, Lord, until the storm would pass over. Lord, I pray for every need this morning, Lord. Every heart, Lord, those that are in trouble, God, we know that you are mindful of what we have need of. And Lord, as we approach your word this morning, Lord, we just ask you that from it that we might draw strength, Lord, that we would leave this place. And Lord, we would be strengthened by your word. We'd be closer to you. And Lord, we just ask you to help us this morning to get out of the way, God, that you could have your liberty in this place. We pray these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. We want to invite you to the scripture to the book of Colossians. And we're going to read out of the first chapter and the 19th verse. Colossians 1:19. I think we lost power. Amen. God bless you. Thank you. Colossians 1 and9. Colossians 1 uh the 19th verse. And Lord's been put this on my heart after following the meetings. There was so many great services. It's just I've been feeding on it all week. went back and listened to some of those services and man, it's just a it's it's an awesome thing to know God. Amen. Isn't it? Amen. Certainly appreciate all that he does. I want to read out of this scripture. This is Apostle Paul and just the one verse of scripture I'll read. The Bible says, "For it pleased the father that in him should all the fullness dwell." And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word. I would like to take this as a title this morning. For it pleased the father. Paul said, "It pleased the father that in him should all the fullness dwell." You know, I think about a a true Christian or a believer this morning. I I can't think of any uh any real uh bornagain believer that wouldn't have a desire in their heart to be pleasing to God. How how many say that it's certainly it ought to be the desire of every heart? That's why Paul would say, he said, "We walk by faith and not by sight." We are confident, well pleased, rather to be absent from the body and to be present with the Lord. Therefore, we make it our aim, whether present or absent, to be well pleasing unto him. I wonder how many this morning could say that that that is my aim. It's my aim to be pleasing to God. I I aim in my actions. I want to be pleasing to God in my in my life. I want to be pleasing to God in my conduct. I want it to please God. Paul said that is our aim. We make it our aim to be pleasing to God. And you know with that kind of desire as a believer, you know, we go through many things. We go through many uh great trials. We God puts us uh uh uh trials on our life. The Bible says he chasens those that he loves. And uh and God he watches how we go through it. He sees how we're strengthened and how we grow. And uh you know, sometimes we fall and sometimes we're up and sometimes we're down. Sometimes we have a a great day. Sometimes we have a bad day. Preach it, somebody. And some days we're on the mountain. Sometimes we're in the valley. Sometimes we feel like we're saved. Sometimes we we feel like we're lost. Sometimes we feel like we're going to make it. Sometimes we don't think we can get through tomorrow. And and but but that's just the life or the human nature of our flesh. And uh but but Paul said, "In all of that, I make it my aim to be pleasing to God. I I may not get it all right. I may not say everything right. I may not I may not do everything just perfect, but my aim is to please God. And I I can say that this morning with an honest heart. My aim is to be pleasing to God. I want God to be pleased with me in everything that I do. And you know, I I thought of that, you know, how that it is our desire to be pleasing to God. And when you have that kind of desire, it brings you to this question that how can I be pleasing unto God if you don't know what God requires of you? So if we have a desire to be pleasing to God, then we must know what God requires of us so that we can be pleasing to God and be satisfied in that. And you know, I thought of that and it kind of took me to the the story of or or the the prophet Micah. How many remember Micah in the in the Old Testament he was one of the minor prophets here uh uh Micah just a few verses of scripture that he wrote. But Micah was a prophet during the time of Isaiah and and uh many of the theologians would say he was raised up under Isaiah or he must have said under Isaiah's ministry because his prophecies were uh in some in some places were identical to what Isaiah had prophesied. He prophesied to the northern uh kingdom of Israel and Judah and and so both the northern and the southern kingdom and uh but even even when Isaiah would prophesy that all of the Jew of Israel would worship in Jerusalem, Micah would say the same thing. And I thought, well, maybe he said under Isaiah and maybe he didn't. But the same God that told Isaiah uh that spoke to Isaiah, certainly the same God that spoke to Micah because they said the same thing. And and so here uh Micah being this minor prophet, he was born in a little village uh uh in over in Judah and uh spent some 50 some odd years prophesying to the kingdom of Israel. And uh and Micah was the one that God would use to call Israel whenever they would fall uh into this uh this idol worship and things that they you know isn't it something that it just seemed like every time they'd go a little bit with God before long they they'd get off track and they they had allow things to enter into their life and things would enter into enter into their homes and all the things that God called them out of. After a little while, they'd have a great revival and God would bring them out of it and he'd send a prophet and that that prophet he would lay down the law and they they'd get on track with God and after a little while they just kind of seem to go right back the same way. And so God would just send another man anointed with a message to bring them right back into line again. And so here here's where Micah finds the people of God. And and when he came there, I always love reading this because Micah says here, "O mountains and heels." He said, "Open up your ears, for the Lord has a controversy, you strong foundations of of the earth. The Lord has a controversy with his people and he will plead with Israel." And so here Micah is actually making a call to the mountains and a call to the hills and a call to the earth to be a witness of a case that God is bringing against his people. In other words, he said God has a controversy with him. And so, uh, he's going to plead, it's almost like a court case. He makes an indictment against his own people saying that they're not obeying the Lord. And so he's going to bring a formal charge. And so here he he makes a summon to the mountain and a summons to the hills and a summons to the earth to hear the case that God is going to bring. He said, "I have a controversy with the people of Israel." And I think what a scene this is here as as the mountains gather around and the hills gather and the earth begins together so that that that God can present his case. And he uses this prophet Micah to speak the case that God has. And and Micah comes out and he as he present begins to present God's case. And he said, "Oh people, what have I done unto thee? And where have I wearied thee? Testify against me." In other words, God asked them, "Where have I failed you that you don't serve me the right way? Where where did I let you down? At what point in your in your life did you call upon me that I didn't answer? Where where did I neglect you? and where have I forsaken you that you would worship other gods or you would allow these things in your life or where you would take your your life or your your your purpose and dedicate it uh to some other god. But where have I failed you? And so here God as he begins to plead his case, he said, "Was it not I that brought you out of the land of Egypt? Was it not I that delivered you when you was in bondage? Was it not I that when you were in blindness, I I established you and I and I shot I shone a light upon you to lead you out of darkness. Is it not the case of God this morning? How many of us could hear the voice of God? Would you say, "Was it not I that brought you out of sin? And was it not I that brought you out of the world? Is it not I that brought you into a into a church that believe the the word of God that that established the word of God in your life? that I not bring you out of bondage and bring you out of drugs and bring you out of alcohol and and bring you out of a life of destruction and a and a path that led to hell. Was it not I that led you and set your feet on on a rock, a firm foundation. And so God begins to establish this. He said, "Remember that I I brought you into this place and then I put people over you that would lead you the right way. I brought Miriam and I I brought Aaron and I brought M I brought Moses to you uh to be leaders among you and and then when they would come around to try to destroy you, did I not show you righteousness? You remember when Balam came and and and and he came to prophesy against you and he came to curse you and he was hired by that old king Baal. But did I not tell him that instead of cursing my people that you have to bless them anyway? Even when he seen your mistakes and he wanted to curse, I filled his mouth with blessings. When he saw your failures and he wanted to curse you, but I wouldn't let him speak a curse against you, but I made him bless you. And I allowed your righteousness to be shown. Am I Isn't that something? He here he's reminded them. I allowed your righteousness to be shown even amidst your failures and even amidst your faults and even amidst your mistakes that they would view. But in all of that, I allowed your righteousness to be what they would see. &gt;&gt; He said, "Where have I not been merciful? Have I not overlooked your sin?" And when they wanted to curse you, but I blessed you instead. But notice as God would remind them of this, here's how Israel responds. They said, "Well, what can we do to come before you? Shall we bow myself before a high God? Shall I come before him with burnt offerings or with calves that are a year old? Will the Lord be pleased with thousands of rams and 10,000 rivers of oil? Well, shall I give my firstborn for my transgression? Should I give the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul? See, their response is is, "What must I do to be pleasing to God?" Here, God has reminded me where I come from. God has reminded me what my purpose is. God has reminded me of my relationship between me and God. And then the answer is, "But God, what must I do to be pleasing in thy sight?" said, "Shall shall I give the fruit of my body to the sin of my soul?" But Micah said, he said, "But God has shown you," watch his answer. He said, "God has shown you what is good. And what does the Lord require of you? But to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God." Now, what an instruction that God requires of us today is to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with God. Brother said, "Oh church, don't you see where we where we've made our mistake?" He said, "You've been born again, but you're dillydallying in the world and the things of the world, and God can't put any confidence in you. That's the reason great gifts are not in the Baptist or the Methodist or the Presbyterian or the Pentecostal." He said, "It's because of the character of the church. It hasn't been pleasing to the father. I know it's I know it's a hard thing to think of, but it's the truth. He said, "The reason they don't have the great gifts of God is because the character of the church hasn't been pleasing to the father." He said, "But if you'll ever let that great ransom church of God straighten itself up and start back to believing in God the way they ought to and live like they ought to, you'll see God come on the scene with everything that he promised. It's right if you'll break down the barrier and come in, have fellowship and reason and love and preach and serve the Lord and see what will take place. Friends, let me tell you that wasn't for 1950 or 1960 or 1906. It's for 2025. If you want to see God moving in your life and the gifts of God operating in your life and God being able to use you as a believer, he said, then don't dillydally in the world and the things of the world, but let the world go by and the things of this life go BY AND GET BACK TO BEING AN OLD-FASHIONED HOLY GHOST fililled believer filled with the spirit OF GOD AND ALLOW GOD TO USE you and display and manifest himself in you and you'll see God just like you saw him before. &gt;&gt; What must I do? What does God require of me? To love God, to do justly, and to love mercy, and to walk humbly before your God. &gt;&gt; Isn't that what we want as a body of Christ? &gt;&gt; The promises of God and the gifts of God to be made manifest in us. That's the desire of us as believers. See, there's a reason you want that is because that's what God wants. &gt;&gt; There's a reason you desire that. God wants that. That's what our heavenly father desires of us. Listen what Paul's saying in in Colossians 1. He's speaking of Jesus. He said, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins, who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth." Watch, he's actually he's establishing the deity of the man Jesus. He said, "For by him all things were created that are in heaven and are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers." That ought to make us feel good about what's going on because there ain't a throne or dominion or a power that wasn't created by this man Jesus. He said by him all things that were created. That means there ain't no power that can overcome him. There ain't nothing that'll catch him off guard. It don't matter how bad the world gives. He said by him were all things created. He said all things were created by him. And the best part, he said and all things were created for him. It was for God's purpose that it was made. There ain't nothing out of cater. There ain't nothing out of order. There ain't nothing that's going to catch God off guard. It was created by him and it was created for him. Therefore, the things that are going on in this world, they won't do but one thing. They'll fulfill the very purpose of almighty God. &gt;&gt; He said, "And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. He is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence." Now, isn't it something? He goes right into what's pleasing to God pertaining to the Gentiles. He said, "See, first inn that God might have preeminence in this man Jesus Christ." That Jesus would have preeminence over the earth. And then he goes right in and he says, "And now it pleased the Father that in him should all the fullness dwell, having made peace through the blood of his cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself. By him I say whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. And you that were sometime watch he begins to reveal the purpose of the father. He said you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works. Yet now hath he reconciled in the body of his flesh through death to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in his sight. I thought my what a purpose that God had here. He said, "It pleased the father that in Christ should the fullness of God dwell." You know what that means to me? That means that all that God ever was was poured into the man Jesus Christ. That the fullness of God would dwell in Jesus Christ. It's important to catch the revelation of the fullness of God being poured. That means all the way back in the book of Genesis, the very creative power of God was poured into the man Jesus. The power to speak to storms was poured into Jesus Christ. The power to heal, it was poured into him. The power to cleanse, it was poured into him. The power to give life. The power to curse and the power to raise up. The power to give mercy. The power to give grace. THE POWER TO CURSE. THE POWER TO bind and the power to loose. It was poured into the man Jesus Christ. All the power that God ever had was poured out into this man. &gt;&gt; Paul is is establishing him as the deity of heaven. He is the great king of kings. He's the lord of lords. He's not only the son, but he's the created power of God upon the earth. He's establishing him as not only a heavenly power or in a heavenly throne, but he's establishing HIM AS AN EARTHLY power and having dominion over all the thrones and the power and principalities of the earth. &gt;&gt; He said, "And it pleased the father to give all of the fullness of God unto him." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And watch what he does. He said, "It pleased the father having made peace through the blood of his cross." &gt;&gt; It pleased the father, watch, he turns this into the purpose of God. It pleased the father that by him to reconcile all things unto himself, that by him I say, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. So, so he says, see, so when his purpose is fulfilled, then the father is pleased. &gt;&gt; So here he said it's pleasing to the father. What is it that his purpose is fulfilled? He said, "What was his purpose all the way down to the bottom of the chapter? His purpose was to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in God's sight." My isn't that a thought this morning to think that all the power of heaven, all the power of God was poured into the man Jesus that he may go to the cross of Calvary that he could reconcile you back to God for one purpose. so that he could present you an unclean, a filthy a person whose righteousness was as filthy rags. But he could present you as a as holy, as unblameable, as blameless, as unreprovable in the sight of God. &gt;&gt; He poured the power of heaven into Jesus Christ that Jesus would have the power to present you as a holy people. That makes me about want to shout this morning. TO THINK THAT HE HAD THE power to do it. HE HAD THE POWER TO CREATE. HE COULD HE COULD MAKE a fish where Peter could catch A BOATLOAD OF FISH. HE COULD TOUCH a a tree that wasn't putting off fruit. He could curse IT AND IT WOULD WITHER. HE COULD GIVE IT LIFE AND IT WOULD BRING FORTH. THAT same Jesus that had that power, had a purpose. It was to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in the sight of God. &gt;&gt; It ain't my power to do it. It was his power to do it. And friends, he had the power &gt;&gt; sir &gt;&gt; to be able to present you my but that's no wonder brother B said that was his three-fold purpose it was God in Christ and why he done that in order to show you what he could do with you. So the second part was Christ's preeminence in the church and then the third was the kingdom being restored upon the earth. So here God has a preeminence in you and when he has preeminence in you it pleases him. But that's something his first purpose it pleased him when the fullness was in Jesus. But then his second purpose was the preeminence in the church. So so see whenever God's purpose is fulfilled then he is pleased. &gt;&gt; So it pleases God for the preeminence to be in the bride of Jesus Christ. It pleases him. He's not disappointed when you get into your position. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I wonder how many could say this this morning. I want to be pleasing to God. Remember this is what Paul Paul's message was. And I preached a message on it a few months ago on Galatians the 4th chapter how Paul would talk about the son being placed as a son. He was not he started as a servant and he served as servants but one day he was adopted into being a son. Remember he said see when he's placed as a son he's no longer a servant but now the son could be about the father's business. Remember what it was? Remember I if a father he would raise up his child. If the father was a farmer, he would send a tutor over him to teach him how to farm and teach him how to raise crop and teach him when to put the seed in the ground and when to harvest. He would teach him these things that whenever the son would come to age, he would carry on the b the business of the father. If he was a banker, he'd teach him how to how to calculate and how to how to make good loans and how to how to balance the books and how how to do those things because he wanted to to to graduate into the father's business or or maybe he was a a salesman or something. He wanted to teach him how how to use the words right and how to say things just right so that so that he could take over the father's business. said, "See, so whenever the son comes to this place, he's coming to a place of actually being a son so that he could be he could take over the father's business." He said, "See, so now here we are today. What is our purpose as believers? Our purpose is to do what the father's business was here as sons and daughters of God. He's established us as sons of God that we could do the father's business." And I got news for you. Our father, he wasn't a banker. Our father wasn't a farmer. Our father, he wasn't A SALESMAN, BUT HE BUT he had a business. It was far greater than anything we could do upon this earth. But now, he said, "What was his business?" His business was to vindicate the word of God. He said, "And now his business has become our business." How many sons of God are here? How many daughters of God? He said, "So, his business has become your business this morning." So, if his business that you can just say it this morning, that means it's our business to have a tent revival. It's our business to have a meeting. It's our business to preach the gospel. It's our business to uh to preach salvation. It's our business uh to be able to uh to preach that GOD IS STILL A GOD of miracles. It's our business to say he's a healer of the sick. It's your business to lay hands on the sick and watch him recover. It's your business to take the name OF JESUS AND CAST DEMONS out of people's life. It's your business to be able to do the works of the father. &gt;&gt; Said it's our business. I know what the church world does. They they deny the power of God and they deny they deny that you being about the father's business. He said, "But something that there has to come something in you to bring you into this place of sunship. &gt;&gt; There has to something be born in you that takes you out of this nature of this old flesh and to cause you to have a new nature and take on the identity of your father that you could be about the father's business. that when you walk through this earth, this old this old treacherous world, brother Mark, that you can stand and say, "But I'm about my father's business." And so I got a right to stand in a face of a devil that would torment a little child and lay hands on the child. And the devil can't remain BECAUSE I'M ABOUT MY FATHER'S BUSINESS. And when you know your position as a son of God, then Satan has to flee from you. &gt;&gt; He knows who your daddy is. See, see, when I'm about daddy's business, I can't I can't help but something happened in me that caused me to be about my father's business. &gt;&gt; See, the the world denies the power of God. It denies the Holy Ghost. They You know what they do? They'll I might get myself in trouble this morning, but it's the truth. They put on a really good image. They they put up a pretty church and and and play some pretty music and and get a a good sophisticated speaker to be able to come and make everybody feel good. Everything today is all about self-help and motivation and and to get some motivational speakers in the in the church. Try to try to just motivate everybody to feel good. Let me tell you friend, you couldn't motivate anybody anyway. There ain't nothing you could say that would motivate somebody. If somebody's motivated, it's only because they motivated themsel in the word of God. That's the only real motivation we could have. It would come from God. It would come from the WORD OF GOD. EVERYTHING ELSE will fail. IT'LL FAIL YOU. IT'LL FALL ON ITS FACE. YOU'LL NEVER MAKE IT ANOTHER DAY. But if you never get a HOLD OF THIS, BROTHER MARK, IT'LL CAUSE YOU TO BE ABLE TO STAND AS A SON OF GOD. It don't matter what kind of business you have. I don't care what you sell. I don't care what you build. I don't care where you work. If you could ever have this, brother Mark, it'll motivate you to get through life. It'll cause you to go on the job force and be a son of God. IT'LL CAUSE YOU TO WALK DOWN THE STREET AND BE A DAUGHTER of God, motivated by God's by God's word. You see, they they they they they deny the power of God, which gives you the ability to be about the father's business. You know, it's the truth because the church world denies a new birth. You know that that that the denominational world, they deny a filling of the Holy Ghost. You know, they well, you know, that was for the disciples and they, you know, after all that was for the apostles, the Holy Spirit, it fell upon them. But, but God couldn't allow the spirit, you mean the very spirit of God is going to dwell in the soul of a human being? You mean the very life of God? Is that so far? My what a far-fetched thought that the life of the creator God that came down into the man Jesus that that same spirit that ascended, it came down to the earth and it would dwell in the heart of every one of these believers. You mean to tell me THE SPIRIT OF GOD CAN DWELL IN A HUMAN BEING? YES, SIR. &gt;&gt; But they deny it as a supernatural power. Isn't that what Mary done? Remember when Jesus was down there in the temple that day? And here whenever his mother came to him. You notice what she said? She said, "We've been looking for you for days." She said, "Your father and I, we've been looking for you. Why would you put us through this?" You notice what she done? But said, "Here's what she done. She denied his supernatural birth." Said, "So, because she denied his supernatural birth, he couldn't." It's the same thing the world has done today. They've denied a supernatural birth. You can be a Christian. You can go to church. You can sit in the temple. You can raise your hand. You can praise God. But they deny a supernatural birth. They don't go into a new birth. Said, "See, and because she done that, she denied the birth of the word. It's easy to take everything else. I'll take going to church. I just can't take the birth of the word. I'll take I'll take raising my hand. I'll take putting a little money in the offering plate. I just can't I just can't accept the birth of the word." He said, "That's the same thing Mary done. She denied the birth of the word." He said, "And because that but watch what Jesus done." He said, "Don't you know that I must be about my father's business?" Said, "HERE WAS THE CHURCH COMING TO HIM SAYING, "Where have you been? Your father and I, we've been looking." Isn't that just the way? Don't that just sound like an organization to come over and brood over everybody and keep them in line and why'd you preach that? And why'd you say that? And that ain't what was on the pamphlet. And y'all need to stay in line with the organization. AND Y'ALL NEED TO KEEP GOING. Y'ALL NEED TO SAY IT LIKE I SAY IT OR you know, REPEAT IT LIKE THE BISHOP SAID IT. YOU NEED TO PRAY LIKE THE LIKE THE BISHOP PRAYS. &gt;&gt; HE SAID, "BUT I MUST BE ABOUT MY FATHER'S BUSINESS." &gt;&gt; He said, "See what happened?" He said, "The word came and corrected the church." Friends, let me tell you, that's a that's a mouthful right there. The church ain't coming to correct the word. The word comes to correct the church. He took the hierarchy of it and tore it down to its roots. He said, He said, "I must be about MY FATHER'S BUSINESS." WOMAN, LISTEN TO ME. I MUST BE ABOUT MY FATHER'S BUSINESS. WHO ART THOU, OH GREAT WOMAN, THAT WOULD DENY THE POWER OF GOD? WHO ART THOU, OH GREAT CHURCH THAT WOULD DENY THE POWER OF GOD AND THE INDWELLING OF THE HOLY SPIRIT in the children of almighty God? &gt;&gt; I must be about my father's business. &gt;&gt; Said the word came and corrected the church. So what is the father's business? Said it's to fulfill what the scripture said about him. &gt;&gt; Moses said the Lord your God shall raise up a prophet among you like it unto bee. He had to fulfill it. Isaiah said, "A virgin shall conceive." The Bible said, "The lame would leap like a heart. The blind would see. The dumb would speak. He must fulfill what the word said about him." See, it was his father's business to fulfill what the word had spoken of him. But say, "See, if that was the father's business, so if that's the father's business for Christ to fulfill the word, then what do you think his business is now?" &gt;&gt; Ain't that right, sister Lillian? Is if that was his business then, what is his business now? Brother said, "A spirit has come upon the bride to do the same things that he did." &gt;&gt; My isn't that powerful? &gt;&gt; If it was his business then, what is his He hadn't he hadn't gotten into a new business. &gt;&gt; He don't just jump from thing to thing. This ain't this ain't our God. But if that was his business then, that's his business now. &gt;&gt; Isn't it something that even as a boy as a young boy that he would be able to say, "But I must be about my father's business." But said, "Isn't it something?" He was so young. He said, 'But even the word when it was in its infancy, it still yet spake for itself. Said, "No, don't you know that I must be about my father?" I thought, "My isn't it something?" If the word in its infancy could say, "I've got to be about my father's business." Then what about a word in its maturity? &gt;&gt; How much more aren't we in this age to be able to look at the world and say, "But I must be about my father's business." Don't let Satan rob you of what the father's business is. I must be about my father's business. what we're doing is ordained of God before the foundation of the world. IT'S WHAT GOD HAS CALLED us to. We don't need permission. I don't need no man to sign off on it. I don't need an organization TO BACK US TO SAY WE HAVE A RIGHT TO DO IT. BUT WE MUST BE ABOUT OUR FATHER'S BUSINESS. &gt;&gt; For we're sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; So, see, we must be about our father's business. And that's the secret of the message is the father's business. And the bride, see, what she's going to do, she's going to fulfill the what the word said about it. That's what he done. So what that's that's what we'll do. Whatever the word said about you, you must fulfill. &gt;&gt; Now, isn't that something? Can I just make this plain this morning? &gt;&gt; The father's business is for you to fulfill what the word said about you. &gt;&gt; That's how you're about the father's business. How how can I be pleasing unto God? Fulfill what the word said about you. &gt;&gt; He said she'd lay hands on the sick and they recover. So lay hands on the sick and watch them recover. It's pleasing to the father because you're fulfilling what the word said about you. &gt;&gt; He said in my name they would cast out devils. Fulfill what the word said about you. She would she would be holy. How? By the blood of Jesus Christ. She would be unblameable by the blood of Jesus Christ. She would be unreprovable in his sight. I want to fulfill what the word said about me. &gt;&gt; See, we're in the father's business to vindicate what the prophets &gt;&gt; have written. Do I have a few minutes? So that means we got to vindicate the whole scripture. I don't I'm not going to go through them all, but it don't matter what it is. You see what the world does that but it's okay, but I don't want to vindicate all the scripture. That's where Satan comes in. Well, that ain't the father's business no more. When they come in and deny scripture and say, "Well, I don't believe in that." And you know, somebody asked me the other day, "Where where can you find uh uh uh brother Brandham in the Bible?" One of the boys asked me, you know, "Where can you find Brother Bam in the Bible?" I said, he said, "Does it take a revelation?" I said, "No, that don't even take a revelation. Anybody can read can read that. All you got to do is go to Ephesians the 4th chapter and read it. The Bible says he gave some he called some uh uh pastors and teachers and preachers and apostles and prophets. I said Paul said that God sent him to the church. So for you to accept a a prophet is as easy as accepting a pastor. That that that that don't take a great revelation if you can look at a man and say he's a pastor. He's a God-cent pastor because you believe he's anointed of God. So it doesn't take a great revelation. But what the world does, it just cuts part of it out and say, "Well, I'll take a pastor and I'll take an evangelist and an apostle and we'll call them teachers, but we don't use the word prophet no more." Even though Paul said it was a part of the five-fold ministry. &gt;&gt; So, see, so God sent it all. So, we just accept that God sent it. So, then, so, so it makes it this is all free, but it makes it easy to be able to see that a prophet is just one that prophesies. That ain't hard to see. Matter of fact, Amos 3:7, he said, "Surely the Lord will do nothing unless he first would reveal it to his prophet." &gt;&gt; He would never do anything in this world unless he would first send a prophet to be able to reveal it. So that that that ain't a hard thing to see. A man that prophesies is a prophet. So the question is not whether there's a prophet or not. The Bible says there's prophets. The question is is whether a prophet is a true prophet or a false prophet. That's where the question is. And so you say, "Well, how do you determine that?" Will you see if what he said really took place? &gt;&gt; Can I make it any easier? So if he said I if a prophet prophesied, that's why these brothers was ministering saying that 8,000 times recorded on tape that a prophet of God was took look at somebody's life and tell them where they came from and what their name was and where they're from. And not one time out of 8,000 times did the person say, "No, sir, you're wrong. That ain't right. That ain't my name." But every time they said, "That ain't nothing but the truth." &gt;&gt; So right out of the Bible, that's an easy thing to see. that God that God that God has a prophet. So we want to vindicate every scripture &gt;&gt; to be about the father's business is to accept every scripture. It's to vindicate Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Bram said, "Vindicate all of his word to v vindicate Revelations 10th chapter, the opening of the seals, the opening of the seals and the mysteries of God, even the serpent seed, all would be manifested, marriage and divorce, all these other mysteries that's been hid under the pillars for all these years from theologians and so forth. But now, it's the hour that is the father's business." So all of this time that these things have been healed, hid mysteries of God that have been hid down through the ages, it's been hid. He said, "But it's now the hour." That's the father's business. Now, isn't it something to live in the hour that the father's business would be fulfilled? Friends, let me tell you, don't you put it off for another day. It ain't for another generation. It ain't for a day gone by. It ain't FOR ANOTHER PERSON. I SAY IT'S FOR YOU THIS MORNING. IT'S FOR EVERY BORN AGAIN SON AND DAUGHTER OF GOD. IT'S THE HOUR TO VINDICATE. JOHN 14:12, "THE WORKS THAT I DO SHALL YOU DO ALSO." IT'S THE HOUR TO VINDICATE JESUS CHRIST IS THE SAME YESTERDAY, TODAY, AND FOREVER. IT'S THE HOUR OF LAYING ON THE HANDS. IT'S THE HOUR AT THE NAME OF JESUS THAT DEMONS WOULD FLEE. IT'S THE HOUR THAT BIBLE PROPHECY IS FULFILLED. IT'S THE HOUR THAT THE SON OF GOD IS MADE MANIFEST. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; Won't somebody praise the Lord this morning? I SAID THIS IS THE HOUR. It's the hour that the father's business is being done in this age. It's the hour that the death would hear the words of THE BOOK. IT'S THE HOUR OF THE REVEALING OF THE SON OF MAN. IT'S THE HOUR THAT THE BRIDE WOULD BE IN HER POSITION. IT'S THE HOUR OF THE COMING OF THE LORD. IT'S THE HOUR THAT THE RAPTURE IS AT HAND. &gt;&gt; It's the hour of Malachi 4. It's the hour of the coming of Elijah. It's the hour that the heart of the children will be turned back to the fathers. &gt;&gt; It's the hour of a restoration of faith. &gt;&gt; Said it's the hour of the father's business. &gt;&gt; This is the hour we live in. Ain't that right? This is the hour &gt;&gt; that the faith of the church. You realize what it would take to make a rapture. &gt;&gt; It would take faith. Isn't it something that God would say before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord? Before the coming of this great day of judgment, when there wouldn't be a stone left upon a stone, when all the world would be burned over, but before that, behold, I will send unto you Elijah the prophet before the coming of this great and dreadful day. What was his purpose? It was to turn the hearts of the children back to their fathers. In other words, it would take them back to the original faith. &gt;&gt; You see, the very thing that we needed for a rapture was faith. Isn't it something that God would send that in the last day before there would be judgment? He would send what was needed to give faith. &gt;&gt; In other words, God don't want you to miss out of the rapture. So, he brought the very thing that would restore faith. I'll say it like this. Not only did he bring the very thing that would restore faith, he brought the only thing that would restore faith. There ain't no other church, there ain't no other teaching, there ain't no other revelation outside of the message of the hour that'll ever take a bride into the rapture. I know people say that. Well, you know, oh gosh, help me. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There ain't nobody can live above the the pastor. They got the greatest revelation. Let me tell you, there God couldn't give you a revelation greater than this message. &gt;&gt; I'm just being plain to you this morning. He couldn't give you a greater revelation. That's the greatest revelation that you can find is in the message. It's what brought rapturing faith to the bride of Jesus Christ. Listen what Jesus said. You see here when when he would when he would speak of his coming he said when the son of man comes he said shall I find what? &gt;&gt; Faith. &gt;&gt; Shall I find faith when I return? &gt;&gt; You see the concern. What's missing in the world today? Shall I find faith? He said see that was the question. It wasn't will I find churches. There's all kinds of churches. Not will I find sincerity or will I find teachers or will I find them preaching the Bible? Will I find them doing this? He said will I find faith? He said, "Not will I find power." They've got power. &gt;&gt; The church has more power than it's ever had. He said, "But what you need is faith to positionally know where you are in Christ and then yield yourself to it." &gt;&gt; You say, "Yield yourself to what?" Yield yourself to your position in Christ Jesus. &gt;&gt; Have faith in the position that God has called you to &gt;&gt; and yield yourself to that position and then watch God use you. &gt;&gt; You think God's using you now, just yield yourself into that position and see what God does with you. out in the marketplace. It don't matter wherever you are or what you do. You'll be the greatest there ever was at it when you yield to the Holy Ghost and to the purpose of God. Said yield to your position in Christ. Said, see, think about said what he could have asked, he could have just said, will Malachi 4 be fulfilled during this time? He said, instead of saying, will I find faith, he could have just said, will Malachi 4 be fulfilled? &gt;&gt; Because that's where faith come from. &gt;&gt; It was a restoration of faith. He says to restore the faith of the children back to the faith of the fathers, the original word. See, so when he comes, will he find Malachi 4 fulfilled? This is what Jesus was asking. Will I find that the message has gone forth? Will I find that this ministry of Elijah has reached its mark? Will I find that the faith of the people has been restored? Will I find that there has been an ear to hear it? Will I find there's been an eye to be able to see it? Will I find the faith of God restored in the hearts of God's believing children? See, the message restores faith. Not faith in a man, &gt;&gt; not faith in a prophet. That's right. &gt;&gt; Can I just be blunt? The message restores faith in God. &gt;&gt; What's missing in this world, this message restored faith in almighty God. &gt;&gt; It restored the faith that people instead of looking to a church and instead of looking to a religion, instead of that people get so mixed up, they get pastor religion and and and preacher religion to where they're following after somebody and they'll make a deity out of a man. It don't matter what he says. It's thus sayeth the Lord. It don't matter if it don't come to pass. But but that ain't what he's calling us to. He's calling us to a faith. The message is to restore faith in God. &gt;&gt; He says, "So turn your hearts back to the original father, not our earthly father, our grandfather, great grandfather, but the original father." It's a turning BACK TO OUR HEAVENLY FATHER. THE FAITH OF GOD THAT WOULD BE BACK in the heart of the believer again. said our faith in God. It's what it's restoring is our faith in God and in his ability to use man. See, that's what the church would need for a rapture is faith. And that's just what the message provided. &gt;&gt; My have you ever noticed that whenever you sit down and listen to a message, you get to the end of one of those sermons and the prophet of God begins to discern hearts. How many listen to that and immediately it gives you faith? &gt;&gt; There's something about it. It does something super I said how many I mean, come on. Y'all got to be better than that. How many does it give you faith? But it it's something supernatural that takes place to see the hand of God moving. The purpose of it was to restore faith. It was to return our hearts. And says, "See, we got the best doctors we've ever had. We got the best hospitals, got the best drugs we've ever had, we've ever practiced with, but yet we have more sickness than we've ever had. We've got the worst, you know, we have the uh the the worst uh sickness we've ever had." He says, "Not we got the best doctors, got the best medicine, got the best scientists, all that's better, but sickness is worse." He said, "The reason it's worse is because we got the worst pull pits that we've ever had. The churches are weaker than they've ever been. The pull pits are the weakest we've ever had. They may be the best churches, the best educated men you've ever had, but we've got the weakest churches that we've ever had. And there's more sin than the world has ever known of. Friends, I could take an hour telling you about what the world has done and the things of the world has done to the churches that that was supposed to be churches of God where they used to be powerhouses and standing upon the word of God. But the weakness and the deceitfulness of Satan has inhabited the pull pits of what's supposed to be God's men and they became weak pullpits and weak churches and the church is filled with sin and things OF THE WORLD. BUT THANK GOD THAT HE WOULD SEND A MESSAGE in this HOUR THAT WOULD SAY GET BACK TO THE FAITH OF GOD AND RESTORE THE STRENGTH OF GOD TO THE PULLPIT AND PUT MEN OF GOD THAT LIVES ARE WORTHY OF THE GOSPEL THAT CAN SURRENDER TO THE HOLY SPIRIT AND ALLOW GOD TO LEAD HIS CHURCH. &gt;&gt; WE ain't looking to be LED BY MEN. WE'RE LOOKING to be led by God. &gt;&gt; The ideas of men and thoughts of men is for days gone by when it comes to believers. I want to be led of God. I ain't looking to be led of men. And I ain't looking to be pampered. This ain't no pampered hybrid church. It's a body of believers that takes the word of God and restores their faith that one day we CAN WALK OUT OF THIS EARTH AND GO RIGHT UP INTO THE HEAVENS. &gt;&gt; IT'S A RAPTURING CHURCH. It's a rapturing bride with a restored faith in the word of God. &gt;&gt; Our faith is not in men. &gt;&gt; Our faith is in God's word. &gt;&gt; Said we got the worst pullpits. It's the weakest we ever known. He said, 'The reason it's so weak is because there's more sin than the world has ever known of. He said, "What is sin?" It's unbelief. &gt;&gt; The Bible said, "He that believeth not is condemned already. It's unbelief." He said, "There's your sin." He said, "See, not spoken and drinking, that's just attributes of unbelief." But you're a sinner because you don't believe. It's no wonder Satan attacks this message so much because the message restores faith and faith gives you power over unbelief. So, if this is the worst age of unbelief, worth worse than it's ever been, &gt;&gt; then no wonder there's such an attack upon this message &gt;&gt; is because this is the only thing that'll give you faith to overcome that unbelief. He said it's pleasing. &gt;&gt; It's pleasing to the father. &gt;&gt; Can I wrap this up? It's pleasing to the father. &gt;&gt; He said what he wanted to do, he loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; Yes, it is. &gt;&gt; For he was a father &gt;&gt; and the only way he could express himself in that it was to become a son. Amen. That's the reason Jesus kept saying son of man. They didn't understand what he was saying. Said, but that's the reason he kept saying son of man. He said, now now we get it. See, he wanted to express himself. That was his one of his great three-fold purposes was to express himself, identify himself with human beings, to reveal himself in Christ. See, so if it pleased God, brother Mark, that the fullness of God would dwell in Christ, then how much more does it please God, that the fullness of Christ would be poured into this gentile church. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you that's right in the Bible? &gt;&gt; Paul said, "Because Christ in you is the hope of glory." &gt;&gt; But said, "If the life of Jesus Christ lives in the person, they become identified with him. It's Christ in you. Not a church member, not a system, but a resurrected power. It's the Holy Ghost is a token upon you that your life says amen to every scripture. The promises that are written in there and you are not yourself anymore, but you are Christ and you don't even think your own thoughts. Oh friends, whenever you get to a place that you can read the word of God and even when you don't understand it, but something in you said, "That ain't nothing but the truth. It's God's word. I don't know how I can live it, but I'm going to live it because God said it. I don't know how I can do it, but I'm going to do it cuz GOD SAID IT. I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT, BUT I'M GOING TO AMEN IT BECAUSE GOD SAID IT. BECAUSE CHRIST IN YOU IS THE HOPE OF GLORY. He said, "You're not yourself no more. You are Christ. The life that was in Christ is in you. The mind that was in Christ that was in you. And the works that were in Christ is in you &gt;&gt; because Christ himself is in you. As a believer, you are dead. Your life is hiding God through Christ, sealed in there by the Holy Ghost. And no longer are you your own, but you are his. Somebody say, "I am his." &gt;&gt; You're not your own, but you ARE HIS BECAUSE HE DWELLETH IN YOU. &gt;&gt; The fullness of God poured into his church. &gt;&gt; Oh friends, don't you realize that when he said you're dead, your life in God is hid in God through Christ, sealed in by the Holy Ghost, and now you're not your own. And now, Brother Benji, you've obtained the greatest gift that God has ever given to this earth. Friends, let me tell you, there's a lot of things that men are looking for. They're looking for great gifts. Oh, they want the gifts of prophecy or the the gifts of tongues or or the gifts of healing. ALL ALL THESE GREAT GIFTS THAT MEN are looking for. But do you realize the greatest gift that God ever gave? It was the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It was even greater than Jesus Christ coming to the earth. For by Christ, the Holy Ghost came. &gt;&gt; Said it was the greatest gift that God ever gave. He died that he might that he might come. His son died that he might come. He said he came by the Holy Spirit when they called him be elabub. Jesus said you can speak evil against me and I'll forgive you. But there's one coming after me and not one word ever spoken against it'll never be forgiven in this world or in the world to come. It's the greatest gift that God has ever given to the world was the Holy Spirit. Brother Bam said and here it is. And this is a greater day than that was the Holy Spirit working universally in his church. I to think about that this morning that in the days of Jesus, the Holy Spirit was poured into Christ and he worked throughout Jerusalem and Judea and Samaria and everywhere he walked. The works of God was EXPRESSED IN HIM. HE SAID, "BUT THIS IS A GREATER DAY THAN THAT WAS BECAUSE THE WORKS OF JESUS CHRIST are being WORKED UNIVERSALLY IN THE CHURCH OF THE LIVING GOD." FRIENDS, let me tell you, WE'RE NOT LIVING IN THE PAST. WE'RE NOT LIVING IN HISTORY. This ain't a God OF DAY GONE BY. I THANK GOD WE'RE LIVING IN THE REVELATION OF THE MESSAGE OF THE HOUR AND THE REVEALED WORD OF GOD THAT'S BEEN OPEN TO THE HEARTS OF EVERY believer that the that the life of Jesus Christ could be manifested in them. He said it's a greater day the word the the the the the Holy Spirit working in his church today. He said you think of it think of it that you're living in the greatest day that there ever was. &gt;&gt; You've received the greatest gift that God ever sent. Now, ain't that powerful? I know we ask God for things, but do you realize the greatest thing you could pray for? &gt;&gt; The greatest thing you could ever ask God for was the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Why? Because it's the life of God. &gt;&gt; You see, it's we received the greatest gift. You realize that was the revelation that was the revelation of Paul's mystery. &gt;&gt; Listen. He said, even the mystery which hath been hid, I'm gonna close with this. Even the mystery which has been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of his mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. &gt;&gt; I think this is powerful how Paul words this. the riches of the glory of this mystery. Riches comes from that Greek word Plutos which means to be valuable or a treasure or something of great wealth. So here Paul was saying there is a glory of this mystery. He's talking about God moving among the Gentiles here for so long that it never happened. It was a mystery to the church. how that God that that called Israel his people and God that created this great nation that God would have another nation outside of that whenever whenever whenever that these were the people of God he says so here lays this great mystery he said but there's a glory of this mystery but the value of the glory is Christ dwelling in you &gt;&gt; Christ in you is the value of the mystery Christ in you is the treasure of the mystery of God isn't that powerful that's the very treasure when you talk about the mystery of God being revealed in a gentile. Paul said, "But the treasure of it is Christ in you." The treasure is the same God that was poured into Christ has been poured into the church. THAT'S WHERE THE VALUE IS. It's not the power that you have. It's not the ability that you have. IT'S NOT WHO YOU BECOME, BUT IT'S THAT GOD THAT CREATED THE HEAVEN AND EARTH. BUT WE be willing TO POUR HIMSELF INTO A BODY OF PEOPLE. It's the treasure &gt;&gt; of the of the mystery of God. It's no wonder the Bible would say he's a treasure in earth and vessels. Brother Joe's message. It's no wonder he said that. He said because the same treasure that was in Jesus is the same treasure that's been poured into you. It's the treasure of the glory of the mystery. It was Christ in you. Friend, don't you realize that's always been God's plan is to bring a revelation of himself among the Gentile people. He was first made known to the Jews, then he was made known to the Gentile. He said, see, and that's what God is, think back. That's what God is still doing today. He is making known the riches of his glory. He's making known that's what God every time he pours his spirit I'm I'm just going to say it. But every time he pours his spirit out and one of you young people, it's God making known the riches of his glory. Every time you see a young heart that's been drugged around BY SOME DENOMINATION and all of a sudden the spirit of the Lord begins to deal with their HEART AND THEY COME OUT OF ALL THAT and they recognize WHO THEY ARE AND THEIR IDENTITY IS REVEALED AND GOD POURS HIS SPIRIT INTO THEM. IT'S GOD MAKING KNOWN THE RICHES OF HIS GLORY. It's the riches of God being made known in you. Friends, let me tell you. Let me tell you, there's signs of the riches of God's glory. &gt;&gt; I remember brother Dave sending me a picture here a while back. He said, "If I if I ever he make a joke, he said, "If I if I ever won millions of dollars," he said, "I wouldn't tell nobody, but there'd definitely be signs." Had a picture of a bologn sandwich. The baloney was about that thick. Said there'd definitely be signs. But I'd have better signs than that. But but but if I ever but if I had wealth, there'd be signs. If you had if you if you were given great wealth, there there'd be there be God bless you, brother Dave. Thank you, buddy. There's signs. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother Wes. God bless you, brothers. Oh, man. There be signs. So, see, so that you couldn't God couldn't bestow upon you that it wasn't that it wasn't something after a little while that it would be displayed. And that's the same thing with a Holy Ghost believer. He said he's making known the riches of his glory. So, I say this this morning that it there are signs. &gt;&gt; You're not going to be a Holy Ghost believer without having signs there. If God is putting upon you the riches of his glory, there's going to be signs there. The riches of his glory will be made known. It it it's a treasure that God has bestowed upon you and you can't hide it. And since you can't hide it, brother Wesley, you know what you do? You may as well just show it off a little bit. If God blessed you with the Holy Ghost, well, you may as well just show it off. Don't hide it from the world, but you can walk around and you can display it. Let it be manifested. Don't be ashamed of it, but you can wear it proudly knowing that it's the TREASURE IN EARTH AND VESSEL. IT'S THE very riches of God's glory that has been bestowed upon you. Friends, if you had a great treasure, you'd display it. &gt;&gt; Ain't that what a queen when the queen comes out into her court. And my what what does she have? She's got this great crown and and great brooch, you know, that was handed down from Elizabeth II in 1952 whenever she whenever she brought that brooch in and all all these jewels and the emeralds and the rubies and the diamonds and and rings on every finger. And what is she doing? She's displaying the wealth of the crown and showing her identity as a queen. That, you know, I thought be, you know, we may not be a natural queen, but we're we're a heavenly queen. We we may not be a queen in the earth like that. We're not a an earthly queen, but we're the queen of heaven. And she's adorned with greater treasures than rubies and diamonds and gold a and silver. She's got a greater treasure. She can walk around, brother Mar. And you know what she displays? She displays the love of God, the mercy of God, the peace of God. And when people WALK AROUND HER, SHE SAY, "LOOK AT THIS ONE HERE. THAT'S FORGIVENESS. YOU KNOW WHAT? I GOT THAT FROM MY LORD. AND LOOK AT THIS ONE. THAT'S MERCY. AND I GOT IT FROM MY LORD. AND LOOK AT THIS. IT'S THE GRACE OF GOD. AND LOOK WHAT'S WEARING AROUND MY NECK SO PROUDLY. THIS IS THE HOLINESS OF MY FATHER. SHE'S BEEN ADORNED WITH THE TREASURES THAT GOD has given her in this hour. The riches of his glory has been shown upon her. the love of God, the faith of God. She's got gentleness on the ring finger. She's got kindness on her right hand. She's she she's been adorned with God's grace in an earthly queen, you know what she has? She has that great crown that she wears on coronation day. It's the crown jewel. And but but you know when the queen of heaven, you know what the Bible said? But this queen of heaven, he said in that day, Isaiah said, "Shall the Lord of hosts be for a crown of glory." We're not wearing some natural crown. But he said, "But in that day shall the Lord of hosts be for a crown of glory." Brother Ram said, "What was he speaking of in this great day that when the witness would come?" He said, "What is our crown? It's the Holy Spirit that crowns us. It'll be a crown of glory for a diadem of beauty under the residue of his people." Friends, you know what that tells me? This crown that God gave you, it wasn't given by a man. IT WAS GIVEN BY GOD. SO WEAR IT PROUDLY. IT WAS GOD THAT BESTOWED upon you the Holy Spirit. So wear IT PROUDLY. YOU AIN'T GOT TO be ashamed to be a DAUGHTER OF GOD. YOU AIN'T GOT TO BE ASHAMED TO BE A son of God. Let the world do what they want to. But I PROUDLY STAND AND SAY, "I BELIEVE the word of God. I believe the message of THE HOUR. I'M A HOLY GHOST FIL SON AND DAUGHTER OF GOD. I'M GOING TO STAND UPON GOD'S WORD. AND I'M GOING TO WEAR PROUDLY THE RICHES OF GOD'S GLORY." &gt;&gt; It was him that bestowed upon you. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? I'm going to wear it and not be ashamed of it. &gt;&gt; It's your glory to God. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Is to wear what he has adorned you with. You know, we do many things to give glory to God. &gt;&gt; We raise our hands. We praise him. We sing songs. We worship. We pray. They're all good things. But then after all that, seems like sometimes things happen in our life. God allows trials and &gt;&gt; one day you're in a revival and then all of a sudden it seems like all that all those great things have been taken out of your life and your joys faded. &gt;&gt; You ever notice that? &gt;&gt; Can I give you something to take home with &gt;&gt; or take home with you? Said see when Jesus said I am the true vine and my father is the husbandman. And every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, are you ready? He taketh away the one that don't bear fruit. But the ones that does bear fruit, he purges them &gt;&gt; to make it bring forth more. &gt;&gt; Because sometimes we feel like, I've done everything right. I've been serving God. I I I've been believing. I've been praying. I've been at church. I've done everything. And it seems like everything else is going wrong. Why? Why is God not blessing me? Why is God bringing these curses? It's not curses. Listen to what Jesus said. He said, "The ones that bear fruit, he will purge them that it may bring forth more fruit." &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? What a husband. You know what a husband does? He would come in to the vine to dress it. I was reading an article on on a good husbandman and how that a husbandman would prune for the for the better of the vine. said the husbandman when he looks at a vine, his purpose is to prune it so that it will have correct structure and balance. So he ain't just going around just cutting off random things, but he's intentionally cutting things. And I love this. It says the first thing that a husbandman does is he comes into the vine and he removes all the old wood. &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; All the old wood. So go ahead. Let just let God take it all away. All the past and all the things you done and all the things that that that all the old habits and the old nature. The first thing he does, he just comes and cuts all that right out of your life. Now there ain't no old dead wood. Said then he would come and he would limit the fruitbearing wood because if he allows it to bloom fully, it will rob the vine of its future potential. Isn't that powerful? says, "So he would limit the fruit bearing wood." So here's some that was supposed to bring forth fruit. And a good husbandman would remove the majority of the previous year's growth. Often removing 70 to 90% of last year's growth. Ain't that something? All the way through last year, I went through revival. I've been growing in the word. I got all the way this far. And then sometimes it feels like we're going backwards. said, "But a good husband will even take up to 90% of last year's growth off of the vine so that this year it can bring forth more." &gt;&gt; Isn't that a revelation? He says, "So he would do it to prevent overcropping and ensure the remaining fruit ripens properly. Otherwise, it would just produce up a whole bunch. It would die. Couldn't be used. It couldn't couldn't be fruitful. And then after he would prune off last year's growth to allow for more growth, he would start to shape and manage. So the purpose of the shaping and managing, he begins to encourage new growth. So he cuts away last year's growth, a big majority of it. Take you back. He prunes off. Purging. Prunes things out of your life. Purging. Taking you back to get you back to this foundation again. Now you're stronger than you was. You're going to grow better than you did last year. may seem like you went backward. It's just being purged. Said then now this year he begins to manage your growth. It encourages new growth and new shoots will emerge from you or from the the buds and it all the all the canes and spurs that was left on it will begin to to produce. Said see most of the time the the pruning is done in the winter months. Isn't that something? He'd allow coldness to come into the vine so that it would the life would begin to seemingly diminish and then he could prune it away. Said he won't prune prune it when it's flourishing. But every now and then in the summer months if necessary a good husband will prune off something even in the warm months. Even in a revival sometimes he'll keep it from getting a little wild. He may prune a little off, but generally he'll wait till there's a little coldness. And then that coldness is necessary for proper pruning of the vine. It don't mean you're lost. It don't mean you're not growing in God. It don't mean you're not going forward in the word. Let me tell you friends, be coldness is necessary for proper pruning of the vine. Said it's normal. A large amount of pruning. This is my favorite part to the good husband. It said, "Don't be afraid to cut. Cut. Don't be afraid to cut because the vines are vigorous. Most gardeners pr prune less than they should, but don't be afraid to cut. Just cut away. Cut away. Cut away because it's vigorous and it has the ability to grow back." I thought, "Isn't it something I'd say, God, don't be afraid to cut, Lord. If there's things in my life, Lord, that don't be afraid to cut. Cut it away. If it don't belong there, cut it away." that a large amount of the pruning is normal and necessary for a productive vine. He said the husbandman, he purges it that it may bring forth more fruit. Jesus said, "Now you are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. &gt;&gt; Abide in me and I in you. And as the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can you except you abide in me. For I am the vine and you are the branches. And he that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me you can do nothing. And if a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch and withered, and men gather him and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. But if you abide in me, and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will, and it shall be done unto you. For herein is my father glorified, that you bear much fruit, so shall you be my disciples. Friends, let me tell you, if you want to give glory to God, you can you can praise God. It's wonderful. He'll accept it. But Jesus said, "But here in is my father glorified, that you bring forth much fruit." The greatest glory that you can give God is that you can manifest the life of Jesus Christ. You can let the fruit of the spirit be manifested in your life and then God can use you out in this world. He can he can use you. Why? Why is some so effective in the world in leading souls and leading people to the Lord? It's because they're manifesting the fruits of God and they're glorifying God in that. Paul said that you may be of one mind and one mouth glorify God even the father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Friends, I don't know about you, but that's my desire this morning is not only that my hands would glorify him or that my lips would glorify him, that my heart would glorify him. Lord, let my life bring forth fruit in that my father would be glorified. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. For I said when I was lost, it was Jesus who found me. When I fall down, his grace that surrounds me. Oh, how I feel his love all around me. It's the best thing I've ever done. For I know that falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing. Look at me. Won't you just lift your hand to the Lord and let him know this morning for I know when I need you. Lord, I can call on your name. No matter what I go through, your love still remains. Even when I'm weary, there's one thing that's never changed. It was the best thing that I've Amen. Won't somebody tell him this morning? Yes, I know that. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. For I say that falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] I love for you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, to you are all things, and you deserve the glory. Yes, you're worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. Oh, from you all things. To you all things, oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] You are our things. To you are our things. You deserve the glory. [Music] Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] You are all things. You deserve the glory. God bless your name [Music] with bleeding st. Oh sh [Music] they begin to see [Music] their were loose. Glory and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I praise something not ours. Submit not our [Music] if you should. You're in the prison. [Music] Listen now. Reach out and pray. Defy those chains. [Music] Listen. And they will fall. I like it this morning. And who? Hallelujah. Oh, can you just lift your hands to him and sing it with us this morning? your name. I bless your name. Give you honor. [Music] I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Sunday midnight hour. One more time. [Music] Submit not our [Music] should. You've been in a a prison in your mind. Oh, reach out and praise. Yes, Lord. Defy those ch [Music] in Jesus name. [Music] Yes, Lord. I give you honor. Yes, Lord. I give you praise. You are the life, [Music] the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I stand it all within the presence of the Lord. Whom the wisdom of the angels lies. Move the raing of the seas subside. Oh living sacrifice, holy source of life, my lord is in the Lord. this time of all and ever more. All my own is in the Lord. Forever more. His tender mercies. His tender mercies come with every eyes and see the s and his broken to offer healing and forgiveness if those who trust in me. will find their hearts and rest how is he your hope this morning the Lord of this time all and ever more oh my is in the Lord forever more one more time this king of mercies His tender mercies come with every rises. Are you thankful for that saints? To meet the sinner at his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness [Music] and those who trust in you. I find through hearts that rest. My hope is in the Lord. This all and ever more. Oh my is in the Lord forever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord. This I'm all and ever more. My hope is in the Lord ever more. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, touching Jesus is all that matters. Then your life will never be all the same. [Music] Oh, there's only one way to touch him. Oh, you must believe when you call on his name. One more time, can we just lift our hands to the Lord? Touching Jesus is all that really matterers. [Music] Oh, then your life will never be or will never be the same. [Music] For there's only one way to touch. You must believe when you call a woman or woman got so many positions. So did Jesus. She came. And when that crowd tried to restrain her, oh, she whispered her name. The touch of Jesus is all that really matters. for the night. [Music] One way to touch him. You must believe. Oh, I was found when I held at the al Jesus my [Music] hallelujah. Thank you Lord. set free. [Music] Oh yes. Jesus is all that really matter. Your life will never be will never be the same. There is only one way to touch him [Music] when you call on his name. Hallelujah. Can you praise the Lord? Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. How many's got the victory this morning? Are you about the father's business? Oh, you can't lose if you're about your father's business. &gt;&gt; Nothing could stop Jesus. How many appreciate the word of life this morning? Go ahead and give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Applause] Nothing could stop Jesus about the father's business. And brother Brown would say it like this. He said that was the beginning of the creation of God. If they couldn't stop him, he said this is the continuation of the creation of God. &gt;&gt; They're not going to be able to stop this bride either. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's what I heard this morning. &gt;&gt; Oh, we got the victory this morning. Do you love him? &gt;&gt; My does. Isn't it just a revival still bowling over? Can you feel it? &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe it's going home time. &gt;&gt; It's going home time. Certainly good to be in this presence. Let's just bow our hearts one more time. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for such a blessing here this morning, Lord. We used to sing the song, you didn't have to do it, but you've done it. Father, and we're so thankful this morning, Lord God, you pass by Grace Tabernacle one more time, Lord God. Lord, we thank you for your many blessings, Lord. all the testimonies of the revival, the tent meeting. Lord, all the many uh testimonies we want to hear from this morning, we give you the praise for it, Lord, as we ask you one more time as you intercede on our pastor's behalf there and that hurricane was coming. Lord, I pray, Lord God, this morning that you would intercede for our precious brothers and sisters in Jamaica this morning, Lord. Lord, we continue to pray for my sister, Lord, that you'll just go by her bedway this morning, Lord, and intercede on her behalf as well. Give her strength in the family's bodies this morning. Lord, once again, we thank for coming by and visiting us. And once again, in Jesus Christ's wonderful name. Hallelujah. Do you love him? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bad. Old chains holding me souls. It's such a blessing. [Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. I pray. Oh, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No chains. Hold in me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord.
