################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Bro Nathan Erickson  Consider The Lily  06-22-2025 - Nathan Erickson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    Bro Nathan Erickson | Consider The Lily | 06-22-2025
Speaker:  Nathan Erickson
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 22m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkUVq3pjd-M
========================================

Description:
Sunday morning service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] He set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of prison for me. And I'm glory bound, my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. Let's all stand and sing that first verse. But once like a burden in prison, I dwell. Oh, no. Freom from my sorrow I fell. But then Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God. Oh, he set me free. Oh, and he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of prison for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. And glory to God, he set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. Oh, darkness of night has drifted away and my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God, I'm homeward bound. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. And I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. So, goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying too. And glory to God, I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of risen for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Yes. Glory to God. Oh, let's sing that third verse once more. Goodbye to sin and things that compound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying too. And glory to God, I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the ground of risen for me and I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. I'll sing the chorus once more. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of prison for me and I'm going my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Give a hand of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful to be free this morning? Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. I know we have some visitors. We got my parents. We got brother Matt McFaden up from Hot Springs and other ones. I know we got some passing through. And for a treat, we got our brother Nathan Ericen in from Bluffton, Ohio. So, we'll just expect great things. Brother Brian, will you open the service in a word of prayer this morning, [Music] Lord, that we can come together, Lord, each one of us have such a love for your word and a love for one another, Lord, search us out, Lord, Father, if there anything in us, Lord, that your word would pull it out of us, Lord. that there's nothing keeping us from you, Lord. Father, I'm asking you, Lord, to anoint every part of your service, Lord, that we can worship you in spirit and in truth. Lord, bless the minister, Lord. Father God, that your word comes forth with power and demonstration. Jesus, son, we ask you, bless brother as he conducts the service, Lord, for your glory. Lord, we ask Lord, in your precious name, Jesus Christ. Amen. You may have your seats as brothers. Okay, you guys, let's sing. I've been changed. I've been changed. [Music] Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Oh, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Oh, cuz I've been changed. I've been reborn now. Oh, my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh, my life, praise God, has been changed. As though my sins were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I found. I was blind. Praise God, I can see. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. Oh, my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh, my life, praise God, has been changed. And when at last in his presence, I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. Oh, then I'll thank him for giving a rest like me a new home beyond the sky. Cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Oh, let's sing that second verse once more. And though my sins were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Cuz I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Amen. We got a a handful of song specials. So, we're going to get right to them. Let's sing that chorus again as brother David bring your special. Well, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God has been shamed. [Music] We need some spiritfilled preacher to teach us right from wrong. We need some oldfashioned preaching [Music] who'll pray all night long. We need some good gospel singing. Help us go another mile. And the church will triumph. Oh Lord, we'll go home in a little while. It'll be worth it after all, child. It'll be worth it after all. After all of these trials, we'll hear Jesus call. [Music] It'll be worth it after all, child. It'll be worth it after all. After all of this climbing, it'll be worth it after all. When you're down in the valley, pray is all I can do. Like the Lord sends deliverance [Music] to strengthen you. When you're up on a mountain, [Music] you see me struggling along. Lift my name up to Jesus. We'll help each other make it whole. It'll be worth it after all, child. It'll be worth it after all. After all of these trials, [Music] we'll hear Jesus call. It'll be worth it after all, child. It'll be worth it after all. After all of this climbing, it'll be worth it after all. Now, when you're down in the valley, pray is all I can do. that the Lord sends deliverance to carry you when I'm up on the mountain. You see me struggling along. Just lift my name up to Jesus. We'll help each other make it whole. Oh, it'll be worth it after all, child. It'll be worth it after all. After all of these trials, we're going to hear Jesus call. It'll be worth it after all, child. It'll be worth it after all. After all of this climbing, it'll be worth it after all. [Music] Aren't you thankful? It'll be worth it after all. Amen. Let's all stand as we invite her. Come get the offering. Let's sing that song soon. Soon and very soon. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon. Oh, we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, no more dying there. We are going to see the king. Oh, no more dying there. We are going to see the king. There'll be no dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king with the board. [Music] And no more crying there. We are going to see the king. There'll be no crying there. We are going to see the king. Oh, no more crying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, no more sickness there. We are going to see the king. Oh, no more sickness there. We are going to see the king. Oh, no more sickness there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, soon and very soon as sister Joyce rings her song, very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Yes, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll sing it once more. I'm singing soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. [Music] Life is easy when you're up on a mountain. Oh, you've got peace of mind like you've never known. Then things change down in the valley. Oh, don't lose faithful. You are never alone. For the God on the mountain, he's still God in the valley. Oh, when things go wrong. Oh, he'll make them right. [Applause] Oh, the God of the good time. He's still God in the bad time. Oh, the God of the day is still God in night. You talk of faith when you're up on a mountain. Oh, the talk comes so easy. When life saddest [Applause] but is found in the valley, trial and temptations. Oh, that's where faith is really put to the test. He's still gone in the valley. Though things go wrong, you'll make him right. And the God of the good times, he's still God in the bad times. Oh, the God of the day. He's still God in the night. You talk of faith when you're up on the mountain. Oh, talk comes so easy when life's at its best. [Music] is down in the valley of trial and temptation. Oh, that's where faith is really put to the test. Oh, the God of the mountain is the God in the valley. When days go wrong, oh, he'll make you cry. And the God of the good time, he's still God in the bad time. Oh, the God of the day [Music] is still God in the night. Oh, the God of the day. [Music] He's still God in the night. [Music] Aren't you thankful? He's the God of the day and the God of the night. Man, we got our brother Kyle here. He's got his son here with him, Brother Nathan. So, we're going to ask him to come bring his song. Let's sing that little course. Welcome, Holy Spirit. [Music] Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. I know that live inside. Oh, sing it again to him. Oh, and welcome, Holy Spirit. I know that we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. [Music] [Music] You open my made this heart with you. Here I am to ship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days, oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth. You ced all for love's sake became poor. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, all together wonder. all to me. And I'll never know how much it cost to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sins. upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together loveying. Allto together worthy. All together wonder all to me. [Music] Here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. [Applause] [Music] Out of the mouth of babes. Even from the youngest, we can say here I am to worship. I think we have a group here. I'm not sure it's Destiny's here. Her group can bring their song. Let's sing that chorus just with one more time. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Here I am to say it. Oh my God. Oh, you're all together lovely. All together. Oh, all together wonder. I'll sing it once more to him. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] you're all together, love. All together. All together, one whole to me. [Music] You said that when we ask we will receive. We take you at your word, oh Lord, we're asking. You said, Lord, we will do greater things. We believe it. We believe. We will see miracles. We will see giants fall. We'll walk on water. [Music] This is your kingom come. This is the battle war. This is revival. We will see miracles. You said that nothing is impossible. We want that God. We know that you are able. You said your people will do greater things. We believe it. We believe. We will see miracles. We will see giants fall. We walk the water. This is your kingom come. This is the battle. This is revival. We will see miracles. We will see miracles. [Music] Cover the sea. The Lord will be filled [Music] cover. [Music] The whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waters cover the sea. [Music] We will see your glory. We will see your glory. We will see your glory. We will see your glory. We will see your glory. We will see your glory. [Music] We will see mirales. We will see giant will. [Music] This is your kingom. This is the battle. This is revival. Oh, you will see rejoice. You will see its whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord. Let the waters cover the sea. We will see your glory. We will see your glory. We will see your glory here. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my hands to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my hands to worship, to magnify your name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. and the honor. Yes, Lord. I lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. So Lord, I lift my voice. How many has a voice to lift this morning? I say, Lord, you are great. Can you say he's been good to you? Say, Lord, you're worthy of my praise this morning. There's none like you. Lord, you are great. I say there's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? How many believes that the Holy Spirit is here among us? Brother Bam said the Holy Spirit, that light is moving around over the building and he's hunting somebody that will open up. You say, "Brother Matt, what's it mean to open up?" He said, "Well, just try raising up your hands and praising him, saying, Lord, I thank you. You give me the promise. I'm going to hold to it. I thank you, Lord. I thank you." You want to open up to the Holy Spirit this morning, you can do it by the lifting of your hands. Won't somebody join me this morning? Say, "Lord, I want to welcome you here. I I thank you for what you've done for me. Lord, you're a great God. You're a miracle working God. Lord, I know I have needs this morning. I I come to you as a needy people, but Lord, we believe this morning that you're more than able. Won't you just lift to him and maybe out of your own mouth with your own voice to begin to speak to him and say, Lord, just approach him. Lord, I thank you for what you've done for me. Lord, I thank you, Lord, for being a great God. Lord, you're so good to me. Lord, you've never failed me. Lord, you're a merciful God. Lord, anytime I've been in need, Lord, you've came on the scene. Lord, you've met every need. And Lord, I come to worship you this morning. Lord, I thank you for all that you've done for me. Lord, I thank you for my family. Lord, I thank you for being in our midst this morning. Lord, I ask you, Lord, that you'd be welcome in this place. Lord, may I not hinder. Lord, you God, may you be welcome in my heart and in my life. Lord, may you move about this church this morning, God. May you have your way in this building, Lord. May you meet every need, Lord. Every hand that's raised, Lord, every every need, every sickness in the building, Lord, that you would have your way in this service, Lord. We invite you here this morning as a body of believers, Lord. We welcome you, Lord. God, we just ask you, Lord, to make yourself welcome, Lord. God, may you hear our praise and our worship, Lord. And may you be may it be a sweet smelling savor, Lord, to you, God. May you may you may it be honored to you, Lord. And may you receive it, Lord. We ask. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Lord, we worship you. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Can you sing it to me this morning? You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor. Yes, Lord. I lift my life to worship. How many to give their all to him now? Yes. You deserve the glory and the honor. So Lord, I want to give my life to worship, to magnify your name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There's no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. If you really believe that this morning, won't you just give the Lord a hand clap of praise? He's a great God. Amen. You believe that? Amen. How many come ready to hear the word of the Lord? Amen. We come to have communion with God. And I just been having tremendous services. And brother Andrew Wednesday night was preaching on Rahabad the influencer. And I I've been feeding on that all week. And think the Old Testament's filled with influencers. There's some Old Testament influencers, but there's also some New Testament influencers. And I thank God that we can look across this building this morning and see influencers. I know the whole world's looking to influence somebody, but the question is, what are they influencing them to? But we've got something that we can be an influence that can bring people to something that would change their life forever. Very, it don't matter how bad off it is or what kind of needs they have. I thank God that we have a place to bring people to. Amen. Do you believe that this morning? Amen. How many come ready to hear the word? Amen. How many loves the word? Amen. We got brother Nathan Ericson with us this morning. He's never spoke for us. This will be a first time to have him here. and uh he's an associate minister at brother Wayne's uh church. His dad actually been pastor there for many grandpa for many many years and and uh had the privilege of of speaking there uh while he was pastoring and just a wonderful group of people and and a lot of uh just just a tremendous brothers and we appreciate brother Nathan and his ministry and I know our young people they all call him Uncle Nate and I'm not so sure what that's all about but uh all of our young folks go to the the camp there at at True Word Tabernacle and So, uh, we appreciate him coming. His wife's with him, sister Cheyenne. And so, we just want to welcome them. Brother Kyle, minister there as well. And, uh, Lindsay, his wife here, and and appreciate Little Lane coming and singing for us. What a what a special gift. Amen. And we sure appreciate our visitors here this morning. Amen. But we just want to make them welcome and just allow the Lord to have time to come and speak to our heart. And how many believe that God is more than able to do that? Amen. How many can pull from a gift of God and just lay everything else aside and just have a good time in the Lord this morning? Amen. Is that your is that your heart's desire? Amen. Can we sing the goodness of God as we invite our brother to come? I love you, Lord. Oh, your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. So I say all my life you have been faithful. Yes. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am made, [Music] I will sing of the goodness. [Music] I will sing of the goodness. May we can sing that second verse. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. Oh yes, Lord. Oh my life you have been so so good with every breath that I have made. Oh. Oh. I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Isn't he a good God this morning? Amen. God bless you all. It's really, really special to be here. It's kind of long overdue uh coming down to fellowship with you. My wife's been quite a few times and I just always uh mean to come to your meetings and intend or we we either have to cover at home or something has happened and so long overdue coming down to fellowship with you. But it means a lot, brother Matt, to have the invite. We're down in this part of the country for a wedding and the family down in Texar Cana and so brother Matt was gracious to extend an invitation me and my family's here again. Brother Kyle, sister Lindsay and uh so it's just we we're just honored to be here. We want to bring greetings from home from of course from the saints there at Shrew Tabernacle in Ohio and Brother Wayne of course and I know brother Wayne's got very deep roots here family and loved ones and and friends and so uh we appreciate brother Wayne we appreciate the Lord for sending him up our way to be our pastor. We're just so blessed but then through that getting to meet all of you and and make some connections here and friendships and have your young people come up for our banquet and our youth camp and everything. That's just the That's just the icing on the cake. Amen. So, we appreciate the fellowship. I know that you're I know the people here. I don't usually uh I try not to admit it all the time, but I'm a little nervous today because I know that you as people, you're just very important to Brother Wayne. So, therefore, you're very important to me, this assembly, this church. We're just glad to see how the Lord's blessing. But far and above that, you're important to the Lord. Amen. So, we just want to be a blessing to you today. Try to be an encouragement. Say, "God bless you." Amen. Just just an honor again to be here. Why don't we just go to the word of God, Matthew chapter 6. The weather here has been a little rough on a Michigan boy. We're going to have to toughen up. Amen. I'd like to just uh read a read a little passage here in the scripture. Matthew 6 verses 25 down to 29. Jesus says, "Therefore I say unto you, take no thought for your life what ye shall eat or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body what you shall put on. Is not the life more than meat and the body than raignment. Behold the fowls of the air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly father feedth them. That's an amazing type there. I I I want to focus though on this on this next part. He says, "Are you not much better than they? Which of you by taking thought could add one cubit unto his stature? And why take ye thought for raignment? Consider the liies." That's what I'd like to do today is consider the lily. Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not a raid like one of these. Amen. Let's just have a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we would just consider, Lord, the the the image, Lord, that your word was set before us, I just pray, Lord, that you would come take this service in your hands, Lord, and make it what you want it to be, Father. Lord, we're just like those little sparrows, Lord. We have no power to sew or power to reap, Father, or even to feed ourselves, but we're just dependent on your provision today, Lord. And I pray that the Holy Ghost would just come, Father. Indwell this service, Lord. May you anoint these lips to speak, anoint the ears of the hearer as well, Father, just from the start to the finish, Lord. Would you take complete control, Lord? We're we're your bride, Father. That's our desire above all things to do your will, Father. We're not here, Lord, to just bring forth a pretty sermon, Lord, or or or or pretty words, Father. But we just want you to come and inhabit our praise today, Father. Come amongst us in a personal way. Speak to hearts, Lord. Encourage us and edify us from your word. I pray just take it in your hands, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you as you're seated today. Uh just just some simple things on my heart today uh to share with you. uh some things I've just been finding inspiration in from the scriptures and and uh by the way it's good to see all my nieces and nephews here and uh feeling feeling helping me feel at home today. I I want to consider the lily you know and and uh and and and uh it takes sometimes uh we know that brother Brandon would say that God hides himself in simplicity. He hides himself in things that are simple. Well, but just because something is simple doesn't mean it's not deep. Is that right? It doesn't mean there's not it's not profound or that it's trivial or it's something you can just absorb really quickly. And a lily is kind of one of those things. Brother Bram said one in the message, God hiding himself in simplicity. He said that a man could sit down. I think this is amazing. He could sit down and look at a bunch of flowers, a bouquet, and and he could study that 30 minutes. He said, sincerely with all of his heart and know more about God than if than if he had all the degrees that a Bible school could give him. for God reveals himself in the flower. So, I think it'd be worth our time maybe this morning to take a little time and and consider the lily. Amen. Uh, you know, Brother Brandon would talk about a sermon that he he must have been one of his favorites because he referred to it often early in his ministry. He preached a sermon called Reverend Mr. Lily. I may have heard of him speak about it. And uh and you know uh and so there is a sermon in this flower. He would say that the and the story of this flower is the story of an overcomer. And it's the story of an overcomer. It's the story of a Christian. You'll notice that the story of a lily is not a story that can be told just in the springtime. It's not a story that you can tell in the winter, but it's a seasonal uh there's a seasonal expression to a flower. And it's the same with a Christian life. Uh you know, uh we just uh we get spring a little bit later than you do in Ohio. So, we're we're still kind of just coming on the tail end of that season. And after you come out of a few cold, gray winter months, you know, and that first time that you look at a flower and you realize spring has arrived, that's a that's a powerful moment, you know, and and you can look at the we got a family in our church that has a a greenhouse and and so we were there for opening day and seen all these beautiful flowers that they had. And you look at that flower and how that it has a fragrance and there's a value to it. It has something that it expresses a a beauty and a smell and all that. And you look at that and you you would ask yourself say, "Man, that that's something amazing. Now, how could I acquire that? How could I get a hold of that? How could I have something like that for myself?" Well, I guess we're going to preach on a lily. You got to start at the beginning. You're going to have to start with a seed. You can't you can't skip to the end. You can't you can't skip from, you know, spring to fall. You have to you have to start with a seed, right? It's the same with the Christian life. You know, a a young person will look at people around them in the church and people that we look up to as heroes and ministry that has the rule over us and that we admire and we benefit from. And you look at you look at there's people in your life you look at and you see there's a beauty coming out of that life. Amen. Just laying a foundation here. Just stick with me. There's a beauty there. There's a fragrance. There's something being expressed out of that life that is beautiful to you. And you say, "Well, you know, but how could I have that? How could I produce that? How could I, you know, get a hold of that in my own life? It's the exact same way, brother, sister. It doesn't happen overnight. It's not something you can just skip to. Uh there's a process to it. There's a season to it. But it all starts right here with a little seed. Amen. It's the seed of God's predestination by by election grace that God put a seed in a in a in a person. Amen. That no matter what kind of conditions they're laying in, there's a potential in them. Amen. that given time and atmosphere, the seed that's in that person is going to come out and it's going to blossom one day and something's going to come out of that person that God wanted to be there before the beginning. Amen. But but we got to start with a seed, friends. And you know, that's why we preach so much on the quickening power. That's why that's why the message focuses so much on on this uh you all know the phrase of the quickening power of God. I think some people around our message ranks that kind of get the idea sometimes that that you know evangelists kind of want to get in the pulpit and and and uh and that well they just want to get everybody excited and they want to start talking about power just kind of work people up and get everybody shouting and feel like they did a good job preaching. But there's something a lot deeper to it brother sister than that. Amen. This message is full of quickening power and and quickening power is what you got to have for a seed to ever come to life. Amen. And that that that that's why we preach on it. That's why that's why we push that's why that's why as far as we come with the message, we still preach the good oldfashioned baptism of the Holy Ghost, the new birth, the moving of the spirit, the atmosphere of the presence of God. Amen. Because you've got to have that quickening power if you ever want to bring a seed to life. Amen. And that's that's that's that's what I believe is that a a seed is not truly born. You you talk about how does a lily come to be? Well, a seed is not born just when it falls from the branch of parentage. When a when an acorn falls off an oak tree, that's not the that's not the birth of a tree. Because that acorn might lay there in the ground for a long time. It'll lay there dormant. There will be no life in it. You can put it everywhere you want. Amen. But until that seed is quickened, amen, it'll never bring forth a tree. How many knows that, right? And then you can put somebody in a church, even a message church, you can dress them upright. You can get them talking. You can make them quote the quotes. They can sing the right songs. Amen. They can believe God sent a prophet, but the devil believes God sent a prophet. And so just because we got people in our church doesn't mean we got them to the quickening power. Brother Brandham said, "Are we really getting people to Christ or are we just getting them to church?" Now, he said, "If we get them to church, that's good." Praise the Lord. That's good. But we got to get them beyond the church and get the people to Christ where there's quickening power. Amen. And I believe the message is full of quickening power. I believe there's so much power in this message that it doesn't matter how what a dark condition you're laying in. It doesn't matter how filthy your life is, what kind of a background you came out of. Amen. If you could ever get quickened, Amen. by the life of Jesus Christ that's being expressed through the message of the hour. Amen. You'll come up out of that as sure as anything. Amen. Because it's a because that's Amen. what the quickening power is for. It's to find a humble little seed down in a dark place somewhere. Amen. And change it. Amen. Now, when that seed is changed, when it's quickened, it's not always a great big explosion. It's not You might not always notice it. You may not notice something the next day or the next week or even the next month. Amen. But if it ever gets quickened, brother, from that time, nothing will ever be the same. Amen. Is that right? And I believe that I believe, friends, that the message is full of quickening power. I think uh you know I I don't believe that we've come so far and we got so revelated and we have such a such a great understanding of the message that uh that that as many have made the case that we don't need the baptism of the Holy Ghost anymore. We don't need this oldtime religion. We don't need a bunch of shouting and carrying on and dancing and all these kind of things. We don't need the moving of the spirit in the church cuz we've got the word and we're a mature church. Amen. But you know a mature church if you take a mature plan. Amen. How many believe the bride is coming into a season of maturity? Amen. But a mature tree is not a tree that's dried up and cut down and laying down and ready to be burned into firewood. Amen. A mature tree is a tree that's ready, amen, to drop fruit, amen, that can reproduce the life that's in it. And I pray we never get so far in this church or my church or any message church. Amen. Till we get away from the quickening power. I believe a mature bride is a bride that's ready to bring forth new life. That's real maturity. Amen. If we're ever going to bring in that last seed and take a rapture, we've got to have the quickening power. Amen. It ought to be common in our ranks. For a young person to get the baptism of the Holy Ghost. For a life to be changed. Amen. For old habits to die. Amen. For the sick to be healed. Amen. For the power of God to be on display amongst his people. We believe in the quickening power. I know you believe that. Amen. I believe that too. Everything, See, Brother Brham would say that that's what really that's the real really what a seed is. It's not what you see on the outside because everything on the outside of that seed is just a dead husk. Amen. It's just a dead husk. Amen. And and and uh you know, you could take a person, you can pretty them up real good, dress them nice. Amen. Get them to observe the dress code and get them to quote the right quotes and all those kind of things. But it's it's a husk, friends. Unless there's a quicken, unless there's a little little uh awakening of life on the inside of that person, they're just as dead as they can be. But if they ever meet the quickening power, Amen. Nothing will ever be the same. Amen. I I've been preaching a little minieries at home on on the lifeline. And Amen. That that's what I believe is that is that uh is that life when it comes to maturity, life, Amen. at a state of maturity is life which is ready to reproduce itself. Amen. And I I I pray friends that we'll always have an atmosphere for birth where the message of the hour is preached. Notice how brother Brandham, the rising of the sun, he would speak to his own church now and he would he would warn him about, you know, the deception of looking at this husk on the outside, this religious husk that we all carry around. He said, "Is there one here in this?" He said, "Who doesn't have this quickening power in you? The sun has shined across you." He said, "You've sit in this tabernacle." He's talking about brand tabernacle here. You've listened to tapes, but the spirit has never quickened you to follow the word of God. That's what the quickening power do. Make you follow the word of God. Oh, he said that's a dangerous thing. What if you would be a dead seed? No life in you. I think brother Bram said one time, the most dangerous the most the greatest deception is to think you're a Christian and not be right. Amen. Uh but but he said, "What if you would be a dead seed with no life in you?" It's a it's a dangerous thing. But he said, "Oh, but there's something in you that tells you, I want to rise. I want to rise this morning. I want to rise from the state that I'm in. I don't want to just be a dead seed and and be left to dirt and driftwood. I want to rise, friend." Amen. How many hear that little voice on the inside of you? Now, now, let's just focus on that right now. Let's forget about what what you're struggling with today. what the circumstances of your life or what's been going on around in your home and in your life and in your workplace and whatever wherever you're at in this moment. Amen. Let's put that to the side today and just focus on that little voice on the inside. Something in you, your life today, I don't know who all I'm preaching to. Your life might be a mess this morning. You might be you might just be in a in a in a terrible state like your life is falling apart. But let me tell you, if there's a little voice way down on the inside of you, something in you saying, "Hey, I wasn't born for this. There's something more for me. There's got to be a higher state of being than this." There there's something in me saying, "I want to rise. I want to rise out of where I'm at. I want to get to a higher place. I want to be further on the other side of this service than I was when I came in." Brother, if you got that little voice on the inside of you, you might be the weakest Christian in the building, but you got power. Amen. Because anybody that's got a seed in them has got power. It's a very kind of special power. I know the word of God is full of power. Amen. We got power to heal. We got power to cast out devils. We got power, amen, to perform miracles and all these kind of works. But I want to talk about a different kind of power today. Maybe I'll I'd be bold enough to say the most in important kind of power to a Christian. Power to become. That's the power that's in a seed. Amen. A seed. It don't matter what it looks like right now. It's got a power to become something greater in the future than what it is right now. Amen. And anybody that's a predestinated seed of God. Amen. Don't look at the outside, but listen to that seed on the inside crying out for more. And you realize there's a power in you, brother, sister. Amen. To become something like you never dreamed. Amen. To experience things in the Lord like you never imagined. Amen. To rise higher than you ever thought was possible. Power to become. That's that's why something in you wants to rise. Amen. Because there's a law in a seed that's in effect. Amen. How many know that a seed is the encapsulation of God's law. I It's a law, friends. It's a law that God put in place in Genesis when God created all things. Amen. He he he created it through planting seeds in this earth. And when he but but when he planted a seed, it might have been a little little little bitty acorn, right? But when he planted it, he planted it and put a law in that seed. He said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." Now, that's a law, brother, sister. That's not a hope. That's not a most of the time. That was God's law of Genesis to make a law that said, "Let every seed, whatever kind of life is in a seed." That's the only kind of life that can come out of it. No matter what it looks like, Amen. You can't measure an acorn against an oak tree. Amen. Because the oak because the acorn has the same life that the oak tree does. Amen. It just needs to go through a process. Amen. Oh my. And so so he brought it all under a law. He said, "Let every seed bring forth of its own kind." Now, are you ready for some deep teaching this morning? Ever since God put this law into place in Genesis, dog has never had Anybody ever seen it? Anybody ever seen a cat have puppies? It's never happened. It's never failed one time. It's never gone wrong one time. Every time, Amen. A seed that God created brings forth and reproduces itself. It can only bring forth the same life as what it came from. Brother, sister. Amen. And now you could put a lot of time studying it. You It's real deep. You could spend a lot of time trying to wrap your mind around process. And it's a it's a miracle of life. And you know, people put billions of dollars into this into like a in agriculture and the planting of food and and and orchards and things like that. Oh my. They they study it and they and they put money into developing it and they they they they mess with the chemistry and they Amen. and they they they they get in and try to hybrid things. They do Amen. There's so much science and so much technology and so much research that goes in Amen. to understanding this process of life bringing forth life. But at the end of the day, you know what happens, brother? Amen. A farmer goes out in the field. He puts a seed in the ground and he lets law God's law happen. You can't reach down and try to pull a sprout out of the seed. And you can't pull a tree out of the sprout. It's got to happen according to God's law. Amen. But if God's law doesn't fail, Amen. So all you got to do is find out what kind of seed it is. And if you got a hold of that, Amen. then your worry is over. Amen. You don't plan a field of corn and go out and say, "I hope I don't end up with soybeans. I hope I don't end up with raspberries." No, you planted a corn. And there's a law in a seed of corn. Amen. that corn is the only thing it can produce. And when God planted a seed word in the layout of sea and age when God sent a spoken word, original seed message, he wasn't worried what he would get, but he put a law in the seed of his word that it would bring forth exactly what he wanted it to be. Hey man, brother Brand preached a message, God's power to transform, and it's it's quite powerful. You know, I I I studied it one time and I it kind of caught me off guard because, you know, I studied I wanted to understand God's transforming power and I went and studied this message and all brother Brandham talks about almost is a seed. But when you get it, brother, it's powerful. Brother Brham would say when he put the seed in the earth, the seed can only come forth with the power of life within it. I love that. to transform it from a seed to a plant or whatever it was. His transforming power. Now, God put the seed in there with potentials that it would be what he said it would be. And as long as it stayed in its right category, it would be just exactly what God said it would be. It had to be that way because he had made it that way. God made a channel and he said, "And anything that stays in his channel, in his line of word, it'll have to bring forth." exactly like his word said it would do. So, what we're finding out, brothers and sisters, that we're dealing with a law, and I I'm an engineer by trade. I like God's laws because when you find out it's a law, you know, it'll work the same time every time. It'll work same way every time. Amen. So, so you know, gravity, it works the same way every time. That's why I can make a lever and I can lift up something heavy because it works the same way every time. Amen. and uh uh uh uh uh you know uh uh buoyancy and and hydraulics, they work the same way every time. So, you know, you could take a little tube like that and lift up a big skid loader or something. Amen. Because it works the same way every time. Once you find out you're dealing with a law, you don't have to worry about it. Takes the question out of it. Amen. And you know you the problem is we question what God's doing. We question his purpose. But I want you to understand God trusts his own law. Amen. And God's not worried about it. Brother, continuing the quote, "God said it's all good, so I'll just rest." And brother Brandham said, "Each one of those seeds, listen now, has power in itself to transform itself into the species that I desire it to be. That's what it must be because I have given every seed transforming power to make out of itself in its potentials to make of itself exactly what I want it to be. Say, "Brother Nathan, I need some transforming power today. I need my attitude transformed. I need some of my habits transformed. I need my I need my heart transformed. I need my body transformed." Amen, friends. Amen. And God gave you transforming power when he put a seed of predestination in you. Don't wait for it to fall out of the skies. Don't wait for the power you're looking for to come out of the heavens somewhere. God put power in you, power to become, power to be more than you ever imagined. Amen. Whatever you think your potential is as a as a son of daughter of God for this age, as a member of the bride of Jesus Christ, throw out your idea and learn how to trust God's law. Amen. As scripture now, John 1 says, "As many as received Christ, to them gave he power to become the sons of God." That's God's power to transform is by the seed. It's by the seed. I'll put it simply like this. When God plants a seed, God expects a blossom. God expects a blossom. Now, Isaiah 55 would teach us this. He says, "As the rain cometh down," how many, that's a familiar scripture. He said, "The rain comes down, it gives seed to the sewer and bread to the eater." Amen. Notice now the same the same rain gives seed and bread. Now, there's a process of a seed becoming bread. Amen. But look, it's all the same life. Amen. But it's just the process. But it's the same rain at the same Holy Spirit that baptized you with the Holy Ghost is the same Holy Spirit that'll lead you to your adoption. It's the same life. There's a law to it, friends. He planted a seed and then God stopped worrying about it. We're the ones that worry about our future. We worry about whether we can make it. We worry about whether we really get the goods. Amen. But but Brother Bam said when God gave you the Holy Ghost and quickened that seed within you, he put in there everything that you need for life's journey. It's all in the seed. Amen. He said, "It goes out of my mouth, and it shall not return unto me void, but it will accomplish what I please, and it'll prosper in the thing whereto I sent it." I believe, how many believe God sent a message of adoption in this day? Amen. And I believe if God sent a message of adoption, he's expecting manifested sons. That's what God's expecting. We get a little worried about it. We start looking around at church issues and we look around the message communities and we see false teachings and we see little isms rising up and we see drama and we see family problems and church problems and ministry problems and we start looking at all those things but I'll tell you what you're looking at. You're looking at the husk. Amen. We look around. We say, "Brother Nathan, I'm worried about the message." Amen. I'm worried cuz I look and I see this is happening and that one's preaching that. I'm worried about our young people. I don't know if they'll be able to stand. I'm just worried this message will just dissolve away to nothing. Brother Nathan. Amen. And you might be worried, but God's not worried. You're looking at you. We look at say, "Brother Nathan, there's so many problems in the organization." But that's the problem. Amen. This message was not sent Amen. for the organization. So don't be surprised if you see organizational problems around the message of the hour. But the message was sent to individual hearts. He didn't send it for your church. He said it for you. Amen. to that little seed down on the inside of you to quicken you to life, bring something out of you like you never imagined. And he's not worried about it. God is Amen. God did not gain confidence in his children when you went to an altar. That's not when God got gained confidence in you. God didn't get confidence in you the first time you played uh you played a tape. He didn't gain his confidence in you. Amen. The first time you wrote a a ti check. Amen. He he didn't gain his confidence in you when you joined a church. God has had confidence in you ever since he placed a seed within you in his mind before the foundation of the world. He knows that anything he thought once it's spoken, it can never be taken back and it can't fail to accomplish what he pleased, what he wanted it to do. Friends, I whatever you think the ceiling of your potential is, you're probably underestimating yourself. I'm not preaching in kind of a modern day charismatic idea of how we all got to go around empty out hospitals and have worldwide ministries and drive Cadillacs and all those kind of things. I'm not talking about that. But I'm talking about you as a child of God have a purpose. There is something, amen, that was planted in your life and God, amen, has it in mind for you to bring you to a full blossom. Cuz there's something in your life. There's a color. There's a beauty. There's a fragrance which God wants to bring out of you. Amen. And he not bringing it out of the five-fold ministry. Amen. They got their own uh beauty. They got their own characteristics. But he needs a man. He needs a woman. He needs a boy. He needs a girl. Amen. Who can accept? Amen. That law of life. Amen. And come. Amen. And blossom under the light of this message and bring something out of you as an individual that a church could never put in you. A bunch of intellectual mental conceptions could never put it in you. Amen. Only God and his election, Amen. could put that in you. Oh, say, "Brother Nathan, amen." But I but uh you see, it's the humility of the seed that throws people. Say, "Brother Nathan, I'm looking at the great call of the hour." You know, Brother Matt, I'm listening to Brother Brandham and and and the things that he's preaching. He's talking about this bride. He said that the word bride would be the manifestation of this hour. That the the bride's revival would be the focus of this whole age. It' be the Amen. that'd be the pinnacle. Amen. Would be this adopted church of manifested sons and daughters. He said they'd be an invincible army. He said they live so close to God the devil wouldn't know what to do with them. Oh my. He He talking about this great calling. But brother man, I look at myself and I I look and I I feel so small and weak and humble and and I don't I I just think I believe it, brother Matt. I just don't think I could live it because I only have a little Jesus. I probably got I probably got less Jesus. It's not that I don't know Jesus, but I got less Jesus than anybody else in the church. I only got a little Jesus. I'll tell you about little Jesus. Little Jesus one day he went down to the temple and be under the light of who he was. He could sit down with a bunch of theologians. He could sit down with religious leaders and he could straighten them out on the scriptures. He could astonish them with his doctrine. Little Jesus could do that. Amen. The little Jesus is still Jehovah Jesus. If you only got a little bit of speck of Jesus. Amen. It's still healer Jesus. It's still deliverer Jesus. Brother Graham said, "There's no big heavy spots and little weak spots in God. The least touch of God is omnipotent. It's all powerful." Amen. Little Jesus can heal your body. Little Jesus can overcome your struggles. Little Jesus can deliver you from whatever you're going through. But the best thing about little Jesus, Little Jesus don't stay little. Brother Brand said, "When a man gets born again, a little button of light," he said, about the size of a button on your shirt. A little button of light comes down into that man. He said, "But the thing about it is it don't stay little." Just a little button of light, amen, when a man is born again, but all of a sudden that button, amen, begins to grow, amen, and it grows from a button to maybe a baseball, amen, to a basketball. And as that little light begins to grow within a person, all of a sudden it starts coming into friction with all the darkness of the flesh. It starts pushing on depression and it starts pushing on worldly habits and it starts pushing on sin and starts pushing on on anxiety and it starts pushing against all these things. Amen. Little Jesus won't stay little. Amen. When a seed is planted, it all it can do is grow. Once it's quickened, it'll grow and grow and grow and it starts to push things out that you had no power within yourself to remove. But it was only the pressure, amen, of that little light within you growing. Oh, I tell you what, if you only got a little Jesus, take a little Jesus down to church on Sunday morning. I don't care how backslid you are. Amen. Get in the atmosphere of the anointed preaching of the word. Worship with the saints. Amen. Get that seed in that atmosphere. And I'll tell you what, things that you tried for years to get rid of, all of a sudden that light one day will just grow just just close enough to it, it'll push it right out of your life. Amen. Stop trying so hard. Stop working so hard. Trust the seed that's within you. That's God's power to transform you. That's how he does it. That's his program. I'm coming to a good quote on it in a minute, but I'll tell a little story I like to tell. I had an old house in Ohio, a house I used to live in. Uh it was is in the middle of town and it had an ugly old dilapidated fence just falling apart. And I was looking at that fence. I said, I got to do something to make that fence look better. I didn't want to get a new fence because I don't know if you know this, fences ain't cheap. So, I said, "You know what I'll do? I'll go down. I'll get a flowering vine. Just a nice I'll find a good flowering vine. I'll plant on my fence and that'll pretty it up real good." So, I went down to Menard's. Glory to God. Hallelujah. And I bought and I I looking at all the different flowering vines and seeds that they have. Now, if any of you are gardeners, you're going to you're going to laugh at me now. I found one called Morning Glory. Oh, yeah. I really I thought I'd like the sound of that. Morning glory. So I bought some of that stuff and I went home. I started reading on the packet of that morning glory and on the back it said just take one seed and put it every six inches. Just one seed. And I thought I bought tons of this stuff. So I took that morning glory seed and I went all the way down my fence. I shook that seed all the way down. You know what? Nothing happened that day. Nothing happened the next day. Nothing happened even the next week. But there was something going on. Amen. Because a month or two later, all of a sudden, a little something began coming up out of out of underneath my fence. And before he long, you know, that morning glory, all of a sudden, it it grew up and just like it it just seemed like overnight it grew up and it filled that whole fence. Well, praise the Lord. That's where I wanted it was on my fence. The problem with morning glory, it doesn't stay where you want it. It doesn't stay where you want it. It It keeps growing and growing. So, it grew off my fence. It went up the side of my house. It went up the side of my garage. It got into my vegetable garden. It started at the bottom of my tomato plants and it curled its way all the way up to the tippy top. And I'll tell you something, weeds couldn't grow in my garden cuz it was too full of morning glory. That's what happens, friends. Amen. When a predestinated seed of God gets the baptism of the Holy Ghost, maybe nothing changes that day. Maybe nothing changes that week. But before long, something starts happening. Oh yeah, you get enough Jesus in you to come to church on Sunday and that's about all you want. You just want to show up, have a good service, go home, and do whatever you want to. Amen. But if you ever been quickened, brother, you can't settle for that. Amen. Jesus will go down to every corner of your life. He'll fill your house. He'll fill your garden. He'll fill your car. Amen. He'll take over everything. Amen. He'll choke out sin. I'm convinced. I'm convinced to this day you could drop a nuclear bomb on that old house. You could erase every memory of Nathan Ericson, but next spring that morning glory will come back. Sure as anything. Amen. Don't ever plant that in your yard. That's not That ain't no house h hot house plant. That's some kind of an original seed cuz it takes over everything. And that's the way it is. Amen. For a son or daughter of God that's come under the rising of the sun. Amen. And you realize that it's your time to rise and shine because the glory of God has been planted in your life. But he didn't plan it to stay humble. He planted it in you to make you a rapture ready, adopted, powerful, amen, son or daughter of God living in the bride's revival, manifesting the message of the hour. That's what God wanted out of you. He didn't really ask your opinion. Amen. There's, you see, there's only one limitation on how far a seed can grow, and that's what season it's living in. And you realize, Brother Bram declared to us in the rising of the sun. Amen. That we're not in the age of justification. We're not in the age of sanctification. We're not in the age of the Pentecostal baptism of the Holy Ghost. He said, "We're right now in the blossom. We're it's adoption time. It's rapture time, friends." Amen. The the the the signs of the times are everywhere. I don't know if you've been watching the news, friends, but but things are getting close. Amen. But what that tells you is that you're living in a season, Amen. Wherever you're at in your Christian walk, if there's more that you desire, I believe there's more available. Amen. And you're not going to drink him dry. Amen. You're not there. You're not going to exhaust. Amen. The nutrients and the strength and the power, Amen, that's laying in the message of the hour. Brother man said, just drink and drink and drink and drink and you'll bear fruit. It'll just come out automatically when you begin to feed on the word for your day in the season of manifestation. It's Easter time, friends. Brother Brandon would tell us about that overcomer. He tell us about he'd tell your story. Amen. How about that? I thought it was amazing. He uses a pond lily, specifically a pond lily of all the liies he could have chose. He takes a pond lily and and a pond lily, you know, it starts its life down on the bottom of a pond somewhere way down in the muck, just the slime on the bottom of a dirty pond. Little pond lily starts and you look over that that seed down there and and you can't tell that seed apart from all the other dirt around it. Looks just like a all the other rocks and earth and you can't tell the difference. Some of you know where you were where you were living when Jesus found you. Amen. and you were you just you look at you look at your neighbor look at the guy on the next bar stool. You can't tell the difference. It looked just the same. But it wasn't the same because there was a seed down in there. Amen. And somehow a little ray of light got down to the bottom of that pond and bounced down all those particles of dirt and struck you just right. Now it might not have been a big explosion that heaved up the bottom of that pond. You might not have whooped and hollered. Maybe it did. But maybe it didn't. Maybe nothing nothing real obvious happened. But from that time Amen. Things were different. Something, a little voice on the inside started talking to you. A still small voice started saying, "You know what? You got to get back to church." Amen. You got to think about what mama taught you. Amen. You got to you there's something in you. You know you're made for more than this. You know you weren't born to mess around with all this stuff. You got to get out of this filth. Amen. So that seed begins to open up. Amen. It finds itself in a filthy place. Amen. But there's a law in that seed that won't let it stay there. So, it starts to fight against the field. Oh, it gets dirty. It gets messy. Amen. But it's it's going somewhere. It crawls up out of that mud, pushes and strives in that darkness, and all of a sudden there's a breakthrough. Oh, I'll tell you what. Goes down to camp meeting. Amen. Has a real Holy Ghost breakthrough. And then it finds out it's still at the bottom of a pond. Now, I don't think anybody accused me of being against youth camps, but it's the way it is. Some of our young people have that experience. They get in the atmosphere of a of a good Holy Ghost meeting. Amen. And they they they have a real breakthrough in their life and then you get home and you find out, hey, I'm still under pressure. Amen. And I got all this weight of the world laying down on me. And then when it's when that little liy's underwater, you know, when the wind gets to blowing, all of a sudden it's pushed this way and all of a sudden it's pushed that way and it doesn't have the strength really to resist. Amen. Because it's just a little immature lily sprout. Amen. But there's something in it. It just Amen. it it just doesn't want to stay there. There's something higher calling it up. So, it starts to swim and it starts to push against the currents and all of a sudden it's going against the flow. Amen. Oh my. Yeah. It doesn't just doubt his experience just cuz now it's under pressure. No, there's the same law that brought it to a breakthrough. Amen. Is making it swim. It's making it push. It's saying, "No, I'm there's still something more for me." So, it pushes up and it swims and it looks around. Amen. Some of you older ones remember, Amen. God started dealing with your heart. Amen. And you change. And your same old friends, they didn't change with you. And you start looking around and they just didn't get what you they couldn't see what you were seeing. They couldn't hear what you were hearing. Amen. But so there's something in you and some there were days of your life you look at them and and and and you say, "Well, you know, maybe I'll just be like them. Maybe I'll just give up all this work and I'll just be a seaweed." You know, you you ever seen a like in a in a in a creek or something? Uh, I'm sure you got the same kind of vegetation we do. We got the We got I I call them the seaweed. They're fresh water. I don't know what else to call them. You know the ones, the little slimy plants. They got no strength or structure to them. They just whatever the water's doing, they just all they're made to do is live in shallow water and just go with the flow. And then when the when everything floods and the water starts running backwards, all of a sudden they just just whatever's normal, just whatever the world is doing. That's what But then the but that but for the lily the lily's got a strength to it. It's rooted way down deep. It's not born for shallow water. It's got a backbone. It's got a strength and amen. It starts swimming. It said, "No, there's still something more for me." It climbs up to the top of that pond and it gets above all those currents and then brother Ram says it opens up its blossom. Amen. And a beautiful fragrance comes out of it. It begins to give out of itself and everybody around it can enjoy it. He said, "That's the overcomer." Amen. Some of you been thinking, maybe even this morning, the devil was talking about where you came from and trying to bring you under condemnation because of your background. Say, "Well, you'll never be like so and so cuz they were raised in church and they never struggled with this or struggle with that." Amen. But brother Bam says, you can't point at that overcomer and say, "Look at where he came from. He came out of the muck. He came out of the mud." Brother Brham said, "But he's not in the mud now. Where is he? He's on top. He's an overcomer. See, who you are is not what you've come through. Who you are is where you came from in the first place. Hallelujah. It's a powerful It's a powerful sermon about that overcoming Easter lily. But I'll tell you something. You talk start preaching about an overcoming Christian life and and how it has a beauty and how it's on top of everything and giving out a fragrance. It hits a little different for a young man or a young woman or an older one who's not on top of everything. You got areas in your life you're just not on top. You're struggling with this, struggling with that, going through that, and you begin to say, "Well, you know, maybe I just don't really have what it takes because I'm under this water, Brother Nathan. Like you talked about, I had an experience with God one time, but now I'm just under this pressure and I feel all this influence of the world around me and I'm caught up in the current. I feel like I'm drowning, Brother Nathan." Amen. But here's what you got to remember. When that lily was weighed down in that filth, in that slimy muck, Amen. it was still a lily. Amen. When it was just pushed around on the bottom of the pond with no backbone to it, it was still a lily. It doesn't matter what stage it's at on the journey. Amen. That don't have anything to do with it. Amen. The law, it was a lily ever since the seed was quick in the life. Amen. It's a lily seed. Amen. It's a lily flower. It's lily life. And there's a law in lily life. Amen. It'll bring forth a blossom. Amen. It'll take a little time. It'll take a little overcoming. It'll take staying in the right atmosphere. It'll take a season. But it won't fail cuz it's God's law. You got to trust the seed that's in you. Amen. Something on the inside pulling you up, saying, "No, rise up above this." When everybody else around you say, young people say, "I'm just going to I'm just going to be like I'm going to throw it in the towel. I'm going to be like the world." But you're not a seaweed. Amen. You couldn't quit if you wanted to. It won't shut up that voice on the inside of you. Amen. Saying, "No, there's more to life than this. There's a higher calling. There's a higher place. And not only that, that's where I belong. I belong in those heavenly places. I belong in that overcoming life. Oh, it's still a lily, friends. On your worst day, you're still a child of God. On your best day, you're a child of God." Hallelujah. Brother Bam said he talked about remember in the restoration of bride tree he would talk about that law of life. He would take it to a a fish or he would take it to a a bird and he said there's a law life in a fish that makes it a certain way with certain characteristics because it's born for a certain environment. Right? It's born a fish is born to swim in the water. But he said what a fish might try to do. He's preaching to you now. He'll say a a fish might decide hey I don't want to be down here in this water. I want to go up and breathe air like the humans do. And so that he said that fish get a great big lung full of air and go up above that water. He said but he's not made for those conditions. There's a different law of life in them. So no matter how hard he tries to go up and breathe air, he's just going to bust open because he's not made for it. He said a bird a bird could get in their head. Well, I'm on a I I I believe I'm supposed to fly. And so that bird, he said, "Well, let me get a real running start. Let me run real hard, press real fast, and let me get a real running start and just jump up in the air and then I'll fly that way." But brother Brand said, "No, there's a law of life to a bird that he was born to be in a certain place and he's born with the equipment. He just got to open up those wings and let the wind come under that bird and it'll lift him up automatically to the place where he belongs. It's a law of life." And he said, "It's the same thing for a Christian." Amen. You get in your head. I'm going to try real hard to be an overcomer. I'm going to I'm going to You go to How many of you sat in an altar and said, "God, I'm really going to impress you this time. This time I'm really going to turn over a new life. I a leaf. I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna work like never before. I'm going to try harder than I ever had. And you didn't make it 24 hours before you fell flat on your face. Amen. Because the law is not how hard you can work. You don't fly by running hard. You don't fly by jumping up in the air. You fly by setting your wings of faith. Amen. And trusting the law of life that God put in you when he created you. Hallelujah. He said we got a law of life. He said it's not what we fight and pull and hurry say, "Oh, if I don't get this and if I don't get that, that's not it." He said it's to know that the law of life is in you. Amen. And you just let go and let God. Amen. Then he takes you to your healing. He takes you to the baptism of the spirit or anything that he's promised. Any claim he's given is yours by letting go and letting God. Amen. Is this all right today? I know it's simple preaching, but it's kind of where we're living. Amen. Amen. Oh, you know, Brother Brham preached on that Reverend Mr. Lily, and I I was listening to him one time. Brother Brandham, he kind of goes on and on about Mr. Lily and how that Lily's got to toil. He's got to fight kind of like I was just preaching on. has got to fight to come up out of the muck and push against all those filthy things and how he toils to come out and bring forth blossom and bring out a fragrance and express the purpose that was put in him. Oh yeah. And he talks about quite a while about how this lilyy's got to toil and fight. Amen. To come up out of the dirt. And then I went and read what Jesus said about it. Excuse me. He said, "Consider the lily. They toil not, neither do they spin." Well, I said, "Well, there's a paradox." But I'll tell you what, friends, it's true. When you look at a lily, there's a It has to press. It has to toil. Amen. It's got to push against things to come up out of the earth and express the potential that's within it. But it doesn't have to toil to be a lily. Oh, friends. And you, I don't care how religious you think you are. You never worked one day in your life to be a son or daughter of God. It isn't how long you belong to church. It isn't how many tapes you listen to or how well you dress or how well you could talk the talk and fool everybody around you. That isn't what did it, friends. It was the grace of God to put a seed of life within you. And when he put the seed, he put a law of life in it that it didn't matter how you staggered and stumbled and struggled. Amen. You had to come forth and be a Christian life in this age because of the law of life. Not because of our efforts, not because of our merit, not because of what we've earned or who we are or what our status is, but because of the grace of God and because of the law of life. Ain't that beautiful? Amen. Brother Bam said that little seed when it bursts open into life, he said it can't do that until it comes through all that process. It's got to go through a process. Got to come through that. And that's what makes it, he said, because the sun itself is drawing it. Oh, and I love this. And when it goes above the dirty waters and muck and so forth, he said, then it's so happy. It gives its life out freely. And it's a beautiful life when it gets in the presence of that which is drawing it up. Now, there's people sitting in in in probably every one of our churches, amen, that that they're in they're living in a miserable place called religion. halfway between the world and Christ. And they're somewhere down in the muck, somewhere in dirty water, can't see clearly. Amen. Pushed by the tides. Amen. And living in that place. And it's hard to believe. Amen. When you're such when you're just a miserable religious hypocrite, it's hard to believe in that beautiful life that I'm talking about. But let me tell you, brother, sister, Amen. If you feel Amen. When you come to church, you feel the presence of the Lord begin to move and you feel that you feel something just sweep over you and something just pulling you to that higher place. Let me tell you, amen. If you could get to to him that is drawing you. Amen. If you just run to him that's pulling on you, cuz when you really get to Christ, if you get past the church and get to Christ, it's a beautiful life. It's beautiful to be one of God's liies. It's beautiful to just open up. Amen. And be a colorful Christian and bring out a fragrance and express yourself and have value and worth in the economy of God. That's what we're called to. Friends, don't settle for less. If you're halfway there, don't quit. Amen. But let that law of life go to work. When that little seed on the inside begins crying out, say, "No, I don't want that. Don't reach for that. Don't watch that. Don't grab that. Amen. Don't eat that. Don't drink that. Reach for that." Amen. Then what do we what do we do? We yield oursel to the law of life on the inside. And trust that seed cuz it's taken you to a beautiful place in the presence of the sun. You say, "Brother Nathan, I I've been I've been around message churches all my life and I haven't had much of a life, but I'll tell you what, if you if you ever break into the reality of this message, I'll tell you the message of the hour is the only thing that I've ever seen produce life. It's life. It's not just any kind of life. It's life abundantly. Oh, it's it's real life. The literal life of Christ. A beautiful life. A beautiful life. Oh, amen. When it gets in the presence of that which is drawing up. I friends, I'm in a growing process like everybody. Amen. But I can't stay where I'm at. Amen. I'm pushing up into his presence. I I'm reaching for that beautiful life. I want more of him. I just want more of him. Hallelujah. You see, we try to we try to impress God and everybody else by with that our our just religious display, but Brother Bram said, "God doesn't want liies on the altar. He wants you on the altar. You're his lily. God didn't send a message to make a bunch of pretty church members and nice buildings." And we thank God for all those things. He didn't He didn't send a He didn't send the message so we could preach a bunch of flowery sermons and Amen. and dress up nice and have a little community. Amen. And just just have a nice religious group. That's not what it's for. He sent a message, amen, to to bring a seed to life within you. Amen. So that you, not anybody else but you, amen, could blossom into something God was thinking about before the foundation of the world. Oh yeah. God's got everybody. God don't just have preachers in his mind. Amen. He's got singers. He's got prayers. He's got He's got He's got praisers. He's got He's got deacons. He's got workers. He's got mothers. He's got all of it in his bouquet. They're not all the same, but they're all seeds of God. Oh my. This message will give you so much purpose. It'll give you so much life. It'll give meaning to your life. That's what a seed is all about. The sermon of a seed is all about purpose. How many know that? We try to kind of live a a comfortable life, a religious service. Well, yeah, we'll go to church on Sunday. We'll do all this kind of thing. Amen. And just make a convenient sacrifice, but a real seed. They don't settle for that. No, there's something in them that says, "Hey, I I wasn't I'm not put here just for Sunday go and meeting Christianity. I'm not put here just to keep a pew warm and show up a couple times a month. I'm I'm here to do something. I'm here I'm here to fulfill something. I have a calling. I have a ministry. I have a purpose." That's what a seed is crying out. Amen. Oh my. Every time the Bible talks about a flower, it's preaching a sermon of purpose. Job Job would look at that flower. Hey, we talk about the flower. He said, "Man that's born a woman, he's a few days full of trouble." Ain't that right? He's a few days and full of trouble. He comes forth like a flower and he's cut down. And and Isaiah or uh Peter would say, "All flesh is grass and all the glory of man is the flower of grass. The g the grass witherth. The flower thereof fallth away, but the word of the Lord endureth forever." Amen. So everything what the what the Bible's talking about he's comp he's saying that your human life is like a flower and what it means is it's fragile. It's fragile friends. Life is fragile. It don't last very long. I know it's a little different kind of preaching but I hope this all right. It's fragile. It doesn't last very long. You don't get a lot of time on this earth. Maybe less than you think. And so it's fragile and it seems like it doesn't have much meaning. It's like dandelions that come up in the yard. you know, they they come forth and they're there for a short time and they look beautiful and then my wife comes and puts the weed and feed down and kills them all and and and or the mower comes along and cuts them down. It doesn't last very long. Amen. So, what's it all about? What's the point? What's the purpose? Amen. What is the flower of a human life all about? It doesn't mean anything until you can see God's purpose. Amen. But take a little flower. It just lasts for a little while and then it wilts away and it goes to nothing. But put that but when Job looks at that flower, put that flower under the gaze of a prophet. Come on, somebody. Put it under the When a prophet looks down on that flower, all of a sudden it changes from a temporary nothing to a sermon about the resurrection. Amen. And it begins to testify, amen, that hey, this life that's here for a few days and full of trouble. Amen. When it goes back into the ground, that's not the end of things. Amen. But it's part of something greater. It serves a greater purpose. Amen. Cuz all of God's liies liies are perennials. Amen. They go down in the winter, but when the spring comes around, they come right back. You take a son or daughter of God, you can Amen. They can have they can go through all kinds of trouble, trials, and tribulations. Put them in the ground. Amen. Let them come to an untimely end. Amen. But when that resurrection comes, they'll come back up testifying of the eternal life of God. Amen. Because because the flower of your life is serving the purpose of declaring God's resurrection. Amen. Look. Amen. And that's that's what a seed will do, friends. See, Job's revelation of that resurrection is a revelation of purpose. See, this flower is frail, but there's a reason for its existence. It never became clear maybe till it came under the view of a prophet. But that's what I believe, friends. Everything that the message tells me is that I'm not here on earth to live 60, 70 years, get married, have kids, a job, a house, and all those things, and then die and all of it fade off into the void and mean nothing. I believe in purpose. There's something inside of me that says there's got to be more to this life than just to toil a little while and die. There's something crying out saying, "No, I must have fallen from somewhere. I must have come from something cuz there's a life within me that's pushing up to a higher place than where I am now." Oh friends, every one of God's seed has a purpose. There is no such thing as a seed without a purpose. And there's no such thing as a child of God without a destiny. I don't care how insignificant you think you are. You think you walk out the doors of this church and nobody would even miss you and it wouldn't ever matter that you were here. That's a lie. Amen. That's a lie of the enemy. Every one of God's children was planted for a purpose. And every one of them has a place in God's bouquet. And whatever kind of life you live here, I'm telling you, it matters. It might not matter through what the world was telling you. It might not matter, amen, from a worldly perspective. But if you lay under the light of the sun, under the gaze of this prophetic message, this word will give you purpose. It'll give you a purpose-driven life. It'll tell you, you're not here just to waste your time, but you got something in you that needs to be expressed so God's purpose can be accomplished. Everyone has a purpose. Say, Brother Nathan, I'm just a kid. I'm just a young person in the church. Brother Bam said even a bud belongs in God's bouquet. Yeah. He don't take all He don't He said he don't put everything in his bouquet that's just fully open and in full blossom. Sometimes he takes a bud. Amen. He takes a little bud. You know what he was talking about? He was talking about a young man in his church that had passed away very young, a tragic death. And that was a context where brother Bram said, "But you know what he said? God has a purpose and sometimes he needs to take a bud that's not fully formed and put it in his bouquet." Friends, over these years, we've seen tragedy. We've suffered trials. Amen. We've cried out why. We've looked for purpose and and came up lacking. But there is purpose. There's purpose in everything God does. There's purpose in everything that we go through. Amen. The message gave us purpose because it's the message that revealed to us that we are a seed. Amen. And if you're a seed of God, you might feel like you're just a bud. You may feel like you've not opened up fully in your life, but you belong. You're important in the church of God. It matters that you come and sing and clap your hands and praise the Lord and say, "Amen." Amen. You can't be replaced. You're not insignificant. You're irreplaceable. You're in God's purpose. There's nobody in the bride of Christ that doesn't serve a purpose. Oh my. You know those those some of those buds, some of some liies are how many know brother said it's the lily that was used to make opium. But to become opium, it has to be crushed. has to be crushed. There's people sitting here today. You've come through things. You crawled through all manner of hell to come into this church today. Through your life, you've been crushed and leaned on. You've been under pressure. And in the moment, all you cried out said, "God, why? Why are you pressing on me like this? Why do I have to be crushed?" But on the other side of the pressing, wasn't there a sweetness? Wasn't there a beauty? Wasn't there a savior? That's when that opium, that's where that perfume comes from. Sometimes the flowers got to be crushed, but beauty comes out of it. There's nothing that happens to a Christian that's not purposeful, that's not beautiful, that doesn't serve God's purpose. Oh yeah, all the things that we we think are we think things were wasted years. We think they were mistakes and they had no merit. But God was forming something even in our failures. You don't believe me on that? You take brother Brandham, one of the greatest mistakes of his life. remember how he how he listened to his mother-in-law instead of listening to the Lord. And because of that, he lost his wife, he lost his little baby, and he had to sit there and watch his precious little girl, her eyes crossing with pain. Nobody, how could you listen to Brother tell the story and not just break down weeping when he talked about the pain of that moment of watching that and you say, "Oh, what a defeat. What a terrible circumstance." But then look how the Lord turned that around and every crosseyed baby brother Brandham ever prayed for was healed. That's the kind of God I'm talking about. A God of purpose. A God who can bring beauty out of ashes. He's a God who can take your greatest failures, your greatest defeats, and turn it into victory. Amen. God can get purpose out of every one of his children. You think God only uses preachers? You think he only uses men or officers or prophets? Amen. God uses all of his people. They all belong in his economy. They all belong in his bouquet. It matters, friends. Amen. The life in you matters. Oh, brother B said, "If everything that serves God's purpose has got a resurrection, it can only rise if it serves God's purpose. If a flower lives and it's not germatized," he said, "It won't live again." But he also said, "You can't keep anything in the ground that serves God's purpose." Oh, friends, I want my life to serve a purpose. I want my life to serve a purpose. That's what Reverend Mr. Lily's preaching. And you got a you got a purpose. You, not anybody else in this church, but you as a seed of God. God put a law on you. He set a process in motion when he when you were born again. Amen. To bring a life growing up out of you. Amen. But he's trying to bring you to a place where you where you can just open up and come into that beautiful Christian life. Come into the presence of that sun that's drawing you and open up and that a fragrance and a beauty can come out of your life and that nobody else can reproduce. You say, "Well, I got a there's a there's a dozen roses in our pulpit." Yeah, but he needs a daffodil and he needs a he needs a hydrangeanger and that's about all the flowers I know. He needs it. He needs you to serve his purpose. He sent a message to te to show you that you have a purpose. That's why I love this message. Amen. He talked about the lily. Amen. Remember Jesus said Solomon in all his glory wasn't arrayed like one of these. You know, it's amazing, brother Brand would say that. He said, "The reason why is because Solomon, you look at Solomon, all his robes and his crown and his jewels and his gold and all that and all and as as majestic a person as as Solomon would have been, it's doesn't even compare to a lily." Brother Bram said, "Because all of that was artificial, but a lily is natural. It's it's got a real life to it." Oh friends, I'll tell you what, the more that I read, the more that I listen to this message, the less I wanted this hypocritical, put on fake religion of trying to impress everybody and act like everybody else, try to imitate somebody. That ain't what the message means to me. God sent me a message. Amen. So that I could be Nathan Ericson. Amen. Do what Nathan Ericson does. Act like Nathan Ericen acts. Amen. Minister like Nathan Ericson does. That I could be me and not be somebody else. Amen. That's all God asks of you is just to be the kind of seed you are. He don't ask you to put on anything artificial. He don't ask you to dress it up. Just be a real Christian. Just be you. But be the version of you God wants you to be. I'll tell you what, we've had so much of trying to take take a robe of Christianity and force it on people and just get it to just strangle them with a bunch of rules and regulations. That ain't nothing what like the what the message is. Amen. But the message is calling somebody. Amen. Not to a legal Amen. Not to a legal obligation. Amen. But to a personal expression, calling you up into a a into something which can bring something out of you. A a character and a quality and a fragrance that's unique. Oh, and it's needed and it's important. You can dress somebody up as a Christian, but it'll never be natural. But I believe in natural Christianity. Amen. I believe Christianity was made for human beings. But we do a whole lot of trying to not be human beings. Amen. You remember when brother Brandham was preaching God in simplicity, he was dedicating that new tabernacle and he said that no, it doesn't matter how beautiful the structure is. Amen. But the beauty of a church is the character of the people. It's not the structure. I'm not talking about the building necessarily, but the, you know, the structure of the church, the organization of it, the group. You understand? Amen. That's not the beauty of this message. The beauty of this message isn't the churches that we built on it. Amen. It's the individuals that it's turned out lives which have been changed. Amen. And come into a maturity and an adoption authority under the presence of this son, laying in the light of the message of the hour. That's the beauty of the message is the people that it's produced. And I tell you, I know we've seen a lot of false, but we've seen a lot of real. And some of the realest, truest, bluest, Amen. the most real life of Christ you've ever seen, the realest love, the realest peace, and the realest joy. Amen. Was produced by the message of the hour. Amen. In people that didn't just accept it as the church they belong to, but accepted it as the calling of God in their own personal life. God's got a flower garden, friends. And everybody serves a purpose in the bouquet. I don't believe in churches without a purpose. I don't believe the Lord raised brother Matt up to pastor without a purpose. I don't believe he called you to attend here without a purpose. I don't believe Grace Tabernacle sitting here in Arkansas just to have church for a few years and and and and go to heaven. I believe we're here for I I believe. Are you with me today? I I believe in purpose. Purpose. I Amen. I believe True Tabernacle is there for a purpose. I believe Brother Wayne came there for a purpose. I believe we're there with him for a purpose. Amen. I believe in purpose. And I believe if you'll just accept the message of the hour for what it is, it'll give you purpose. Oh, and I when you realize that there's something being expressed today, God didn't just have a prophet. He had a bride. He didn't just have one mature grain. He had a whole field under the wave she chief message coming up to a maturity. That's God's bouquet. He didn't just want to bring a prophet to his maturity. He wants to bring you to your maturity. But what does that mean? It means you coming and fulfilling the position that God had for you. Oh, who could preach adoption like brother Brandham? I tell you, I'm I'm off my notes now, but but look, who could preach the adoption like our prophet? I'll tell you what, you could take any one of those charismatic leaders, brother Matt. I believe if he went down to any of those Pentecostals or televangelists back in the 60s and pulled one of them aside and the Lord said to that man said, "I've chosen you. You're going to be the one who's going to break forth the the message of adoption to the church. You're going to that it's time for the manifestation of sons and I've chosen you. You charismatic, you Pentecostal, and you're going to go out and preach adoption. You're going to be the one. You what would it look like?" Let me ask you that today. What would it have looked like? I'll tell you what it would look like. It would have been that guy and a 100 movie car cameras following him all around the world on a global tour and he'd be emptying out hospitals and he'd be walking on water and he'd be doing all that kind of stuff and getting all the spotlight. There would be no room for you. There'd be no room for me. But God had a prophet who could come and preach the adoption series. And he said, "Your adoption is simply your positional placing." He said, "If you're a farmer, you be a good farmer. If you're a factory worker, you work at that factory and witness to the one next to you on the assembly line. He said, "If you're a mother," one time he said, "Well," he said, "Oh, Brother Brand, but I'm just a housewife." He said, "If you're a housewife, you're just as much David as the rest of them. You are anointed to be a mother. Anointed to be a wife. There's room in the message of the hour for every single one of us. It came not to take purpose from you, but to give it to you. It didn't come to make an audience member out of you. came to make a Christian a son or daughter of God with power to become. Oh, amen. That's the kind of message we're dealing with, friends. Amen. It's God's bouquet. Amen. He's got everyone in it for a reason. Amen. And that's that's what we got to look at. That's what we got to get a hold of. You see, you know what? I Let's Let's say hypothetically I bought my wife a bouquet. You know, probably been a little too long. But if I, let's say I bought her some flowers and I brought her home a nice bouquet of flowers and said, "Here you go, honey." She doesn't look at me and say, "What field did they grow those in?" Really? Were they on sale? How much how much did it cost? And what road did you take to the store? And what road did you bring home? And who was working the counter when you checked out? She don't care about any of that. She not interested in any of that. She's only interested in the expression of what was in my heart, the expression of my heart for her when in buying those flowers. It's the gesture that means something to her. It's the It's the message of my heart to her. And friends, God didn't send a message so we could talk about who goes to what church and who's got the best ministry and who sings the best and who quotes the most quotes. Amen. And who's preaching this and who's preaching that. Amen. And who's got the most views on YouTube. It doesn't matter. What matters is God sent a message and it's an expression of love for his bride. It came from the heart of God. Straight to your heart. Receive it for what it is. It's a message to your heart, not to your church, not to your organization, not to any other man or woman. It came to you to turn your heart back to what God had in mind for you from the beginning. Oh, I'm looking out here, friends. And maybe you don't see what I see from the pulpit. But I see God's bouquet. I look around the room. I see some of you I know. Some of you I don't. Some I could just tell by your countenance. Amen. That the that the the the glory of God's just resting on your life. I can see I see the I see the marks of people who've been through trials, been through hurts, been through different things. You've pressed through the muck. You've swam through the waters. Amen. But there was something that brought you through all that. What was it? God had something in his heart concerning you. So he put a seed in you and he put a law on that seed that it could not fail to bring you back into the presence of him that was drawing you from the beginning. And it's God's bouquet. Oh, and when you look at it that when you look at the bride of Christ, stop looking at all the drama. Stop looking at all the negative. Look at the message. Look at look at the victory in the lives around you. And you realize all and all once you see the message, brother Bram said, you can't see nothing else. And friends, I have seen it. I've seen it. I've been around enough message believers to know they're human beings with human being problems. Amen. But I know, amen, that the character of God, that the mysteries of his heart are being expressed in the bride of Jesus Christ. I can smell the fragrance. I can stand in the pulpit and preach to you. And I could feel that pulsation of faith. I could feel that pull. Amen. And I know these are people, amen, that are that are reaching out and grasping for God's message, saying, "Give me that bouquet. Amen. Let me get a hold of that flower. Amen. Let me smell that fragrance. Let me come into blossom. I want to be what God wanted me to be. I want to fulfill my purpose. Oh my. It's everything the message is about. You just look flower after flower, life after life. Even all God's five-fold ministry, they're all testifying the same. That God loved you before there was a world. He loved you and accepted you and chose you in himself before the foundation of the earth. He died for you. The lamb was slain before the world existed. Oh, it's the it's a message of love. I don't know if any of you have done this down here. It's a real old thing. I think I don't know how long goes back to like Victorian times or medieval times. something little girls used to do. Maybe some of you have done it. They used to take a flower and go peted by petal and start pulling it off. Remember what you say? He loves me. He loves me not. He loves me. He loves me not. Right? Got to find out whether he whether he loves you. But once you pull off that last pedal, that'll tell you what it is. And and that's what you do. You just He loves me. He loves me not. Well, you know, uh, you know what the trick is to it? Depends on what kind of flower you get. Cuz some flowers got an odd number of petals. Some flowers got an even number of petals. So, you can rig it. You can get it to if you really want to find out he loves you, you just got to know what kind of flower you're dealing with. I'm preaching to you now. Amen. Once you can get if you could just get that revelation down in your heart that doesn't matter what you come from or what you're going through now, but you're a predestinated seed of God. Let the message give you that revelation, friends. Find out what kind of a flower you are. Amen. And it'll deliver you from all of this legalistic condemnation. Amen. There's too many people sitting in messes churches. Amen. On Sunday, he loves me. But on Monday, he loves me not. On Wednesday, he loves me. On on on Thursday, he loves me not. When brother Matt's preaching, he loves me. When the guest minister's here, he loves me not. Amen. Friends, I'm so sick of seeing God's people bound down under he loves me loves me not religion. Amen. When this message is screaming out and saying, "I loved you before there was sin, before there were mistakes, before you ever had a struggle. I loved you and I chose you and I planted a seed of purpose in you." Oh, he loves you, friends. He loves you. I'm closing on that. Amen. But you got to know that he loves you. You got under you got to listen to the real voice of this message in the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. When when Sister Destiny gets up and sings, you find out he loves you. Hey, why? Because you see the expression. Amen. You're smelling the fragrance. When brother Matt preaches, Amen. you and he gets in the pulpit and preaches like a man on fire. It's something your heart says, "Oh yes, he loves me. He loves me." Amen. Brother Mark give you a nice encouraging word. You find out he loves me. Amen. Somebody Somebody just uh shake your hand. You come to church feeling discouraged, but somebody give you a real loving handshake and a hug around the neck. Oh yeah, he loves me. He loves me. I put on a tape and you hear that good evening friends. Amen. And that presence comes into the room. Oh, he loves me. He loves me. He loves me. Hallelujah. It's a message of love. It's a message of grace. It's a message of purpose. How many would just want to receive it in that way? Amen. God, thank you for your love. Thank you for loving me when I was unlovable. Thank you for the expression of your heart. Thank you for the blossom. Thank you for the fragrance. Let's all stand today. Thank you for being welcoming today. Amen. Oh, he loves me. He loves me. He loves me. Brother Brandham preached, "I know my redeemer liveth." Speaking of the resurrection of Jesus, he said there's nothing can destroy it. It's been planted. It's been planted and it is the seed of God. Friends, that's the brother said if the bride could ever recognize who she is, the rapture will go. He didn't say it would come. He said it would go. So, who are you really? Say, "Brother Nathan, I I'm afraid of missing the rapture. You are the resurrection and the life. That Jesus Christ on the inside of you, that's that's a that's that's the whole point of a lily is to preach that sermon of resurrection. Says, look, when you see what's being expressed here in this life, you find out that there's a quality here. There's an eternal quality. You take this body and put it in the ground. But when resurrection morning comes around, it'll come. It'll come forth. You can't keep anything in the ground that serves God's purpose. And neither can sin keep it down. Neither can discouragement keep it down. Neither can hurts keep it down. I don't know where you're at in your life today. You might be just a such a young Christian, just freshly born again, and you're down there in the muck, and all of a sudden you you you're just pushing up against filthy things in your life and trying to push up out of that. Oh, don't don't don't get discouraged. Just keep listening to that little law of life. That that voice on the inside. Keep listening to it. Amen. It's reaching for higher things. That's the That's the seed. That's the seed. Trust it now. Trust it. Yield to it. Let it push for You might be a young person. You're just being You feel the current. You feel the pressure. Feel like you're drowning sometimes, but don't stop. Don't quit. You can't You're not a seaweed. Amen. You're a lily just like that one that you're looking at up there. Amen. And their life's in full blossom and you're just a little sprout. Amen. But you're still a lily. Just trust that law of life. You might be you might be somebody who's who come into maturity in your Christian walk, but something happened to you. You got frostbit. You got hurt by somebody or something. You find out, well, Brother Nathan, honestly, I'm just a little bit closed up and I'm not giving out that sweetness that I'm not bringing forth that fragrance like I used to. Oh, then it's the same law. It's the same law. Just yield to that seed life. How many would do it? Brother Ram said, "It's the seed of God. It's a purpose of God to give us the blessed Holy Spirit. It's the purpose of God to show us signs and wonders and miracles. It's the purpose of God and nothing can destroy it. All powers of hell might wager against it, but it will prevail. We have God's eternal per promise." Oh, he said there may be things that look like it would be destroyed, but it can never be destroyed. It is the purpose of God to see that it will prevail. Then he said, "It's not up to me." Thank God. It's not up to you whether it will be destroyed or not. It's not in your hands now. It's up to God. And we can rest assured on it. He said, "God will never let our heritage be destroyed for it's his purpose to give it to us." Let's bow our heads now. Lord Jesus, I thank you, Lord, for the welcome spirit, Lord, with these people. And I thank you, Lord, for getting to stand here and look out across your bouquet, Lord. Lord, if there be somebody here, Lord, who hasn't quite caught, Lord, what the message is trying to get across to them. They don't know, Lord, how important they are to you. They don't know, Lord, that they're a flower in your bouquet. I pray, Lord, you would encourage that heart. Lord, for people that are struggling, Lord, those of us, Lord, that we're not on top of everything. I pray, Father, that Lord, that law of life would just begin to brute over us now. Lord, let the presence of the sun come into this place, Lord, that we could feel you above us drawing us up higher, Lord. And I pray Lord we would we would just uh that that life within us would just push Lord and push forth, grow a little higher. I pray Lord we'd be closer to you when we leave this place than we were when we came. I pray a week from now Lord we'd be come into more expression than we are currently. Father, I pray for growth. Lord, I pray for spiritual maturity. Lord, I I pray, Lord, that you continue to prosper this word. Bless this ministry, Lord. These men and women of God, Father, that are bring Lord showing forth the fragrance of the message of the hour in this place, in this community. Oh God, that's all we want to be is flowers in your bouquet. Lord, when we look at this fragile human life, Lord, we find out there's not many days to live this human life. Lord, youth is so fleeting. Life is so fleeting, Lord. The years pass by and nothing lasts, Lord. But let us do something for you. Let us do something here in time which will echo in eternity. I pray that we would live lives of purpose for you, Father. And Lord, I pray that every one of us would be edified and encouraged today, Lord, as we consider the lily. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness and grace in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Would you pray? In the presence of the king. How many just like to enjoy his presence from Oh, in the presence of Jehovah, God mighty, [Music] prince of peace. Oh, if you feel him drawing you now, just open up to him. Troubles vanish. Hearts are men in the presence of the King. In and out of situations that tug a war with me. All day long I struggle for the answers that I need. [Music] Oh, but then I come into his presence and all my questions become clear. And for that sacred moment, no doubt can interfere. [Music] in the presence of Jehovah. [Applause] [Music] God might [Music] prince of peace trles and oh and hearts are mened in the presence [Music] of Oh yes, Lord. We're looking for that beautiful life. Oh, through his love the Lord proided [Music] a place for us to meet us. [Music] It's a race to find the answers [Music] in the hour of distress. Oh, now there's never any reason for you to give up in despair. Just sleep away. Breathe his name. He will surely meet you there. Oh, in the presence of Jehovah. [Music] God Almighty Prince of [Music] Trles [Music] Are you in the presence of the King? I say I love you, Lord. I lift my voice just to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice. Won't you take joy, my king? Yes, Lord. in a while you hear. And may it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. I say I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice just to worship you. Oh yes, my soul does rejoice. Won't you take joy, my king? Yes, Lord. in what you hear. And may it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Amen. You believe that this morning? How many enjoyed that message? Ah, what a tremendous message tonight today. Amen. to consider the liies. Amen. Isn't that tremendous? You realize that every one of us, brother M said, is the divine love of God. The very thing that caused him to to create and caused him to to, as John would write, he loved the world so much that he would send his only begotten son. That same love that brought that out of God is in every one of us. And I believe that this morning. And I believe that's why that that we draw from one another. I think that's why Paul said to encourage one another daily and edify one another. We're drawing from the love of God. That's why we're pulling the petals off of that off of that flower. That's why you pull out of one another and you need each other. And be let me tell you what it never does. You know, he was talking about that I love you and I love you not. But you know, God is love. Brother Bram said you ought to be able to find Christ in every scripture in the Bible, every verse. It don't matter where you read. And and you could take any verse, Brother West, and you pull out of it. Never one time will you ever pull anything out of the word of God that says, "I love you." Not. It's always going to say, "I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you." And that's what we ought to pull out of each other. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. That ought be any bitterness, any hatred, any jealousy, any malice among any one of us. It ought to be the love of God that is portraying out of our lives. Do you believe that this morning? If you got God in you, then you got God to give. Amen. What are you what are you giving out? What savor? What what what scent? Amen. This is what a powerful message our brother spoke. I say, Lord, may it be pleasing unto you. May people be able to draw from me the love of God. Amen. Isn't that what you want? Somebody to draw that out of your life. And everywhere you go, people see that. Amen. as leaders and we're preachers and teachers and deacons and Sunday school teachers and trustees and prayer warriors and singers. Every one of us people ought to be able to draw the love of God out of you. And if they're drawing something else, something ain't right. Amen. Be so filled with the love of God that that's what we see in you. Amen. Isn't that our desire today? Do you love the Lord? How many appreciates brother Nathan for coming and speaking his heart? Amen. Amen. How How many like to have him come back? Amen. We'll we'll just Amen. They gave you a standing ovation, brother. That's just tremendous. Well, we'll try not to wait another seven years to get him to come back. Amen. We just appreciate his ministry and appreciate what he had, how the Lord used him this morning. What a powerful message. Amen. Brother Mark, would you care to come and and sing for us this morning? Amen. We're going to sing this just before we go. Amen. This world may press me down and change my glad to sad. God didn't say my life would be easy always. [Music] Oh, if you knock me down, I'm never going to wear a frown. I'll keep my hand in the master's hand. And one day it all will come to an end. I will rise. Rise above it all. I will rise above it all. Spread my wheel with and I'll rise above it all. This world is so full of evil and the enemy is all battle. Satan has tried so very very hard. He's trying to hold me down, but I've got something within me. Help me make it through the rain. And when it gets rough, And when it gets tough, I don't have time to wear it anymore. Cuz I want to rise, rise above it all. Rise, rise above it all. I heaven going to rise above it all. [Music] This world is so full and the enemy is all right. Go ahead sing. I know this. He's trying very very hard. Trying to hold trying to hold me. Hold me down. I know. But I've got something. There's something within me. Help me. Make it through the rain. Make it through the rain. And we don't [Music] [Applause] Oh my s don't you worry about me. You see I'm going to praise no more. I'm going to shout hallelujah. I'm going to praise God for it all. I will rise above it all. I spread my way to heaven and I'll rise above it all. And if you miss me from sering down here, then don't you worry about me. [Music] You see, I'm going to a place where there'll be no more pain. I'm going to shout hallelujah. I'm going to praise God's holy name. Lord [Applause] my love. This world is so full of evil. The enemy is He is all around. Go ahead. Let's take Satan. [Applause] He's trying to hold his little brother. Trying to hold [Applause] [Music] somebody. And when it gets and when it gets I don't have to worry anymore. [Music] [Music] I love it. [Music] My way to heaven. [Music] [Applause] You would ask whether cow Then to close us in a word of prayer this morning. Amen. Let's bow our head and pray. Lord, we thank you for this time that we gathered together. Lord, we thank you for this great word that we heard from you, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray you help us to never forget, Lord, how much you love us, Lord, and what you've done just for us, Lord, individually, Lord. If it was just one of us, Lord, you'd just do it, Lord. And we thank you and praise you for that, Lord. Bless us Lord as we travel from here. Be with us all Lord Jesus. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Oh God is my everything. God is my everything. He's my joy. He's my joy and sorrow. He's my hope. He's a hope for tomorrow. He's my rock. He's a rock in a land. He's my shelter in a time of storm. I say, God is God is God is my everything. Can somebody sing it this morning? My everything. will God is. God is my everything. He's my joy. Yes. He's my hope. He's my rock. He's my rock. He's my shelter. In a time of storm. I say God is God is God is God is God is God is my everything. I say God is my I know that God is God is he's my everything. He's my joy. He's my joy. I know. He's my hope. He's my Well, he's my rock. He's my rock. You know, well, he's my shelter in a time of storm. I know God is God is my everything. [Music] Well, God is my everything. Well, God is on my Well, he's my joy. My joy. I say he's my hope. I hope for
