################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - 03-30-2025  Anointed For Victory Pt. 2  Bro Joe Reynolds - Joe Reynolds.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-30
Title:    03-30-2025 | Anointed For Victory Pt. 2 | Bro Joe Reynolds
Speaker:  Joe Reynolds
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxhVdVBjDP8
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] by the power of your love. Let's all stand and sing it. Oh, so the ghost surround me. Oh, bring me near. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise a black leag. And I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me all by the power of your love. Second verse. Oh Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face the knowledge of your love as you live in [Music] me. Let this be your prayer. Lord, renew my mind as your will unfold in my life and living every day. by the power of your love. Oh holy ghost, let your love surround me. Oh, and bring me near. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I will rise the black and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of yours. Sing the chorus once more. [Music] Holy Ghost, let your love surround me. Oh, and bring me near. Draw me to your side. [Music] Oh, and [Music] as I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me all by the power of your love. How many you can say that it's your prayer tonight, this morning, that he would just come and his presence would come down, fill this place. He would speak to each one of our hearts and minister to each one. Brother Wesley, will you open the service in prayer? Just remember in prayer those that are traveling back from Oklahoma camp. I know our pastors away on vacation. Just the Lord would be with him. Give him rest and a few others. Just bring him back safely for the west. [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this morning. I sing that song. He set me free. He set me free. Aren't you thankful? He set you free this morning. Well, once like a bird in prison, I dwell. Oh no freedom from my sorrow I felt. Oh then Jesus came and he listened to me and glory to God. He set me free. Oh he set me free. Yes he set me free. Oh he broke the bonds of prison for me. And I'm going bound my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. Oh, darkness of night has drifted away. Oh, my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God, I'm home. [Music] Glory to God. A single last verse. Oh, now goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working. I'm praying to. And glory to God. I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of prison for me. And I'm going bound. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. Set me free. So goodbye to sin and things that confound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working. I'm praying to and glory to God. I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of prison for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He sing the chorus once more. For he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. And glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, sing it again now. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, and while I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Oh, and while I was singing, somebody touched me. While I was singing, somebody touched me. Oh, while I was singing, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Yes. While the preacher was preaching, somebody touched me. While the preacher was preaching, somebody touched me. While the preacher was preaching, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. I'm singing, "Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touched me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. I'm singing glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. However, you come expecting a touch from him this morning. Sing that song. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down and glory, glory, oh hallelujah. For since I laid my burdens down, well, glory, glory, oh hallelujah, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down, well, I feel better. Oh, so much better since I lay my burdens down. Well, I feel better. So much better since I lay. Oh, sing that part again. [Music] My burdens down. Are you happy? Oh, talk about happy. Yes, I'm so happy. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Well, talk about happy. Yes, I'm so happy since I lay. Oh, you got freedom this morning. Talk about freedom. Well, I've got freedom. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, talk about freedom. Yes, I've got freom since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Since I laid. Oh, aren't you thankful for this? Yes, I'm going to walk on those streets of glory. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Yes, I'm going to walk on those streets of gloryy since I laid my burdens down. Yes, I've been singing and I've been shouting. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Yes, I've been singing and I've been shouting since I laid my burdens down. I'm going home to Oh, be with Jesus. Oh, since I lay my burdens down, I'm going home, too. Oh, be with Jesus since I lay. Let's all stand as the brothers come. Cuz I'm going to walk on those streets of glory. Oh, since I lay my burdens down. Oh, I'm going to walk on those streets of gloryy since I lay. Oh, talk about happy. Yes, talk about happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, since I laid my burdens down. Oh, talk about happy. I'm so happy since I laid my burdens down. How many happy this morning? Give the Lord a hand, clap of praise this morning. for the day. Will you go ahead and pray with the offering? [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. [Music] And I have a home prepared where the saints abide just over in the glory land. Oh, and I long to live by my savior's side. Just over in the glory land. Oh my [Music] go there with the mighty host. I'll stand just over in the glor. Can you sing it this morning? And I'm on my way to those manions fair. Just over in the glory land there to sing God's praises and his glory share. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory land the happy angel. Just over in the glory land. Oh, just over in the glory. Oh, there with the mighty host. I'll stay just over in the glory land. Oh, what a joyful thought that my Lord I'll see just over in the glory land. And there with kindred say there forever be just over. Sister Elizabeth will bring her special. Oh, just over in the glory land. I'll join the happy angel band. Just over in the glory land. Yes. Just over in the glory land. There with the mighty host I'll stand. just over in the glory land. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Sister Deborah and Sister Eve, if you guys be ready, sing right after [Music] her. When everything is going to Satan's coming on, he really wants me to fall. He sends trouble my way. Even sickness is a part of his plan. By myself, I can't win. So I'll just go with my hands. I'll just go with my hands and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand on the infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, he comes down and inhabits my praise. I've got a dynamite. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. When I'm faced with a trial, there's two ways I can go. I can still wear a smile or let him bring me down low. Satan whispers your through. But I hear Jesus tell me to stand. What am I going to do? I think I'll throw up my hand. hand. I'll just throw in my hands and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand on the infallible [Laughter] word. When God sees my hands raised, he comes down and inhabits my praise. I got it down in my plate to just can't stand when I throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I'll stand on his infallible word. When God sees my hands raised, he comes down and inhabits my praise. I've got a down in my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. I've got it down in my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hands. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Long years ago, went out and seen I had no hope, no piece of me. down on my knees in agony. I prayed to Jesus and glad we set me free. I never shall forget the day. When all the burdens of my heart is rolling away, it makes me happy. Let it free. I'll shout shouting glor is everything to me now I can feel him by my side my people steps he comes to guide when trials come he comforts me through faith in him oh Lord I've got the victory I never shall forget the [Music] When all the burdens of my heart just roll away, it makes me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout. It glories everything to me. Oh sinner, come to Jesus now at his dear feet. Just humbly bound, confess to him your every sin. He said and cleans you. Gave you peace and joy with me. Hallelujah. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my heart was roll away. It makes me happy, glad, free. I'll sing and shout and for is everything to me. I never shall forget the day when all the burdens of my heart was rolled away. It makes me happy, glad, and free. I'll sing and shout it. Glor is everything to me. I'll sing and shout and glory is everything to me. Hallelujah. Amen. How many of you say you thankful for the day he came and saved you, cleansed you, filled you with the Holy Ghost. Let's sing that song. My God's not dead. I didn't put it in. Oh, my God's not dead. And my God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my head. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over. Let's sing it again. [Music] [Applause] [Music] might. Let's sing it again once more as sister Joyce comes. Oh my God day. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. My God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hand. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all singing once more. Oh my God, he is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. [Music] The crowd was great that she knew she had to reach him. This was her last hope of ever being. [Music] She pressed through and tear she touched his garment. Oh, right then and there her m came through. There's a mcle in the making. [Music] one just for you. The father is working even now. Your prayers have been heard and the answers on the way. There's a miracle in the making for you today. Have you prayed and prayed and still you heard no [Music] answer? Has your faith grown weak? You feel you all [Music] alone. Don't give up for the God you serve only you. There's a keeping on you. Oh, there's a [Music] mcle in the making one just for you. For the father is worth now. Prayers have been heard and the answers all the [Music] way. There's [Music] a there's a in the mighty One just for you. For the father is working even now. Your prayers have been heard and the answers all the way. There's a mcle in the making for me [Music] today. Thank [Applause] you. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? No matter what your need may be or trial you're facing, God has an answer for it. And he's here just to give it to you, speak directly to you. Come and let's sing that song. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. in prisoners chain with bleeding stripes. All in silence they prayed that night and in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loose. [Music] for they went [Music] free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the [Music] life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Yes. I bless your name. [Music] Oh, submit not our word. If you should find, you're in a [Music] prison in your mind. Reach out and praise. [Music] defy those [Music] chains and they will fall in my Jesus name. Will you bless his name this morning? I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you the praise. You are the [Music] life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. Yes, my Lord. I bless your name. Amen. However, you came to bless his name this morning. Let's all stand as we invite our brother Joe to come and minister to us. Just pull on the gift in his life. Whatever you have need of, just pull it out of him and he'll speak. God will speak right through him directly to you. Let's sing that song. I'm amazed that you love me. Yes, I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed that you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. My sins are washed. I'll sing that chorus once more. Yes, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. My sins are washed. First verse. Oh, no one knew how alone I was feeling. and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Although I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. Oh. Then one day someone told me of your mercy. Aren't you thankful for that? And the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. Oh, there you died and purchased my redemption. When you broke sin's power, set my spirit free. Yes, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Oh, through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. My sins. Let's sing that second verse. Oh yes, it's true. There have been days when I've ever been there before. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. Oh, aren't you thankful though? I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. See, no one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Oh, other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. Sing it to him. I'm amazed that I love you. I [Music] that you came through your preious blood. Oh, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. That last verse one more time. There days when I failed you, Lord. You know the many times I've gone astray, but I've learned your love is stronger than my own weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. And no one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Don't you believe that this morning? Glory. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow, knowing you are everything I'll ever need. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed that you came through your preious blood. I found new and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. There's power in the blood this morning. There's power in the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm amazed this morning that he thought enough of me to put my name in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Brother Wesley, there's nothing in time, there's nothing that's happened since the first dawning of the first sunlight 6,000 years ago could ever rob us of our inheritance. cuz he gave us in eternity and nothing in time can rob it from us. Amen. Church, we can allow him to rob a lot of things in our life. We can allow him to rob our joy. We can allow him to rob rob our happiness. He's a thief and he's a robber. But there's one thing about it this morning. The gospel told us he can't rob our inheritance. He can't steal our inheritance. Hallelujah. Nothing in time can separate us from our inheritance. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? Amen. God bless you. Amen. Hallelujah. Do you love the Lord this morning? Thankful for his word. Thankful for his promises. Amen. If you got your Bibles while you're standing, let's turn to First John chapter 2. Last time we was with you, we ministered on anointed for victory and um felt led to go that direction. We if we had a title this morning, we could title it faith in your anointing. First John chapter 2 verse 19 says, "They went out from us, but they were not of us. For if they had been of us, they would not no doubt have continued with us. But they went out that they might be made manifest that the way that they were not all of us. But ye have an uncction from the holy one. Aren't you thankful for the uncction? Brother Ram would say that word uncction comes from a Greek word called dynamite. Thank God we have some dynamite from the Holy One. And you know all things. Thank God we can have the mind of Christ to know what he once done with his word. Hallelujah. And nothing can separate us from this uncction that God give us in the hour. It's our holding power. It's our holding power. It's going to hold. Amen. Doesn't matter what we go through in this life. You're sealed with with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You're sealed to the day of your snatching away of your redemption. Amen. You'll get get on the other side one day, Sister Debbie. Amen. There's going to be loved ones. There's going to be people in previous generations coming to you and saying, "You're from Lady Oia. You're the ones that overcome that wicked age." And you're going to say, "Well, the inoculation held. It wasn't me." But it was the uncction from the Holy One that gave me the power to understand his word and how to overcome in the evil age that we're living in. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? The 27th verse says, "But the anointing which you have received of him abideth." In other words, it remains or stays with you. His word says that I'll never leave you, forsake you, I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world. But this anointing which you have received of him abideth in you. It's not here today and gone tomorrow. You need not that any man teach you, but as the same anointed teaches you of all things, and is truth. It is no lie, even as he had taught you, you shall abide in him. And now little children abide in him, that when he shall appear, we may have confidence. We shall have faith. We should trust him. We are believers and not be ashamed before him at his coming. If you know that he is righteous, you know that everyone that doeth righteous is born of him. Can we bow our hearts? Lord Jesus, we thank you for this opportunity, Lord, that you've given us sight of glory to come and worship you, Father, in spirit and truth. Lord, we come, Lord God, to give this part of the service unto you, Lord, that you'd minister to the needs of your saints here, Lord God. You are the great shepherd, Lord. We're the sheep of your pasture, Lord. come and have your way and liberty in this service. We commit this time into you in Jesus Christ's name. And the bride says, "Amen." And God bless you this morning. He tells us here in John, he gives us an uncction from the Holy One. And this anointing that you're going to receive is going to abide forever. And the word brother said that here the uncction means dynamite. Dynamite simply means to blow up, to shatter or destroy. Amen. Thank God this morning we have the ability within us that we can shadow our doubt, shatter our weary and shadow our fear. Amen. We realize this morning to make that light up there. Brother Brandon would say, "It takes two things, two materials. It takes the mechanics and the dynamics. It takes a dynamo turning together. It just he says it's just like you." He said, "It it'll make light because there's a source that is channeling the power that's needed for us to have light this morning." He says, "Brother Wesley," he says, "This exactly is the way it is with you. It'll make us light up. It'll make us have faith. It'll make us have power. It'll make us have healing." Amen. When a believer in God gets turning together. Amen. When they get the turning together, it generate the power of his resurrection. Amen. That tells me this morning, Sister Savannah, they couldn't keep Jesus Christ in the grave. Amen. And they will not be able to keep us buried in later and the darkness of this world either. Amen. Because there's a word concerning the church in the evening time. There's going to be light. Amen. If the word said there's going to be light. There's going to be a dynamo somewhere that's going to generate the light that God said was coming. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for that? And the auction means to make it light up there. It's a dynamo. We're connected to the source. Ezekiel would say it. It's a wheel in the middle of a wheel. Brother B would say the big wheel turned by faith and the little will turned by the spirit of almighty God. Amen. When they begin to turn together, Amen. It begins to bring things to pass. Amen. and it generates the power of his resurrection. He says, "But the working of the Holy Spirit," he said, "the kingdom of God is in you." God sits on the throne of your heart. He's in the control room. It's a continuous power from the source. He says, "It's controlling your emotions. It's controlling your powers. It's controlling your conceptions. It's contra making you one with him. Aren't you thankful for that power? Amen. That can bring you and I mortals. Amen. Full of failures. Amen. We all make mistakes. If you don't believe so, let's take your wings off and put them in your back pocket this morning. We all come the same way. We was born of sin, shaped in iniquity, came to this world speaking lies. Amen. But this wasn't your first place. Amen. You got you had an appointment in this life. Amen. A predestinated moment of time. Amen. Where you're going to be changed from the creature you once was to the creature you was before the foundation of the world. Yet we're still trapped in humanity. Amen. We're still trapped in this old boy of failures and making mistakes. Amen. But greater is he that's in you. The dynamo, the uncction that God has placed within you. Amen. You may feel like your trial is uncrossable this morning, but hold to God's unchanging hand. I'm here to tell you this morning, this dude will pass. Hallelujah. He's controlling you. Listen, when those 120, I feel his presence here this morning. Amen. When 120 went into the upper room, Brother Brown said there was a bunch of cowards. They was all afraid of the Jews. They were afraid of what they going to say about them. They was worried about what they may do to them. They was worried about what they may take their jobs from them. They was worried about what they may do, talk about them. Amen. Scorn them. Rebuke them. Brother said they went in the upper room, Brother Tom. They barred the windows. They latched the doors. They closed the blinds because they was afraid of what might happen to them. But along about the 10th day, there came a mighty wind. Hallelujah. All of a sudden, there came a sound from heaven like a mighty rushing wind that filled the house where they was at. Amen. And brother Bam said they unbarred the windows. They unlatched the doors. The spirit of doubt was still there. The spirit of fear was still there, brother Amos. Amen. Amen. The Jews were still out there. But the difference was they now have the uncction from the holy one. Amen. The difference was Jesus was in their midst. They unlatched the windows. They unbard the the doors. And they came out with the authority of the king. They came out as witnesses. Hallelujah. Testifying. They was afraid to testify when they went up in the upper room, but they couldn't hold their peace any longer. Amen. When the mighty wind came down from heaven. Oh, don't you feel that way this morning? Thank you, young Christian. that gets filled with the Holy Ghost. Oh yeah. You don't have to talk him in to come to church. You don't have to talk him into praising God. You don't have to talk him into being right. You don't have to talk him into loving his neighbor. I'm here to tell you. Amen. It's an uncction from the Holy One. Amen. It changes your conception. It changes the way that you you think. Amen. It makes you believe that all things are possible to them that believe. It makes you have faith in your anointing. Brother would say it like this. That's what power is in the church. Now, you want to know what it is? He says, "But is controlled by law." And that law is keep is isn't keeping a bunch of commandments. We thought that now when we was in Pentecost. Amen. We thought, hey, a been the dos and the don'ts and you don't do this and you don't do that and you keep keeping of the commandments. Amen. That that's not it. He said it's a it's controlled. It's a it's a law of faith. He said all things are possible to them that believe. If you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, it's yours. Every place the soldier your foot shall tread upon by faith, God gives it to you. It's your possession, but you have an uncction from the holy one. Hallelujah. And Psalms tells us like this, those that are planted in the house of the Lord, those that are connected to the dynamo, it's not going to be defeated. You might look defeated this morning to your neighbor. Amen. But if you got a true uncction from the Holy Spirit, you're not defeated. Amen. You got the power within you to create a world and go live on it. Are you kidding me this morning? This bride, she's not defeated. She's not a second cousin. Hallelujah. Amen. She has the uncction from the Holy One. She's planted in the house or of the Lord. And the scripture says she's going to flourish. Amen. If you're connected to this dynamo, you're going to grow. You're gonna achieve your promises, sir. You're gonna flourish. You're gonna bud. In other words, you're going to bring forth more of him and less of this, oh boy. Amen. You're going to thrive. Oh yeah. Flourish means to thrive. How many's thriving tonight or this morning? Amen. We're thriving because we're connected to a source that gives us light and gives us strength, gives us anointing, gives us power. We're going to thrive. We're going to fly. We're surrounded by his presence. Like we said last time, amen. We're in victory formation. And if you're in victory formation, it that the enemy had exhausted all of his tricks and everything to get you to lose. He's defeated. Is that what the message taught us in this hour? Amen. We are in victory formation. Amen. Hell is all against us, but heaven is for us and God before us. Who can be against us this morning? I'm here to tell you church, we're not defeated. We are in victory formation connected to a source of life sir that never had a beginning and never have an end. A adios of life. It's bubbling. It's bubbling. When you don't feel like doing it, there's a there's a bubbling inside of you. It generates power. Generates the power of his resurrection. Do you love him? Amen. How many believes he his presence is near us this morning? Listen to this quote here. And your own Can you put your name right there this morning? Are you with me for a few moments? Your own glorified body is standing near you right now. Well, if that don't make you want to shout, maybe I need to go to Baptist church down here. Amen. your own glorified body standing near you right now in Christ Jesus to give you a strength. Think about that. Give you Jesus Christ strength. What is that? It's giving you his ability. The same power that Jesus conquered with is the same power that he's came to bring to his bride. Oh yeah. And he said to that body is standing right by you right now. He says in Jesus Christ to give you a strength or ability. He said like a charge in a battery. Brother man, when you don't feel like it, amen, there is a a glorified body near you right then. You can't escape this church. Amen. As Psalms tell us, everywhere you go, he follows you. He's pursuing after you. Wherever you go to the jungles of Africa, lo, I'll be there. You make your bed in hell. I can't leave you there. Hallelujah. It's with you wherever you go. And when you're down and you don't feel like your spiritual car was going to start and your spiritual life is grinding and it just you're you're turning the key, but it doesn't seem like nothing's happening. You're trying to flip the light, but there's nothing coming on. And your light maybe seem like it's dim to you and to your neighbor. But all of a sudden, brother Benjamin, there's something next to you. I can't explain it. Brother B said, "It goes against my nature." He says, "But it's a fornowledge of God taking place." It's his fornowledge taking place. Amen. You don't know when you're in most need of it. You're ready to give up. But God rich in mercy. He knows exactly when you have need of and that the that glorified body standing right there to give you a spiritual charge that you need. Oh, it might just be a song, Brother Joe, that you're driving down the road to work. There's a song. Amen. You just had so happened to turn the radio. But God rich in mercy before the foundation of the world planted that song there for such a time as this. Amen. I believe this morning he designs a service, a minister for such a time as this to give you a spiritual charge this morning to let you know you can't, but God can. Hallelujah. Yeah, we're anointed. He says a charge going into a battery. The Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit's in you. It's to charge your body. What a message of the hour. What a quote. I believe I could have read this quote and closed. your own glorified body standing near you right now in Christ Jesus to give you a strength like a charge going into a battery. The Holy Spirit is in you is to charge your body to give you a new strength to give you the ability to overcome. Yes, sir. We're justified in his sight as though you've never done it. We are justified. Can we say amen to that this morning? He said we are his victory. Amen. The church is his victory. We come forth in the last days with a glorious gospel showing his victory. He died for this purpose. We are proof of his victory. Look around you this morning. This is a proof that God's not dead. He's alive. How many's got hands this morning? These are the only hands that he has right here this morning. This is the feet that he has right here this morning. He's standing right there. And he goes, the message teaches it goes a little deeper than that. The Holy Spirit is within you. Oh, yeah. And it's sealed. He's sealed on the inside and that old line devil sealed on the outside. And there's no way that he could ever break the seal. He's not made out of stuff. Can break the penetrate the seal of almighty God. God gave it to you. The world can't take it away. Brother Joe, God gave you the Holy Ghost. Brother Matt didn't give it to you. A church didn't give it to you. But God who is rich in mercy gave you the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. It's proof of his victory. Yes, sir. Brother Ben, it's proof that God's not dead. He's alive. Listen to this quote. Notice that maybe he's getting trying to get our attention here. Notice Notice the vindicated word. You know what vindicate means? To prove it's right. The vindicated word in his body. Yes, sir. It's vindicated. When Jesus rose from the dead, he vindicated. He proved that God's word was truth. But Jared, you my soul. Amen. I in three days I'm going to rise again. This body cannot see corruption. When he rose, when the dawning of that third day at the rising of the su dawn, amen, church, something be to happen in the tomb. Hallelujah. Amen. At the in the hour that we're living in, he said it's a dull sunrise. Oh, this is fresh this morning. Amen. And then he said, "Not only is it the su n dawning, but he said the s o n is dawning upon our lives." Yes, sir. And though they couldn't keep the the son of God in a tomb when the rose, neither are they going to keep us buried in Lady Oia either. What a resurrection that was. And what a resurrection this is this morning. Amen. vindicated. The vindicated word is in his body. It's his very victory and the reason for his death vindicated scripture. We're part of it. Should they behold I sin unto you? Hallelujah. I'm right there. I'm a part of this vindication. Oh yeah, we're the Juliet. He's the Romeo. Hallelujah. And it's a secret catching away. Right in the midst of Leosia, the darkest of darkest, the evil of evil. Right in the midst of Satan's Eden, the S N dawned. Yes, sir. He said it didn't change everybody. Oh, but those dirt that was in housing some seed life, the germ seed of life. Amen. That God gave you before the foundation of the world. Amen. You might have been born of your earthly father and mother. Amen. You born of I'm born of Don and Judy Reynolds. Amen. But this wasn't my first place. Hallelujah. There's a predestinated moment of time. Amen. when the sen was going to dawn over that seed life and it's going to change me from the ridiculous to the sublime. Yes sir. Hallelujah. You are here to prove vindicate that this message is truth. Hallelujah. A vindicated word. a vindicated bridegroom and a vindicated bride to become one. Wasn't that his purpose? His three-fold purpose was being. Amen. All that was in God, I'm going to pour into my son, Christ Jesus. All that was in Christ Jesus, I'm going to morph. I'm going to pour out. I'm going to empty myself out in a many member bride. It was the conding sending of God that we can vindicate. Amen. Oh, somebody's going to vindicate his word this morning. I'm here to tell you the scripture said, "I'm going to have a bride without spot or wrinkle." There is going to be a bride that's going to vindicate that to be right. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them this morning. We're here, church. You're the part, amen, that you're playing out. Behold, I send unto you. You going to vindicate that this message wasn't a fairy tale, but it was a reality. It come to sweep us home. It was a that was born. Amen. It was a rapture. He does all three in his descension. A shout, a voice, and a trumpet. G. And this message was a shout to a waking a little bride out of a dark condition. The same power that shot out in the beginning when those seas were laying dormant in the earth was formed without that didn't look like they had any hope. But light dawn in a dark place and those seas begin to bring forth of its own kind. I believe we're here vindicating the message of the hour. Amen. We're here vindicating. Amen. That this they're going to have a bride that's going to be worshiping and praising their king in the midst of so much darkness. Proving the devil wrong. proving Jesus word, right? People say, "Well, I got to get ready to die." He says, "Oh my, I'm getting ready to live." The thing of it is, he says, "Get ready to live. Live in Christ victorious life over sin, death, hell." Listen to this. I already have the victory. Right. Oh yeah. He's my victory and I'm his evidence. He's my victory. I am his evidence. What's that saying? I'm going to be a vindication. I'm going to vindicate his word to be true. Hallelujah. I am the evidence of his victory. Yes, sir. It's been spoken. So it must be. Hallelujah. Amen. When he said, "Let there be light," it was spoken and it must be. Amen. He said, "I'm going to have a bride in the evening time." He's spoken. It must be. And we're arrived, church. There's not another age to come. This is it. We have arrived. Oh, church. Amen. We're not waiting on a rapture. We are the rapture. Amen. We are beneficiaries of the shout. Oh gord. Oh, if you heard that shout, no doubt. There's not going to nothing keep you from hearing the trumpet of God either. There ain't no grave going to hold this body down. There ain't no dirt going to hold this body down. There's not enough darkness and no sin to hold this body down. It has been spoken, so it must be. Hallelujah. We can't escape it. Brother Randall, he said, "This mortal must put on immortality. It's been spoken, so it must be." This corruption must put on incorruption. It's been spoken, so it must be. He said, I got there's going to be somebody's going to be a witness. It's been spoken. Amen. And it must be. He said, there's going to be somebody that's going to be translated. Somebody is going to walk like Enoch. Somebody is going to take a final step right out of immortal into immortality. And I could say without a shadow of doubt this morning, I am one of them. Oh, how can you say that? They couldn't say it in the under the shuckage. They couldn't stand it under some kind of tassel somewhere. But now he has become me that I could become him by grace. Amen. He said the shuck pulls away as you come to relationship as I and my father are one. Amen. Hallelujah. We can't escape it. It's been spoken. So it must be. He said, "God gives you faith to rise from the muck of the earth. Your faith overcomes the things of the world." He said, "What is your faith?" Your faith is the act that God has did in you to make you a son of God. Hallelujah. It's vindicating you. It's vindicating his word. Hallelujah. You shall receive power, a dunamis power. You shall receive a power, a unit anointing power, a dynamite power. Yes, sir. That's going to blow out unbelief. He said, "Brother Job, but we have treasure in earthly vessels that the excellency of the power be of God and not of me." Yeah. We are troubled on every side. How many can say amen to that? We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. Why? Because we have an uncction from the Holy One. When we're ready to give up, he says, uh-uh. When I was ready to give up, I was ready to give in. There was still something kept holding me. Amen. It's the anchor of the soul is sure and steadfast. Hallelujah. We are perplexed but not despair. Persecuted but not forsaken. Cast down but not destroyed. Why? Because we got treasure in earthly vessels. Hallelujah. And God gives you that faith as much your faith will be released. That's how much power you can have because in you dwells the power to make heaven and earth. God dwells in you. Yes, sir. He said, "You are sons and daughters of God." Thought you're going to be You are sons and daughters of God. And he's right there to give you the strength like a charge going into a battery. There you are. But it's your faith. Jesus said, "According to your faith, bid it unto me." Oh, faith in your anointing. Mary said, "Instead of doubting, brother says, "She behold the handsmaid of the Lord." Bid it unto me according to thy word. He said, "Hallelujah." Oh, that's what we need is some more Marys to take God at his word. She didn't wait till she felt right. She didn't wait till she felt a sensation. Bit it unto me. Bit it unto me according to thy word. She started right then testifying she was going to have a baby. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Didn't know no man. But when she got a visitation from Almighty God and she took faith in that anointing. bid it unto me according to thy word. Amen. And begin to testify, I don't know a man, but I'm going to have a baby. You're crazy. You've lost your mind. But praise God, I've had a visitation. I'm here to tell you this morning, church, he said, we need some more Marys. We've had a visitation in this hour to let us know we've been pregnantated with the word of a king. And where the word of a king is, there is anointing. There is a power. There is victory. Amen. Hallelujah. He's my victory. And I'm his evidence. Hallelujah. When God takes the Holy Spirit and brings the word to you, it makes it alive to you, a reality. That's your faith. Your faith. Stand up and claim it. Just stand up and claim it. For God has not given you a spirit of fear and doubt, but of power uncction from the Holy One. The word there means dynamite. For God has not given you a spirit of fear, but of dynamite to blow out everything that's unlike him. He's standing right next to you right now, giving you a charge just like a battery this morning. Amen. All of a sudden, Brother Tom, those things that seemed uncrossable, now you can cross it. Those bridges that look like you couldn't get over it, now you can go over it. Amen. That giant that's been tormenting your life has now became a a a a scarecrow to you. Yes, sir. And you you realized it by the word of a king. You ain't got no power on me. You're only a bluff. You're only a squatter. You have a bow with no arrows. You have a you're a bee with no stinger. You are defeated. I He's my victory. And I'm his evidence. Yes, sir. That God's not dead. He's alive. Bid it unto me according to thy word. She took him at his word and began to rejoice. Can we have some Marys here this morning? Bid it unto me according to thy word, she took him at his word and began to rejoice. He said before, brother uh brothers and sister before he even felt life, before she even felt life, before she even felt pregnant. Oh, she begin to voice. Amen. Can we have some marriage this morning that has faith in the anointing that says, "I don't care what this flesh says. I don't care what Lady Oia says. I don't care what the world is saying for me in my house. I'm going to serve the Lord. I'm going to rise. I'm going to rise by the faith of our anointing." It says, "I'm greater." I don't care what you're going through. Greater is he that is in me, the uncction from the holy one, than the Goliath that's in your life. Why don't you give a hand clap a praise this morning? Hallelujah. He's my victory and I'm his evidence. I'm his He's my victory and I am his evidence. Hallelujah. Rejoice. She had to testify about it. He said, "As soon as a real genuine Christian faith anchors in a person's heart, listen to this. Let them be bound in a wheelchair, blind, whatever it is, they'll tell it." Oh, yeah. That's right. He says, "I don't care how long they've been bound to a wheelchair, how long they've been blind, Brother Wesley, they're going to tell it." Amen. He said, "We're going to have some marries." He says, He says, "That's right." He said, "They're going to tell somebody, "I'm healed." I'm healed. You're still bound in a cot. I'm healed. You're still bound to feelings. I'm healed. Amen. You're still bound in a wheelchair. Extra, extra. read all about it. Praise God. I am healed. Yes, sir. What was Little Blind uh Blind Ryan? John Ryan was saying, "I'm having faith in my anointing." God said, "Oh, if we can have some more of that." God said I where my feelings says God said the church said but God says my family said but God said this too will pass hallelujah. How do you know you are healed? He said Jesus said so and I believe it. He said there you are. Oh he said yes. Oh, I like to throw that in the devil's face. Oh, yeah. When he stood there at Mayo's that Mayo's them group of doctors around me said, "William Brandom, Reverend Brandham, you're finished." He said, "But Jesus said, I'm healed." Hallelujah. He said, I took him at his word. Doctor said, you're finished. But God said, I'm just getting started. Hallelujah. He said, "Yes, I like to push it back on him every time I get a chance." Oh, is that why we come to church this morning? All the baggage that Satan tried to attach to us all week long, just put it right back in the face. I'm going to church anyhow. I don't care what you said. I don't care what kind of feelings that you raise between me and my brothers or sisters. Amen. For me in my house, I'm going to serve the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Anyhow, push it right back on the devil. He said, "You don't feel any better than you ever felt when I come out of here." That's why he said the devil said to him, "Oh, boy, your ears are still hurting. Your back is still hurting. Your legs are still aching. Your feet are still aching." Oh, but God rich in mercy. I say God's rich in mercy. He's a healer. I'm a vindication of his healing. I'm a vindication that God is not dead, that he's alive. He spoke it. So it must be sir. Amen. He healed my feet. He's healed my eyes. He's healed my ears. And he's the same God. And when the devil pushes it back on you, says there ain't no chance. You don't feel any better than you ever felt. He said, "Brother V's response said, when I come out, come out of there." I said, "Oh, boy. If you want to hear me, praise God. Just stick around. You'll hear me." Yes, sir. I mean, praise him till death shall set me free. Hallelujah. Feelings ain't going to stop my praise this morning. Sickness is not going to stop this bride's revival till death sets me free. Bid it unto me. Faith in my anointing. Faith doesn't mean it's not going to rain or storm, but it's a direct positive that declares this too will pass faith in your anointing. Instead of seeking external validation. Can I have an amen this morning? Instead of seeking an external validation, you trusting the inner guidance that comes from the anointing within. I'm not looking at external validation. Right. I know I can't overcome. I know the enemy is coming in like a flood. He's coming in just like he always does. He's coming to steal, destroy, rob, vandalize, shake up, break down, break fellowship, break unity, break circles. I say let's make a circle bigger this morning. Come on, Grace Tabernacle. Amen. Get out of your comfort zones this morning and make our circle bigger. Amen. Let's do something for a neighbor, amen, that you may not get along with. Let's just do something good for them. Let's call them up and say how much you appreciate him, how much you love him. Let's put it right back in the devil's face. You're not getting my victory. You're not stealing my joy. That's what Shamgar did. Amen. He said enough. It was enough. He said, "You came in and stole my crops year in and year out." Amen. But not today, devil. Not today, devil. He said, "What do you got in your hand?" I ain't no fighter. I'm no warrior. Amen. I've never been in a battle before. But I am circumcised. He said, "I'm a part of the promises of God." And he heard the footsteps of the enemy coming in again. His wife and children ran to the bedroom like before. But there's a righteous Indian nation, brother Bram said, was building up in Shamgar. Not today, devil. And he reached over, brother Ed, and he grabbed an ox go. Come on, somebody. 600 armed, dangerous men. and a little farmer boy with a little rod with a little stick a rock tied to the end of it. Oh, it don't take much this morning, church. Brother, I preach the message. What do you got in your hand? Amen. It doesn't take much if when you're striking and you're striking with the anointing of Almighty God. Oh, church. Amen. Those 600 Philistines are coming in like a flood. But oh, he said, I've got faith in my anointing. I am circumcised. Amen. I'm a part of the promise. This too will pass. Not today, devil. I've worked all year for this. This is my revival. This is my time to shine. This is my time to jump. This is my time to shout. Yes, sir. This is my time. This is the end time. Oh, I'm going to let my little light shine cuz this is my time. Can you imagine what those demons thought? They took his joy every year. They just came in. They just let him have it. Oh, just come on in. Just take everything I worked hard for for all these months. All all the stuff I had in the barn, it's all yours. They just thought it was any other year. But Shamgar got a revelation. And upon this revelation, there wasn't a thousand Philistines. There wasn't armored trucks. There wasn't atomic weapons could stop a one-man invasion. When there was anointed, when he had took faith in his anointing, it was always there. But he needed Shamguard to take faith in his anointing. You imagine here they come in like a flood and here come shouting, screaming. Acts 2:38 screaming baby, screaming to the top of his lungs. This is the day that the Lord has made. I look outnumbered, but just wait. God's going to make this trial a blessing this morning. That was the first one. Second one, church. He was knocking them in the heads with an ox gold. Could you imagine what the other soldiers was thinking? I'd say it was a pretty long day, but he had an uncction from the Holy One. I'm not quitting. Amen. He was in revival mode. Amen. He felt good. Could you imagine the more he took out? This is my time. If I was that last one, I would have ran for dear life after watching 599 get struck with a rock with a stick. Could you imagine? He was too fast for him. He was overshadowed by the right hand of Almighty God. He was unsaddled by a rock in a weary land. Amen. Can I say this? Maybe this is just me. They couldn't even see what was coming. Brother Daryl Ward say like this old runner went back to his king. He took notes of everything that happened out in the battle. And he went back to the king. You say, "Oh king, we got a bunch this year. Oh king, are they getting they they bring the wagons full? Oh king, sit down for this news." Oh, can we have a revival here in 2025 that the running can go back to hell and say, "You ain't going to believe what's happened down there at Grace [Applause] Tabernacle." Amen. That same devil that's got the best of you. Not today, devil. Amen. That's why you're standing here to an overcomer tonight cuz you got to the place Shamgard said. Not today, devil. Smack this morning. And you can begin to say, "Devil, you ain't going to believe what's happened down there at Great Tabernacle. You know that sister that we have beat up all these years, that old hillbilly from Pow Hat was up there screaming and snotting and carrying on preaching about some of these things that William Brandon said. And there was a there was a lady out there. I tried everything I could. I tried the babies. I tried the neighbors. I tried the song Ben was singing. I tried the clapping. I tried to rejoicing. I tried to I tried to disrupt the service all I could. I said the wind tore up the building, but now it's going to be a blessing. That's what kind of God I serve this morning. I tried everything I could do. But they they begin to hear the word and faith come. I ain't going to finish this morning, but it's okay. Faith cometh by hearing. That's right. Hearing the word of God. And they begin to draw strength like a charge going into a battery. They begin to be plugged up. They were planted in the house of their God, and they're going to flourish in the courts of their God. Oh, I'm here to tell you that old runner said, "Oh, king, he took the first one out. I thought it was an accident. He took the He took the first hund out. I began to wonder. I'm here to tell you that old hillbilly from Black Rockck, Arkansas beat down every armed soldier that we had. Who do they join forces with? I don't know. But there was a strong wind. There was a fortress that I've never seen before. Yes, sir. There was a scream that I had never heard before. It was a battle scream. It was a victory scream. Listen, church. He had the victory before he ever went to find knock the first one down. Why? Cuz by faith, brother said, he's seen the victory. Bit it unto me. He said, "No wonder." He said, "No wonder." David said, "The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want." How he leads us beside the still waters and restores their soul and and runs our cup over. And he anoints us in the presence of our enemy. He said, "Did you ever get anointed in the presence of your enemy?" Just testify till you cut run it over. He said, "David," he knew he was anointed and was vindicated to be a good shot. He know that he knew he was a good shot. David was anointed. He knew it. And when he stood before Goliath, he never cried. He said he never cried, "Oh, God, what must I do now?" Or, "Wait, no." He said, "You, you let me kill a bear. You let me kill a lion." But what about this Goliath out here? Huh? He never did that. He just spoke. What did he say? You will be like the bear. You catch us this morning. I know it's simple. Catch it. You're going to be like a lion. He says, "And you will be like one of them." He spoke and went forward. He never prayed a prayer. He never offered nothing. He knowed he was anointed. Listen to this statement. This is where I got my thought. He never prayed a prayer. He was anointed. And he slingshot has proved the right kind of thing. Yeah, he had faith in his anointing. He had faith in his anointing. He had faith that God could direct the rock straight to the middle of the helmet there where the only place could be hit. Are you catching it this morning, brother? He wasn't complaining. Good Lord, that Goliath covered up from head to toe. There's only a little no. Oh, thank God. There's one little opening. You see the difference? He wasn't afraid of missing the mark. Cuz he had faith in his anointing. He knew he wasn't nothing. But he said, "You come to me with a shield. You come to me with a spear, but I come to you in the name of the Lord." He had faith in his anointing. Oh yeah. He knew he was a good shot. The only place he could hit, he was standing there. He knew he was a good shot. Says Savannah probably said, "You know what? When I let that go, that crazy rock hit that line just where I am. I don't know how he done it. But thank God he's rich in mercy. And he was just a hillbilly, a shepherd boy, and said, "If God did it one time, I know he can do it again." He said he know God made him that. He knowed he had killed a lion and a bear, but that was earthly father's possessions. Here is heavenly father possession. He said he didn't get down. He didn't get discouraged. What must I do now? He spoke and said you will be like that. He says amen. Glory to God. He spoke and went forward regardless of the size, regardless of the situation. Give me five more minutes. Now look here. He says, "Son, he's a fighter. He was born to be a fighter. You're nothing but a youth. You're nothing but a housewife or a factory worker. You're nothing but a youth. That didn't bother him. He knew he was anointed. He knew that God that delivered me from the line, that delivered me from the paws of the bear, he bear, he more than able to deliver me from this giant. Amen. He met you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. He didn't pray through. He was already prayed through. God prayed him through before the foundation of the world. He was already prayed through. God prayed him through before the foundation of the world. He was anointed for the job. Oh, I say to you little bride this morning. It's a dark lady or see an age that we're living in, but you're anointed for the job. He has speak and go forward, little bride. That's our revival this morning. Speak be confident of this very thing. He which begun a good work in you. He's going to bring it to an end. He's a determined God to meet the challenge of the age. Yes, sir. How many believe he's going to meet the challenge of the day? Man, I've got so much. God's good to us, isn't he? I'm going to skip some. Is that all right? You mean to tell me that you'll let this uncircumcised Philistine, the unbelievers, say there's no such thing to file the homage of the living God? He said, "I'll go fight him." It was a paradox. A little boy challenged a giant with 14inch fingers, no shield, no sword, no background, a nobody to challenge a man with such degrees and armor. He said is a paradox. He said you meet the Philistine in the name of the Philistine. You meet with me with armor, spear, train, college. He said, 'But I meet you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. He said, "That's it. Trust in God. Trust and your anointing." Goliath was a begging or bragging rather. I've never lost a battle. I'm head and shoulders above all. They had the upper hand. The devil thought he had it all. But listen to this. You see, you was here last night and didn't get healed. You was at a meeting and didn't get healed. Who is that uncircumcised devil? Who is the devil that has no relationship with God at all? Who is the devil stands with nothing but defeated thing before him? His master was defeated at Calvary by the Lord and our conqueror. He said he's a bluff. Christ Jesus stripped him of everything. He's defeated. He says, "I don't care what's wrong with you." Are you hearing me this morning? Yeah. I don't care what the odds is, Sister Eve, this morning. It may be worse than David and Goliath, but if it's revealed to you, David become fearless. Oh, can we have some fearless Davids this morning? David become fearless by faith in his anointing. Look Tom, he saw the victory. He said he saw the victory. Oh bride, by faith this morning I see the victory. It's the dawning of a new day. Amen. Hallelujah. Church, David ran to the battle because he had faith in his anointing. You're going to be like one of them. And he took his revival said he took it around. Begin to slang it around. Oh yeah. Charles be to sling that stone of faith around. And when he let it go, church, just like when you let it go this morning, God comes down in the power of the Holy Spirit and he picks up what you have let go and he picks it up, brother Brown said, and he speeds it up a thousand miles per second. [Applause] Are you hearing me? Just like Shamgar, I say that Goliath didn't see what was going on. He didn't know what was happening. It was so quick. It was so fast. It was pinpoint accuracy. Glory to God. You talk about a revival. Amen. Yes, sir. That undefeated Goliath begin to stagger. Oh, church. I see that old squirming devil here. He don't like this kind of preaching. But we don't really care this morning. I tell you, that giant is staggering. Amen. Because somebody is receiving faith from their anointing. [Applause] And David runs down cuz the job was not finished. He goes down and Goliath laying there on the ground and he grabs the sword of the enemy and he had some uncction from the holy one cuz David could not pick up a giant sword if he tried to. But brother said he picked up the enemy's sword. Hallelujah. He cut the head of Goliath off. Hallelujah. [Applause] He picked it up and he screamed out great tabernacle. God's not dead. He's alive. You're not defeated this morning. Hallelujah. David come fearless. He chopped the head of Goliath. Oh yeah. Brother B said he held his head up and put his foot on that dead body and held up the testimony to the rest of them. See, see what God can do if you have faith in your anointing. Hallelujah. And listen what brother Brown brings it home. I've got a lot left. We're going to close with this. And here the other night when that poor little woman from Mayo's brothers probably sitting here tonight. They done all they could do and couldn't find out what was the matter with her. They come to hear. The devil said, "I've got you. You're defeated. You're going to die. But faith cometh by hearing. hearing the word. She believed God and she said she chopped off the head of the devil and he hung it up before the audience said I was bound by that cot. I came in a coward. I came back I come in defeated. I came in bearing a wheelchair. But I'm a witness. Amen. I'm a vindication. The doctor said I was going to die. But here's the head of that defeat of Goliath. Oh yeah. I'm not going to die. I'm going to live. Oh, that's a way it is, church. That old devil said, "I've got you. You got to pass. You're defeated. You can never get over it." But God condescended down in the hour they were living in. And he set up a victory formation. Hallelujah. We got to have a messenger with a message from the throne to meet the challenge of this day. There is a Goliath, but God will surely have a David somewhere. Remember last time I preached, I said every time the enemy raises up a Goliath, God's got a David somewhere. What is he saying? Amen. When Satan raises up his head and the spirit of an ox, God or a spirit rise it up, he combats it. He said, "X, a a face like a man." He said, "But the last stage is going to be a flying eagle to meet the challenge of the age. She's not going to be earthbound any longer." Amen. She's going to fly in the heavenlies. Hallelujah. She's going to be anointed vindicate the word in this body to prove once and for all this message is right. Somebody's going to prove this message is right. Paul said, "Amen." He speaks and he tells us there's going to become a shout. There's going to be come a time of a voice and a trump and the dead shall rise first and those that are remain. Somebody's going to be here. Somebody's going to vindicate what Paul spoke in the New Testament. Somebody's going to vindicate it. God's word can never come back void. Oh, I'm here to tell you, church, I see a lot of people here that's vindicating this message to be truth. We're proving it, church. How? I'm telling you, cuz we don't have the desires we once had. We've been changed, church. Come on. The old man is dead. He may look the same, but he's dead. Yes, sir. There's been a rising of a sun that's dawned in a dark place and I'm validation that he changed me. Amen. From the ridiculous to the supplied Oh, dumb devils got hit too many times this morning. Let's go ahead. Let's hit him one more time. Not today, devil. Not today. This is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice. I will rejoice. Can I have a Mary? Amen. Rejoice and be glad in it. So I don't feel it. Goliath's still there. Go ahead. Let's try this morning. Come on, Mary. Rejoice. Rejoice. Have faith in your anointing. Amen. Hallelujah. So what happened? Every one of them is laying out there dead. Who done this? It was a man called Shamgar. The guy that we stole from every year. Yes. Hallelujah. Can they say that about us tonight this morning? Hallelujah. If God before us, who can be against us? Hallelujah. Can we have somebody to take faith in their anointing and say, "Not today, devil. I'm going to take every day, every demon that's been following me around. I'm taking the word of God this morning. Hallelujah. Say, can you do it? I know you can. Can you overcome? I know you can. Oh, yeah. Can I overcome this? I know you can. Can I overcome layer of sleep? Yes, I know you can. Cuz I'm a witness. I'm a witness. I used to be a coward, but I'm a witness. God's not dead, he's alive. I'm a witness that when I got down to my lowest, he couldn't pick me up. I'm a witness like Job was when all hope was gone, didn't feel like nobody around cared, all of a sudden that line tightened up to my absolute. Hallelujah. And it begin to echo into my heart. I can never let you go. I can never let you go. Preachers can let you go. Churches can let you go. But Christ said, I can never let you go. Don't you love him this morning? How many feels like letting go of the faith this morning? As much faith you release, that's how much power you can have this morning. I say there's going to be a releasing like never before under the revealing of this message. It's just going to begin to unfold. It's going to we're going to start speeding up so fast and this world's going to begin to slow down and all of a sudden we're going to be changed. We're going to validate it. We're going to vindicate it. I'd say I'm one of them. How you know? I've already turned heavily. I'm going to vindicate it. I've already had a resurrection with it. How many's had a resurrection? How many's had a resurrection? Amen. Come on. You can do better. How many's been had a resurrection already in your soul? It's the earnest. It's the earnest. It's saying, "Brother Cho, it's coming. It's coming. You can't miss it. You can't be defeated. You can't be stopped. What God has started, nothing can stop it. [Applause] If brother Matt starts it, another man can stop it. If this church can start start it, then another church can stop it. But if God starts it, there ain't no man can stop it. Ain't no church can stop it. It's God who's rich in mercy. Yes, sir. Oh, if you love him, stand to your feet this morning. Hallelujah. Can we have some Marys to give a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. Not today. Not today, devil. I feel like praising praising him. I feel like praising him this morning. The king of glory. The king of glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Can you just bow your hearts this [Music] morning? Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, can we be a David this morning? Have an have have a little faith in that anointing. This too will pass this morning, Lord. That's been a theme of my life, Lord God. Lord God, I I I've been there through the darkest of the darkest, Lord God. Lord, you never forsaken me one time, Lord God. I was ready to let go of you, but you can never let go of me. Lord, we thank you for that this morning, Lord God, for you promised, Lord God, that you can never forsake us. You can never leave [Music] us, Lord. We thank you for your word this morning. We thank you for your promises. Thank you for a victory formation in the hour that we're living in. The enemy exhausted all of his options and we found in this age an overcomer victory by the blood of the lamb and the word of our testimony. Lord we pray Lord God that you anoint us aresh this morning Lord. Anoint your saints Lord God. Lord God they've been battling their their golas of listings this morning Lord God. Maybe they would get faith in their anointing by the ministering of your word this morning, Lord. That you would give them the energy. God would give them strength in their in their body like a like a strength into a battery. Lord God, Lord God, let the dunamis power of the dynamite of God would begin to blow up in their lives and stir up a revival in Jesus Christ's name. This morning we ask, hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Do you love him this morning? [Music] I stand all the pres. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. Whom the wisdom of the [Music] aes. Whom the rage of the sea [Music] subides. Living sacrifice. [Music] My hope is in the Lord this time all and ever more. My hope. Do you have a hope this morning? Not a hope that's envy with faith, but a hope. An outcome. The word hope in the Old Testament means outcome. We have an outcome this morning. He died for this purpose, Brother Tom. He didn't stay in the tomb for you. He rose on the third day for you. That's our outcome. He sent back the Holy Ghost. That's our outcome. It's vindicated here this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] At rest, my hope is in the Lord this time all and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. for his tender mercies. His tender mercies come with every rise inside. Aren't you thankful for his mercies new every day to meet the sinner and his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness? Listen now. Oh, that's it. has faith and anointing. Oh my is in the Lord. Not your finances, not in your homes and gardens, not even in your church. Our hope is in the Lord this [Music] morning. That's where our hope lays. Let's sing that first verse one more time this morning. I stand it all. All within the presence of the Lord. And whom the wisdom of the age just lies. And whom the raing of the seas subsides. All living sacrifice. The only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. This time on and ever more. My hope is in the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can you give Lord a praise this morning? Hallelujah. Let's sing this little chorus just before we turn the orders of service. Peace of [Music] God. Can you just lift your hands to him and worship him? Let's sing a song together. Oh peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover [Music] me. God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me. Cover me. [Music] Cover me. Don't you like that this morning? Oh, peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me. Only in you I am saved. Hallelujah. Yes. Only in you I'm secure. Yes. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all understand. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Oh peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me through the [Music] storm. Cover me. Only in you I am saved. Are you saved this morning? Yes. Only in you I'm secure. Only in you I found. So cover me. God bless you this morning. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Oh, cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my strength is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Oh, cover me. Sing that part again. Cover me when I am hurting. Oh, and cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my strength is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. Cover me. Oh, cover me. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise this morning. How is that your prayer this morning that his peace would just come and overshadow you? I'm sure David felt that way. You know, he had a vindicated message he was carrying because he knew my God had already delivered me from the bear. He already delivered me from the lion. So, what is this Philistine? He's just nothing. You say, "Well, he picked up five stones." Well, he you think you think David was worried that God might have he might not be able to him the first time. You know, because David knew he says there's this Goliath and then he has four more brothers. So, that's who I'm going to go kill. And you know, that's how we are this morning. We can just go forth forth believing that we have a vindicated word that whatever is said is already done. It's a finished work. We just got to go forth with faith believing that it's already going to be accomplished in us. Amen. Let's sing that song. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. How many can you say that this morning? Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind cuz victory today is mine. Sing it again. Oh, and victory is mine. Yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. For I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today, when I woke this morning, oh, and when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that my Lord would bring me out. So, I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shouting the victory. Oh, cuz victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz victory today is my joy. Oh, and joy is mine. Yes, joy is mine. Oh, joy today is mine. Cuz I told Satan to get thee behind. Cuz joy today it is mine. Oh, healing, yes. And healing is mine. Yes. Healing is mine. Oh, healing today is mine. Oh, I told Satan, "Get thee behind cuz healing today." Oh, the rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture is mine. The rapture today is [Music] mine. Cuz I told Satan to get thee behind. The rapture today. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory today is mine. And I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today. Sing it once more. Oh, and victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes. Victory today is [Music] mine. Oh, I told Satan to get thee behind. Victory today is mine. Praise him. Oh, and praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Yes. Praise him. I'll praise him when the sun goes. Oh, sing it again now. Yes. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new town. Praise him. Oh, praise him. I'll praise him when the sun goes down. Oh, I will love him. I love him. I love him in the morning. Love him in the new time. Love him. Yes. Love him. I love him when the sun goes down. Oh, I will trust him. Trust him. I'll trust him in the morning. Trust him in the new time. Trust him. Yes. Trust him. I'll trust him when the sun goes down. Yes, I will serve him. Oh, serve him. Oh, serve him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Oh, serve him. I'll serve him when the sun goes down. Cuz there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood. Oh, sing it once more cuz there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the precious. Oh, just once more. Cuz there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, of the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? How many can you say you got that power this morning? Amen. He kept talking about that your future self is there right next to you giving you power to overcome. And this song kept coming on my heart. And I'm going to have Sister Eve help me sing it cuz how many you waiting for that day you step into your theophony. Oh yeah. Amen. Brother Tim, if you could pull up that song, we'll get this I know she sings it and I my voice is very rough so I'm gonna have her help me sing it. [Music] One day [Music] I'm at 50. It's going to set me free. My theophony. Sing that first verse. Oh, don't you worry little children should death knock on your door that leads to the heavenly there is no heartache, no sorrow, grief or pain, just perfect Peace and joy beyond compare. Oh, one day I'm going and take a step into my the one [Music] day into my theop. One day I know that final stand. It's going to set me free. My [Music] name go. It's a calling. Come up. It's a calling. Come up a little higher into a perfect world. Come up a little higher into the [Music] agar through the heavenly my theophony. I hear it calling me. Sing that second verse. Well, over the next hill I look. Oh, I see victory around the next curve in the road. That old devil. He's got to flee. God's army is marching. We're marching onward to save that old enemy around the next curve. I see Jesus coming for me. Oh, one day I'm going to take a step to my theophony. One day I'm going to take another step into my theop. One day I know that final step, it's going to set me free. My theophony I hear it. Oh, it's a call and come up. It's a call and come up. A little higher into the perfect world. Come up a little higher into the agape. Oh, come up a little higher. Soar through the heavenly my theophony. I hear it. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. How many we can say you're one of them that's going to vindicate that word right there. And let's just bow our heads as we get ready to go. Just remember those that are away on vacation, the ones that are coming back from the camp. Remember our pastor, keep him in prayer that the Lord would just give him strength during this time of rest. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just come before you, Lord. Thanking you for this day that you've given us, Father, the word that was spoken to us, oh God, showing us, Father, that we're anointed for victory, oh God, that we just have to put our faith in your anointing, Father, that you have the finished work and that we will just step into our theophony one day, Lord. Lord, we're longing for that day, oh God. May we just be in step with your word, Father, walking true to it, oh God, walking in the light, oh God. We just commit everything to you. Ask that you would just give traveling mercies to those that are coming home from the camp. Keep him safe, Father. Be with our pastor during this time away, oh God. May he just have a good time. Give them strength, Father, and rest during this time with this family, oh God. May you just bless them, oh God. Touch the ones that are sick, Father, and body. May you just bring us back safely Wednesday, ready to hear your word, oh God. We just commit everything to you. We just love you and praise you. Jesus name I pray. Amen. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I could say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can. Amen. You are dismissed. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. him. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, one of them.
