################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-18 - Bro Andrew Glover | God has made a Visitation| 10-18-2025 - Andrew Glover - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-18
Title:   Bro Andrew Glover | God has made a Visitation| 10-18-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn7JxWYMz0E
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] name is Oh, break every stronghold this morning, Lord. Oh, shine through the shadows. We're like a fire. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh, Jesus in the streets. Oh, Jesus in the darkness. over every enmy. Oh yes, Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jes. Oh, shout Jesus this morning. Shout Jesus from the mountains. Oh Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness. Over every enmy. Oh yes, Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name of Jesus. Oh, there's power in that name today. Oh, cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows burn alive cuz your name is power. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Yes. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. [Music] Oh, aren't you thankful there's a name we can call today? Whatever your trouble it may be, just speak the name of Jesus and he'll come by and he'll meet every need today. Certainly good to be gathered here once more in our last service. For all of our visitors, those that made the trip up, we certainly appreciate you guys coming out, being here with us. I know some travel long distance. We just enjoy the fellowship with each and every one of you. Just longing for that day where we can gather just once more around the throne and we could just worship God. Don't have to go home. Don't go have don't have to go to work or anything. We can just sit and praise the Lord. Amen. for the west that we open the service. [Music] [Music] I sing that song. There's a river of life. There's river flowing out. Oh yes, there's a river of life. [Music] It makes the lame to walk to see it opens prison doors. those captives free for there's a river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up a well and give to me oh that life abundantly. Oh yes. And there's a river of life that's flowing out from me. It makes the lake to walk and the blind to see. It opens prison doors. Set those captives free. Cuz there's a river of life going out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up, oh well, and give to me. Oh, that light. Oh, sing it just once more now. Oh, yes. And there's a river of life flowing out from me. It makes the lame to walk. I needed eyes to see. Opens prison doors, sets those captives free. Cuz there's a river of life flowing out from bring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me move. Spring up a well and give to me. Oh, that light above me. Oh, why don't you give a hand clap of praise this morning? And it is joy unspeakable and full of glor of glory of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never yet been full. And I have found his grace is all of me. He's abide in every need. Oh, while I sit and learn it. Oh, are you free this morning? I'm free. Yes, free indeed. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh that has never yet been told. And I have found the pleasures that I straight. It is joy and peace within. Oh, what a wonderous blessing. I am saved from the awful of sing. And it is joy unspeakable and full. A glory full. A glory is full. A glory. It is joy unspeakable and full. A glory all that has yet. And I have found that hope so bright and clear. Living in the realm of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence. It is so near. I can see his smiling face. And it is joy unspeakable and full. A glory. A glory. A glory it is joy. Unspeakable of glory. Oh the house has never yet. Oh have you found that joy? I have found that joy. No tongue can tell. How it waves of glory roll. And it is like a great or flowing well. It's springing up within my soul. And it is sure your unspeakable and full. A glorious full of glory. A glory. It is sure your unspeakable and full of glory. Oh. Oh, sing it again now. And it is joy. [Music] of glory and is joy unspeakable and full of glory that happens has never yet been told. Oh, and I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Yes, I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed. It is now my name. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Well, I've been reborn now and all my life. It has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when my Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. And though my sins, they were scared. Yes, there wide as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. Oh, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, cuz I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life it has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh my life. Oh, let's sing that second verse again. Now, see my sins, they were scarlet, but their white has snow. I was down, but today I am free. Yes, I was lost out in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind. Praise God, I can see. Oh, cuz I've been straight. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. See what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has mentioned last verse. And when at last in his presence for I stand above. He will wipe every tear provide. Oh will you thank him? I'll thank him for giving a rest like me a new home. Behold. Oh let's all stand this morning cuz I've been changed. Oh I've been reborn. Now on my heart it has been rearranged. See what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh my life. Oh, I got to sing that last verse again now. And when at last in his presence I stand up above. He will find every tear from my eyes. Oh, and I'll pay him for giving a rest like me a new home beyond the sky. Oh, cuz I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life are singing again as the brothers come for the offering. Yes, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life has been changed. Oh, if you give a hand of praise this morning, aren't you thankful you're changed? Amen. for the morning. We go ahead and pray the offer [Music] and [Music] a stranger. I'm wondering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh yes. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Yes. with the saints margin. And oh, I know I'll see my Savior. If my life is free from sin, yes, heaven's doors, they'll open for me. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Yes. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. And when we gather around God's throne and the gates, our coast within, yes, I'll be shouting, glory, glory. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, yes. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring. [Music] See, now I'm waiting for my pe off me. Oh, to swing low and I'll step on in. Oh, on the clouds I'll ride to heaven. Yes, when the saints go maring in. Oh yes, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, in the s. Oh, why don't you turn and shake your neighbor's hands this morning. [Music] See, now I'm waiting for my tea off day. or twist swing low. Then I'll step on in. It's on the clouds. I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints go marister Gabriel, if you'll come, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Yes. When the saints go on, all give a hand clap of praise this morning. Aren't you thankful you're going to be in that number? [Music] Well, I [Music] didn't care if he [Music] ris rising with the fire in my soul. The same power now and forever. No, you're not. [Music] I know the God of the old is the God of the new. I know that you did it then and you still do. You still do. Do you remember the roar of the choir as they praised him for hours? He filled the room. Oh, I remember when they told her she had cancer and they didn't have the answer. But where there's three and two, the same power now and forever. No, you're not through. Same words can speak to the mountains and make them move. But I know the God of the old is the God of the new. I know that you didn't. You still do. You still do. You're so mighty and strong, faithful and true. You'll make the way. That's just what you do. The break through the chains and end. I'll send it over and over. The same power now and forever. No, you're not. Same words can speak to the mountains and make them move. But I know the God of the old is the God of the new. I know that you and you still do. still do. Well, I know the God of the old is the God of the new [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Just like a king would send his name to free a prisoner. Oh, it's just the same. Oh, use his name. He's your deliverer. Oh, there's no power that can hold you when his name is applied. He can break the prison chains. You choose his name. Use his name. Oh, his name moves mountain. Use his name. His name is fountain. Use his name. Your words become the words of a king. If there's a mountain you are facing. Oh, there's a giant in your way. If you're in prison, he's your escape. Use his name. Oh, they stood and sadly watched as he ascended. Oh Lord, please stay for our needs. We depended. Jesus left them with a weapon. A sure way of defense. Speak with faith. The Lord did say, "Use his name. Use his name." Oh, his name moves mountain. Use his name. His name opens. Use his name. Oh, your words become the words of a king. If there's a mountain you want moving, if there's a giant in your way, if you're in prison, this is the key. Use his name. [Music] does is the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders are too many to tell. And the same God who parted the raging red sea. [Music] He's the same God that's living in me. Oh, he's the same God. Oh, he spoke to that woman at that well. The same God whose wonders are too many to tell. The same God he parted the raging Red Sea. He's the same God who's living in me. So I'll use his name. Oh, cuz his name moves mountains. Use his name. His name mountains. use his name. Oh, your words become the words of a king. If there's a mountain you are facing, if there's a giant in your way, if you're in prison, he's your escape. Use his name. I was in prison, but I escaped cuz I used that name. Aren't you thankful for that name today? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing that song. He's alive or well. He's alive and well. That same name that was used back then is just as powerful it is today. Amen. We'll sing the song as the choir comes. Yes, he's alive. Oh, and well, oh, he's living in me. Oh, to tell the world that he is the same. I know that he's the same yesterday, oh, and forever. by Jesus is alive. And we'll sing it once more now. Oh yes, he's alive. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Take the breath in these lungs only. [Music] This heart's a vessel and the love that pours out. Let it be sweet perfume. Poured out on you. I give you the glory. All of the glory. I give you the glory. Again and again. This praise isn't for me. My worship is only to give you the glory forever. Amen. Forever. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's only one name who deserves every song who's worth my purest response. In the name of Jesus, high above every other, it's all for you. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's all for you. I give you the glory. All of the glory. I give you the glory. again and again. This praise is it for me. My worship is only to give you the glory forever. Amen. Forever. Amen. [Music] Everything [Music] glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When I give you praise, when I speak your name, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory, everything I am, everything I do. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory. When I give you praise, when I speak your name, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory Everything I am, everything I do, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory when I give you praise when I speak your name. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. I give you the glory. All of the glory I give you the glory again and again. This praise is for me. My worship is only to give you the glory forever. Amen. Forever. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] Everything I am, everything I do, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory. When I give you praise, when I speak your name, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory. Everything I am, everything I do, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory. When I give you praise, when I speak your name, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory in everything I am, everything I do. Lord, the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory. When I give you praise, when I speak your name, all the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. I give you the glory. All of the glory. I give you the glory. Again and again, his praise is empowering. My worship is only to give you the glory forever. Amen. Forever. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Everything glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. All the glory. &gt;&gt; When I give you praise, when I speak your name, the glory belongs to you. All the glory belongs to you. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord this morning. You know, every one of us was guilty. I was like Barabus. He was already proven guilty, but one stepped up, Brother Morgan. He said, "I'll take his place." Everything we could ever be, what I am today. I might have been in a grave somewhere, Brother David. But God chose fit for me to be here this morning. And I want to sing a song that I've been It's an old song, but man, it's always dear to my heart. There was a mountain. There were three trees. There was a good man. There were two threes. [Music] A man called Barabus was doomed for a tree. But Jesus took that middle one. Barabus went free. And I love that man in the middle. Oh, praise the Lord this morning because I know he first loved me. And praise to that man who died on Mount Calvary. That middle man made it possible that I could go free. All listen now. A hill called Gotha, the place of a sky. No yellow flowers, no trees in bloom. The scenery was so dull. Three crosses stood black and bold against a darken sky. Not from pain but a broken. [Music] Oh, I love that man. Tell him how much you love him this morning. [Music] Because I know he first loved me. And praise to the man who died on Mount Calvary. That middle man made it possible that I could go free. And I love that man in the middle because I know he first loved me. [Music] And praise to the man who died on Mount Calvary. That middle man made it possible that I could go free. Amen. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? I mean, say, "I fell in love with him &gt;&gt; a long time ago." Amen. Isn't it wonderful to serve God? &gt;&gt; You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Just a blessing to be able to be in the house of the Lord. Sure. Enjoy those specials. And how about that Grace Tabernacle choir? My is that tremendous? God bless you young people. Amen. Such a zeal to do something for the Lord. Ain't nothing that touches my heart any more than that to see young people on fire for the Lord. Amen. Just to worship God. I believe that God created us for that. Amen. He's put something in us to cause us to to draw draw back to him. Amen. It's because we were a part of God. We get in the presence of God and there's something in us that just lifts our hands and it lifts our voice and it ain't nothing that we have to do on our own, but it's something that God just draws out of us. Amen. I feel like that sometimes I just like the like the grass or the the trees that are just growing and when the sun comes out and begins to just bake over them, they just stretch out their leaves and and bloom and all those wonderful things happen. That's what happens in the presence of the Lord. Amen. I just want to be able to be a worshshiper in the house of God. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Sure. Want to say that we've been enjoying the meetings. How many's been enjoying the the meetings? Trust blessing. [Applause] Sure. Good to be here. And brother Andrew will be speaking for us. Most of the visitors have gone. That's Sunday morning. So we're going to have church and we still had a few visitors left. I So God bless you visitors that are here and we sure expect people in their local services meetings. They go kind of back to the home church on Sunday morning. So um we just get to feed a little bit more. Amen. On the meeting and pray for all the local services the Lord really move in a special way. Maybe something that took place in the meeting that would be a benefit to every church. That's why we have the sacrifice of having meetings everywhere we go. Whether it's meeting here or down the road or another state, we want to be able to encourage the bride of Christ. Amen. And draw closer to God. How many's looking forward to the word of God this morning had asked for prayer for his wife this morning is having some troubles with her spine. And maybe if there's any other needs this morning that you have, maybe just lift your hand to the Lord. God sees every hand. He knows what we have need of. We're not asking a man to do it. We're asking God to do it. Amen. So, let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you, Lord. God, we're so thankful for all that's been done and been said. And Lord, what a tremendous outpour of the Holy Spirit, Lord, that we've experienced over the past few days. And Lord, how we are so honored to be in your presence this morning, God. We're so thankful for all that you do for us, Lord. how that you never fail us. Lord, you promised that you would hear us in a time of need. And God, here there's many needs here this morning, Lord. God, some that are sick and body, Lord, that are looking for a touch, Lord, a miracle to take place in their life, Lord. They're looking for healing, looking for encouragement, Lord. Maybe they just need a word from the Lord this morning. God, we just ask you that you would take your liberty in this service, Lord. May you heal those that are sick, Lord. Lift, we lift them up before you, Lord, this morning, God. May your will be done in this service. We ask, Lord, you'd give our brother such a special anointing, Lord, that he could just get out of the way and let the gift of God operate in his life, Lord, that it would move among the church, Lord, that we could leave this place knowing that we've been blessed. We thank you for it now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I have made a sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you more for your mercy ever fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. How many can testify that this morning? For I know all my life you have been faithful. All the love you have so so with every breath that I wait for. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I've heard that many times. You've led me through every fire in the darkest now. You've been close like no other. I've known you as a father and known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of a great and I say all my life you have been faithful all my life you've been so with every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. And I say, "All my life, you have been faithful." Has he been faithful to you in the time of trouble? He's never You've never forsaken us. Can you give him worship this morning? Lord, I'm so thankful to you, Lord. You've never failed me in my time of trouble. Lord, you've always showed up. I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. For you have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You've been close like no other. I've known you as a father. know you as a friend and I have seen in the goodness of God. So I say all my life you have been faithful. Yes, my Lord. All my life you've been so good. Every breath that I am, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, let's sing it one more time. All my life you have faithful. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I made, I will be sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness. How many can give him a hand clap of praise this morning? How many believe she's worthy to be praised? How many believe he deserves all the glory, all the honor, all that we could give him? Amen. He deserves it all and more. Amen. His goodness, his mercy, his grace. Amen. To allow us, Amen. to stand in his presence this morning. I don't know if you realize what a what a privilege it is. We're not standing in his presence condemned this morning. Amen. But we're standing in his presence redeemed. Amen. We got a confession this morning. I have been redeemed. Amen. By the blood of the lamb. And amen. We're not just redeemed and sitting on the pew, but we're overcoming. Amen. Gaining ground and overcoming the enemy. How many is thankful for the grace of God this morning? Amen. We thank the Lord for his presence. My Amen. What a powerful song service this morning. Amen. Just the anointing of the Lord so rich among us. Amen. How many enjoyed that choir? Amen. Wasn't that wonderful this morning? Thank you. Amen. A lot of work goes into that. We thank the Lord. Amen. For his blessings upon them young people. As I was just standing there in the back and looking at him sing, I couldn't help but go back just a few years ago when we first started coming down here. Brother Matt, some of them young kids were just running around, young kids. And to see him growing up in the things of God and living this word. Amen. Now, we can sit around and we can talk about the young people and their issues and their struggles or we pray for them. We can support them and hold up the bloodstain banner over their life. Amen. I sure am proud of those young people this morning. Amen. We want to say it's been a wonderful meeting this week and the grace of God and his mercy moving among us so mightily. Want to thank brother Matt for this opportunity this morning to speak to you once again and to be standing shoulderto-shoulder with these men of God. Brother Jonathan, what a powerful message. Brother Wayne, Brother David, last night, just tremendous word from the Lord. And I leaned over last night, I told Brother Mark, Brother Dave was preaching. I said, "Man, if I preach like that, that'd be two chiropractor visits in the followup." Man, wasn't that just wonderful word? Last night, amen. The Holy Ghost just using the man of God. I don't know about you, but I I want to water the camels. Amen. I I want to water what's going to take me home one of these mornings. Amen. So many visitors here. places. We say God bless you all. Got some dear friends of ours here from down from Virginia, brother Kevin, Sister Bliss, and Sister here. God bless you all. Sure. Good to have you here this morning. Very, very dear friends to our heart. And of course, the body of Christ is our family. Amen. And I wonder this morning, we just bow our hearts for a word of prayer before we open the word today. I know it's the final service of these meetings and but I wonder this morning if you' just say, "Lord, just come by my way one more time and to me. Lord, let your word discern my heart and the thoughts and intents of my life. Almighty God, as we approach you this morning on this resurrection Sunday, Father, we're so thankful that you've given us such a wonderful day to serve you and live for you. Lord, as we woke up this morning and to see the sun shining on the outside, Father, Lord, to feel that warmth of the sunlight, the su, Lord, it was only testifying of what we're feeling on the inside, the s. Lord, this morning, we're so thankful to be gathered in your house under that great resurrection light. Lord, knowing, Father, to the world it's a it's a dead religion. It's just a an idea of a man, but to us it's our life, Lord. To us, it's a it's more religion. It's our our vision. It's our purpose of being. Father, Lord, I'm so thankful I can testify this morning that the sun is up this morning. And Lord, if the sun is up, then every chain is broken. Lord, if the sun is up, every demon is defeated. Lord, if the sun is up this morning, that is a testifying moment, Lord. That the grave is empty this morning. Lord, I can raise my hands and testify that you're not in a grave in Jerusalem. Lord, you're not in a tomb in Jeffersonville, but you're right here this morning embodying yourself in this redeemed people standing before me. Lord, we want to thank you this morning for moving among us so mightily this week, Lord. How you have just come through with wave after wave after wave of your glory and wave after wave of your presence, oh God. Lord, stirring hearts and changing lives and Lord, rekindling fires. God, we want to say thank you this morning. Lord, we want to thank you for every healing that took place in every sick body. Lord, we want to thank you for every deliverance that took place in every bound spirit, oh God. And Lord, I pray this morning as we endeavor to look into your word once more. Lord, may you open the windows of heaven this morning. And may may you fill this this building with your shakana glory. Father, I pray every enemy that would try to hinder this meeting in any way would be bound this morning. His power would be broken. And Lord, the sons and daughters of God can leave these meetings refreshed, Lord. They can leave here charged for the present, oh God, but changed for the future, Lord. Now, Father, we commit this meeting and this day in thy faithful hands. Have your way among us today. And when it's all said and done, we'll be sure to stand back and give thee all the glory and give thee all the honor for you're worthy of it all. In the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. And all the believers says, "Amen." And amen. God bless you this morning. If you have your Bibles, while you're standing with us, we want to go to the book of St. Luke, the 19th chapter. Amen. St. Luke chapter 19 verse 41. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Luke chapter 19 and verse number 41. And when he was come near, he beheld the city and wept over it, saying, If thou hadest known, even thou at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace. So at one time they belonged, but now they are hid from thine eyes. For the day shall come upon thee that thine enemy shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee round about, and keep thee in on every side. Now, he's speaking of the destruction of Jerusalem. Now, look at verse 44. And shall lay thee even with the ground, and thy children within thee, and they shall not leave thee in one stone upon another. Now, that's a very a very dark situation. And you know why that situation is like that? Because thou kneest not the time of thy visitation. Because thou kneest not the time of thy visitation. The book of first Peter chapter 2. 1 Peter chapter 2. I want to read there in 1 Peter chapter 2 and verse number 12. You love the Lord this morning. 1 Peter 2 and 12. having your conversation honest among the Gentiles, whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation. &gt;&gt; Glorify God in the day of visitation. We ask the Lord this morning to bless the reading of his word. As you can have your seat here today from those scriptures this morning, I want to take a thought this morning. I've spoke this message uh several times and and the Lord gave it to me some some time ago and it's just been been up on my heart the past few weeks and for this morning and I pray it would be okay just to share it with you here today. But I want to draw this uh from a prayer in 1962 in the sermon the uncertain sound. Brother Ram says, "Heavenly Father, I pray the I pray the prayer for them with all my heart. I give them to you." He says, "They're trophies of the message. They are trophies of your visitation. Being here tonight, seeing you walk among us, doing works that's never been done since the foundation of the world until these last days. Here they are. They're your children. I commend them to you, Lord. You give them to us and we give them to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Watch over them and raise them up at the last day. I may never be able to shake their hands on this earth. But when the battle is over and the last trumpet is sounded and the dead has raised from the grave and the live has been called up together with them to meet the Lord in the air, then may I have fellowship with Jesus Christ and them around the throne through the eternal ages that is to come. He says, "Grant, Lord, they are yours in the name of Jesus Christ." Now, uh, from those passages this morning of Luke 19, 1 Peter 2 and that quote, I want to speak to you on this. Trophies, Amen, of his visitation. &gt;&gt; Trophies of his visitation. Of course, brother Brandon will say in 1960, he says, now we've had healings and speaking with tongues and miracles and so forth. He says, but it's that visit is what we're looking for tonight. Amen. Amen. It's that visit is what we're looking for tonight. Again, is your life worthy of the gospel? He said when God is making a visit to the church, amen, and to the people, receive it then. Don't put it off. Amen. Until the next year or the next revival, amen, you receive it right then. Now, when you start looking here at this visitation, Amen. A visitation is a special, amen, dispensation of divine favor or wrath. So when there's a visitation, that visitation is going to cause favor, amen, to come up on your life or it's going to cause wrath, amen, to come up on your life. And the prophet would say this. He said, Christ is visiting the Gentile church now. Amen. And I know it's a time where people get to digging in their genealogies and and then they get to looking and finding maybe 2.3% of Israelite blood and all of the sudden they're Moses or Elijah or they're going to take the gospel back and they start observing feast and blowing sofars and all. Amen. But we're not a bunch of Jews here this morning. Amen. We are Gentiles. Amen. That has been saved by the blood of almighty God in this hour that we're living in. We're not trying to be something outside of what God has ordained us to be. Amen. According to the message of the hour. So we can say this morning that we are Gentiles that has been redeemed by the blood of almighty God. He said Christ is visiting the Gentile church. It's the it's the evening lights that's shining. Now the prophet said in the evening time it shall be light. He said now is this hour. This is the time. And if you'll just take that, now listen, if you'll just take that little, amen, some kind of a little something that wants to make you kind, amen, of halfway believe it, &gt;&gt; and halfway doubt it. There's something that wants you to halfway believe it and something wants you to halfway doubt it. Amen. But if you'll brush that thing aside, amen, and come now. Amen. It's Christ Jesus Christ who is the son of God. And he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Brother Ram said, "It has been proven that God is visiting the people today." He said, "God is in his church. He's trying to purge that church. He's trying to take the leaven out. He is sending messengers and signs and wonders and miracles and everything trying to prove that he loves them." Amen. And he wants to clean them up. Amen. I know it's a time where nobody wants to be preached on and cleaned up. Amen. But I want to raise my hand this morning and say, "Thank God that he loves me enough that he will allow me to sit underneath the washing of the water of the word that I would not be living a filthy life. I would not be living a contaminated life, but I would be living a life that would be saying, "Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord God Almighty." Amen. When you think about this visitation, the Bible, it actually speaks directly of the visitation in Job chapter 10 and 12. He says, "Thou hast granted me life." Amen. And favor, your favor is coming from the visitation of God. And thy visitation has preserved thy spirit. Amen. In Psalms 102 and 13, David said, "Thou shalt arise and have mercy upon Zion." Now, who is Zion? Amen. sign is a type of the bride. Amen. Thou shall arise and have mercy upon the bride for the time to favor her. Yay, the set time is come. Amen. Do you realize that God before the foundation of the world? Amen. On his calendar. Amen. Now, we we scheduled these meetings some time ago and we put it on a calendar. Amen. And now the time has come. Amen. For the meetings. The time is here. Amen. It was on a calendar and it was coming. Amen. But then someday you recognize on Wednesday and meetings are no longer coming. Amen. The meetings are here. And do you realize before the foundation of the world that God put your name on the lamb's book of life and he scheduled a time to visit you? Listen, that time is not coming. That time has not been here. That time is here right now. God is visiting the bride. Reverend said, "Oh, may the power reach down and pick up the people and shake them, Lord, and let them realize that this is the day of their visitation. This is the time that the Lord has set." Hallelujah. This is the time that the Lord has set. This is the time of their healing. I think it's powerful that every generation, Amen, receives a visitation. Brother said, "What is that?" It's when the promises of that age begin to come to pass. &gt;&gt; I thank thee tonight for the Holy Ghost. How many is thankful for the Holy Ghost and for the visitation of him? Amen. Right here in this building, even right here now, the very spirit according to the word of God which is infallible and cannot fail. He says the same spirit, now y'all want to preach this morning. The same spirit, amen, that raised Jesus from the grave is right here in our midst. Now, that's not me. That's not another preacher. That is a vindicated prophet making a declaration that the same spirit that walked into that borrowed tomb and raised our Lord Jesus on the third day, that spirit is not a million miles away, but he's right here in the building this morning. And if your eyes can come open to the reality, this is not just a tent meeting. This is not just a Sunday morning service. This is not just a bunch of religious people gathering up here to sing a few songs. This is God returning in flesh to visit this generation. I say if there's ever been a time, Amen. Now is the time. Now is the season. Amen. If not you, then who? If not now, then when? if not this message and what's going to get us ready for a rapture. But I stand here this morning and propose unto you that this is the final call. This is the Eleazar call. This is the message God has prophesied to be sent in this age. My if there's ever been a time, now is the time to realize the seriousness of the visitation of God as it was in the days of Noah. How many knows we're living in those days again? &gt;&gt; So will it be only this time, brother said, instead of water, it'll be fire. Now, amen. The world will be rocked by atomic power. Oh God, may men and women everywhere realize the seriousness of the visitation of God. He says, "The gospel is being preached like it was in the days of Noah." Now listen, it's fanaticism to the world, but it's glorious. And it's welcome to those who are willing to come in into the ark of safety which is Christ. Amen. Now Zion is a type of the bride. Right? Amen. So now, amen, is the time of favor. Can I say this? It's a divine favor for the sons of God. In 1 John chapter 3 and 1, he says, "Behold what manner of love the father hath bestowed upon us that we should be called &gt;&gt; the sons of God. Therefore the world knoweth us not." Now listen, "Because it knew him not." He says, "Now beloved," somebody say this, "now." &gt;&gt; Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and if not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. Now, let me say this. He did not say we're going to be the sons of God. He says, "But right now, we are the sons of God." I can hear a prophet stand in God rich in mercy and say, "That's why I have come to get you away from this fear and scare. You're not going to be the sons and daughters of God, but right now you are the sons and the daughters of God." Listen, now is the hour. Now is the time. I love that word now. You know what it means? It means the present. So right now in the present, amen, you are the sons of God. It's the hour. It's the time. It's the accepted hour. It's the acceptable year. He said now is when miracles take place. He said now is when Christ is revealing himself. Here we are now. Amen. Not in the future. He says the devil keeps pushing it off. Amen. That's Catholicism. He said now is the day. This is the hour. This is the time. This is the place. Amen. Right now. This is the day. You know what he said? He said, "There's things we are seeing today that could not happen 20 years ago. It could not happen 40 years ago, but it's happening today because this is the hour." Oh my. At the end of the token, he stands there and he says, "If there be a seed anywhere that's predestinated, Lord, to hear the word of this last day, may they come now. May they come now." Amen. Sweetly and humbly. Listen. and lay their trophies down at the cross and watch a prophet turn a corner or their self as a trophy. Amen. So they're not bringing something and laying it at the feet of Jesus. But a prophet said them themselves are going to be the trophies of the grace of God that has called them and may they be filled with the Holy Spirit. And may they display the token of the life of Jesus Christ in his resurrection as long as they remain here on the earth. Can I say this to you? A trophy is to be displayed. Nobody gets a trophy and hides it in a corner. Nobody gets a trophy and puts it somewhere that nobody can see. Come on, brothers. Amen. Amen. You kill a nice deer, that deer ain't hid somewhere in your shack out back. It's on the wall. It's where everybody can see that you somewhere have got a trophy. You know what the word trophy means? It means something gained or achieved or given in victory or conquest. Especially when preserved or mounted as a memorial. A trophy is a representation of such a memorial as a game animal or a fish or for mounting as a trophy. It is usually used attributively. I remember the first time, amen, I sat on a creek bait for years fishing. My great-granddaddy would take me and I'd sit there and fishing fish and I just thought I knew about fishing. And I remember the first day I hooked a fish, you know, it was a little old trout, probably about that big. And I pulled it out of the water and I held it up and grandad said, "Well," he said, "Put it back in there and then we'll hide it and get it out of here." And I remember taking it. I wanted to get it mounted, you know. And he said, "That ain't worth spending money on. It's too small." Now, now listen to me. It was a trophy because it was the first fish I caught. But can I tell you this that there was a first pull and it gathered some little fish. There was a second pull and it gathered some more little fish. But then there was a third pull which was not a healing. It was not a discernment. It was not a gift. It was the opening of the word. It was the revealing of seven seals. Oh church, it didn't gather a bunch of little blue gill. It didn't gather a bunch of carp. But when that third pull began to pull, it was gathering some rainbow trout. That was going to be more than church members. They were going to be more than religious people. They were going to be trophies of the grace of God in the hour of visitation. Hallelujah. God didn't hook you to throw you back. He hooked you to mount you. Well, glory to God. Let me shout a little bit on that. God didn't hook you, Amen, to throw you away. He hooked you to mount you and to preserve you and to display you. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. A trophy is an expressed attribute of victory. &gt;&gt; Now you know I'm in Christ the mystery, God's secret mystery. &gt;&gt; He had before the world began. Now it was in the back part of God's mind. There was something he was trying and was going to achieve. He had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed. Now, before there was a moon, star, molecule, or anything, he was God. But he wasn't exactly God at that time because God is an object to worship and there was nothing to worship him. So in his great mind, oh God, he wanted these attributes to be expressed. &gt;&gt; In him was love. Brother Nathan, in him was to be a father. In him was to be son. In him was to be a savior. In him was to be a healer. All these great attributes were already in him. Now, do you realize the only thing there to worship him was angels? The angels were created for the purpose of worship. Now listen, he could sit there and he could look at them angels and he could say, "I am a savior." And they would say, "Yes, Lord, you're a savior." He could say, "Oh no, no, listen to me. I'm a healer. And they would say, "Yes, Lord, you're a healer." He would say, "No, let me let me let me let me try to break it down some more. I'm a deliverer." And they would say, "Yes, Lord, you are a deliverer." Amen. But he was not receiving from them what he wanted. Because they could say what he was by knowledge. But there could not say by experience he was a savior. They could not say by experience he was a healer. They could not say by experience he was a deliverer. So God, amen, wanted somebody that could testify by more than just a word. They could testify by an experience. Oh, this morning church, you say, "Why does God inhabit the praises of his people?" Because he sends a man of God behind the pull pit and he begins to say, "God is a savior and God is a healer and God is a deliverer." And there's some trophies that can begin to lift up their voice. They can begin to raise up their hands. They can begin to shout aloud, "Yes, you are a savior because you saved me. Yes, you are a healer because you healed me. Yes, you are a deliverer because I was bound on my way to hell. But you reached down and you picked me up and you turned me around and you set my feet on solid ground. &gt;&gt; Trophies of his attributes." That's why a prophet said that you are nothing but the manifestation of the gene of life that was in God as a son of God. &gt;&gt; Do you realize what happened to you? The word of God got into you. &gt;&gt; And a prophet said the word of God, he said it lit our souls. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. It lit our souls and we become the sons and daughters of God &gt;&gt; with the attributes the gene of God in us to be sons and daughters of the father. You know what he said? God in heaven crying aby father my god my god in my father's house. Now, I love it because when you study through the message, you will find that brother Ram speaks a lot about trophies. But the majority of the times when he speaks about them, he'll speak about them in prayer. He'll say things like this. They are trophies of this meeting. He'll say trophies of the message. Brother Brian, they are trophies of the presence of the Lord. They are trophies of the grace of God. They are trophies of the spirit of grace. They are trophies of this revival. They are trophies of Christ's love at Calvary. They are trophies of the gospel that has been preached. They are trophies of your word being made manifest. Amen. Preached by the spirit of the Lord. Amen. They are trophies of the evening time light. Oh, I love this. He said, "Lord, they're trophies of the ministry of the seventh angel." &gt;&gt; Well, I'm not ashamed to be identified as a trophy of the ministry of the seventh angel. I love it when the prophet of God, amen, refers to trophies. He automatically refers to people. And he'll refer to these scriptures in John 5:24. He'll say, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." In St. John 6:37 referring to trophies connects this scripture. All that the father giveth me shall come to me and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast out. In St. John 10:28 I give unto them eternal life. I give my trophies eternal life and they shall never perish. Neither shall any man amen pluck them out of my hand. For my father which gave them me is greater than all. and no man is able to pluck them, amen, out of my father's hand. Well, it's time to put your preaching boots on this morning and preach back to that devil of condemnation and preach back to that devil of doom and gloom and say, "Devil, I know that you've been telling me one day that God is going to lose me." But I come here this morning to testify unto you that you are a liar and you are the father of all lies. I've got my God on record, saying he will give me eternal life, and I will never perish. He will raise me up again in the last day, and all the Father giveth him, no man shall be able to pluck them out of his hand. Well, I want to tell that devil, drugs won't get you, and alcohol won't get you, and pornography won't get you, and the world won't get you. If God's got your name on the lamb's book of life, it was put there from before the foundation of the world. And there is no devil big enough, bad enough, or strong enough, amen, to change what God scheduled on his calendar in the age you're living in. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. They are trophies that God has given his son Christ Jesus by the power of his presence and the word of God. I love that. Then let me say this to you this morning. Amen. The message of the hour is a claiming message. Amen. It's not a good feelgood message and a little shouting Pentecostal message. This message is a claiming message. &gt;&gt; Can I say what the prophet said? &gt;&gt; He said, "I claim them for you tonight, Jesus. As your own personal treasure, &gt;&gt; as gems in your crown, as members of your bride, I claim their lives." What? Watch here in the sixth seal. I got a question for you, okay? If God claims you, then what done the claimment? &gt;&gt; Brother Rabbit said, "Look, and may every called child of God that's in hearing distance of here or either the tapes shall strike." Listen, there's people sitting right here this morning that were the majority of us were not in brother Brandham's meetings. We were not in the meetings, but we're here this morning. Amen. You know why? Because he said, "Wherever the message strikes, whether they're in hearing distance of hearing me physically or my tapes will get to them, may it strike them. And if that time I claim them for the kingdom of God, upon the basis of knowing this, the word that's being revealed, oh church of the living God, that's why you prevail over every devil. That's why you overcome every bad day. That's why when the devil knocks you down, you get up again because you were not claimed by a preacher. You were not claimed by a good feeling. You were claimed by revelation. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. And there is nothing as strong and as powerful as the prevailing power of revelation. Oh, let me say it very plainly. You didn't claim this message. Amen. Amen. You didn't claim this message. This message claimed you. Some of you all weren't looking for this message. You weren't hunting this message, but somehow or another a tape got within the hearing distance of your ears or somewhere you saw a book and you begin to read that book and something begin to say, "That's what I've been looking for." You were full of questions, but you begin to hear this message and it begin to be answer upon top of answer upon top of answer because it was more than just another preacher. It was more than just another sermon. It was the visitation of almighty God in this generation claiming you. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. I feel like shout. I'll shout my way to the tent back if I got to. I've been claimed. A church didn't claim me. Oh, y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Well, if you leave, you're lost. And if you do this, you fall apart. That's a lying devil. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I got some friends here this morning that God went to the Amish community and pulled them out of there. And devils told them, "If you leave, you won't have nothing. And if you forsake this, you'll be lost." But here they are this morning in the house of God with their hands up in the air with their families in the house of God baptized in the name of Jesus. It wasn't Matt Morris claiming them. It was God Elohim returning to this generation in a visitation to reveal his word and claim him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; God claimed you. &gt;&gt; He didn't claim you by accident. &gt;&gt; He claimed you on purpose, &gt;&gt; by a purpose. &gt;&gt; And for a purpose. claims your own purpose. &gt;&gt; Claims you for a purpose. &gt;&gt; I wish I was a singer right now. &gt;&gt; I feel good this morning. &gt;&gt; I'd sing my old buddy Danny Ferberg song. I just started living. &gt;&gt; Amen. I know what that devil says. That devil says I'm sorry. Some of you elders probably know what I'm talking about. And that you you the devil says you're over and you're finished. But can I say this? How many can testify when the devil told you it was finished? When the devil told you you were crazy, you say, "Wow, how could this be crazy when I just broke into a whole new realm of living?" &gt;&gt; Brother Brian, when they said, "If you do this and you do that, oh, amen." But here you are this morning with your hands up in the air. A man didn't claim you. A movement didn't claim you, but God from before the foundation of the world. He claimed you. And I want to tell that devil, God's trophies are not dead trophies. They're living trophies. &gt;&gt; You ain't got to go. You Oh my. If you got a trophy, Brother David, somebody's got to tell the story about that trophy. Somebody's got to be standing there to tell the story about that trophy. Oh, but if you want to know the story, Brother Bobby, about this trophy from the heels of East Tennessee. Well, you ain't got to ask nobody. I'll tell you myself. I was born in sin. I was shaped in iniquity. I come in the world speaking lies. I was bound for a devil's hell and a sinner's grave. But God who is rich in mercy wherein he loved me before I haven't done good or evil. He called me and chose me. &gt;&gt; Oh, I got a testimony. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Even when we were dead in sin, &gt;&gt; hath he quickened us together &gt;&gt; with Christ &gt;&gt; by grace? By grace &gt;&gt; ye are saved. &gt;&gt; I love that word dead. It means spiritually dead. &gt;&gt; It means destitute of a life that recognizes God. &gt;&gt; My &gt;&gt; So if you're dead, &gt;&gt; you're spiritually dead &gt;&gt; and you're destitute of alive to recognize God when he comes in your midst. Now listen what a prophet said. He said, "Here is those who were dead and has been raised up. There is those here who were in accidents. They were smashed up, but they are healed." He said, "I see Miss Wilson standing here. Not long ago, she was hemorrhaging to death with TB years ago. Here she is tonight. The doctors didn't give her but just hours to live. But here she stands tonight. &gt;&gt; All around through here, lame, blind, crippled, in wheelchairs, and everything, they're standing tonight &gt;&gt; as living trophies. &gt;&gt; Well, glory. They're standing here tonight as living trophies. Why is it? Because Jesus Christ lives. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Listen, I'm just going to go enjoy myself. Amen. Some of y'all shouldn't be sitting here tonight. Amen. Amen. I don't mean to get too open with you. Amen. But Sister Leah, you shouldn't be sitting there tonight. Amen. That accident should have taken you out and all the surgeries and all the things you you shouldn't be sitting here tonight. Amen. But there she sits as a trophy of the grace of God. Brother Joe, you shouldn't be sitting on the front row after everything you've been through and everything you face. You shouldn't be here. But here you are today, not as just a church member, not as just a preacher, not as just a father or a husband, but as a trophy of the preserving power of almighty God. That when a man hits a bottom and he can't find a reason to lift his head, he remembers Psalm three saying, "I am the lifter up of your head and he can rise again and declare the works of God." Come on. I could go through this whole building right now. You shouldn't be sitting here tonight, Sister Joyce, but here you are. Amen. You shouldn't be here today, church, but here you are. &gt;&gt; Shouldn't have been here, Brother David, but here we are. You know why? Because there's been a visitation. &gt;&gt; There's been a visitation in this generation. And it was more than just a good healing campaign. &gt;&gt; It was more than just a good meeting. It was a supernatural manifestation. And you know how it was done? It was not done through the works of a denomination. It was not done, brother Kevin, through the works of a man. It was done through the visitation of the biblical angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; My Can I preach this morning, we'd all say 25 or 35,000 people prayed for, maybe more than that, and there's been at least 10,000 of them healed. Would you think that such as cancers that are laying there at their last moment? Cancers laying there at their last moment. But they are all well people since the last meeting. Well, I guess in the provinces of Canada alone, there was at least 250 or maybe more than that cases, amen, of crosseyed people with their eyes straightened and mutes. Listen, it's innumerable to count them. For there was multiplied scores of them that came that were some deaf, that were some dumb, that were some heart of hearing, and everything were made perfectly whole. &gt;&gt; Oh, are y'all hearing me? Everything was made perfectly whole. He said, "Now, now that's only done through the visitation of that angel." &gt;&gt; Oh, God. church. It's only done through the visitation of that angel. So God gives signs. He gives fore warnings of his visitation. In other words, can I say it to you like this? God don't show up unannounced. &gt;&gt; Brother said, "Oh no." He said, "If I come here to Phoenix in the name of a prophet, are you enjoying the word? &gt;&gt; If I come here in the name of a prophet and I do not the things that a prophet does, then don't believe me. But if I come in the name of the Lord Jesus, in the name of prophecy and as his servant, and I do the things that is written of his servant, then you believe me. Will you do that? If the deaf don't hear and the dumb don't speak and the blind don't see and the cripples don't walk, if prophecies of sin isn't foretold, the people and your sins from the time you was a child foretold, then believe that this angel come to me is false. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm false with it, &gt;&gt; but &gt;&gt; Brother Carter, but if it manifests itself here on the platform before you, you believe it and repent of your sins and your disbelief for this hour of his visitation is drawing near. That's right. He's done only things to confirm his word. Glory to God. He was only healing the sick to confirm his word. He was only discerning the thoughts of the intents of the heart to confirm his word. And you all know, amen, that the father was in the son, right? Amen. And the son was in the father. You know what a prophet said? He said, "And God is in you." You know what Jesus said? He said, "The Father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works." He said, "Believe me that I am in the Father and the Father in me, or else believe me for the very works sake." Verily, verily, which means absolutely. Absolutely. I say unto you, my I'm feeling good this morning. I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. &gt;&gt; And greater works, brother Morgan, and greater works than these sh. [Music] What was he declaring? He was declared, "When I leave in a corporal body, it is not the ceasing of my visitation, but I will return again in the spirit of truth. I will send you a comforter. I will send you a guide." &gt;&gt; Oh, I feel like kicking that devil's square in the face this morning. He said in Jesus in his ministry, now this was Jesus ministry. He said, "Now look, look here. More, not greater, cuz he raised the dead. &gt;&gt; He stopped the nature. He said, "Nothing could be any greater than what he did. &gt;&gt; But more than this &gt;&gt; shall you do." &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Amen. More than this shall ye do. Now you say, "Preacher, you're way out there and you're going beyond the Bible and you're going beyond the inspired word of God." He said, "Now, the same thing he did, he promised the church to do &gt;&gt; only would do more of it &gt;&gt; than what he did." Now you say you ain't got Bible for that. Oh I do. It's called St. John 21:25. And there are also many other things which Jesus did the which if they should be written everyone. Well, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books &gt;&gt; could not contain the books. &gt;&gt; The world could not contain the books of what has been done. He said, "Now I wish I could testify a little bit now." You know, John said or Luke, he said, "If all Jesus done would be put in the books, there wasn't enough books in the world to write him." Now, just what I've seen in my own ministry. Brother Bam here. I've seen him do, you couldn't pile the volumes on this platform, if I wrote it in the details of what I've seen him do just in my own ministry. Amen. Seen him do. Now, listen to the prophet, will you? He said, "See, he had more success in my ministry." &gt;&gt; Now, &gt;&gt; I know that's a hard one, Brother David, &gt;&gt; but I know you believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. He had more success in my ministry than he did in his own. Now, remember, he had more success &gt;&gt; in my ministry than he did in his own. Not me. He had he had more success in Jeffersonville than he did in Nazareth. He finally broke through here. He said so he had more success right here than he did in Capernium or in Nazareth in that he said now remember he done. Now it never said I done it. See? No. Cuz I didn't do it. I just didn't. I just loved him. &gt;&gt; How many loves him? I just loved him and just submitted myself to him and said what he said and the Holy Spirit went to the other people and they believed what he said. Then he done the work. &gt;&gt; Oh church of the living God, I can shout aloud this morning and right here in the year of 2025 there has been a visitation &gt;&gt; brother David Paul right here. The world don't write about it today. It's not on the headlines of the Lawrence County headline news. It's not on the news of the world. But can I tell you all something? You think I'm crazy if you want to. I really don't care. There has been a visitation of God right here this weekend. &gt;&gt; The same as it was in Jesus. The same as it was in Brother Brandham. It's been right here. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." No, I haven't. Wherever the message of the hour is preached, it's a visitation of Almighty God. Well, I say this morning, we ought to put on our happy shoes. We ought to put on our shouting shoes that God has visited this generation. You say, "Brother Amy, you're getting way out there." Well, you know what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the Bible. You know, the Bible speaks of the day of visitation. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Is it okay? &gt;&gt; Amen. The day of visitation, the hour of visitation, the time of visitation, the day of salvation. Listen. Amen. The day or hour of visitation was speaking of the coming of the Messiah. Listen. That would be the very presence of God himself. &gt;&gt; Prophet of God said it beautiful. He said, "A visit is a communion." &gt;&gt; The very presence of God would visit the Jews and they missed it. Now listen, if thou hast known, listen, the things which belong unto thy peace, but now they are hid from thine eyes. For the day shall come upon thee, that thine enemy shall cast a trench about thee, and compass thee roundabout, and keep thee in on every side, and they shall lay even with the ground. Now, now I want y'all to catch this. Now, they were carrying children, Brother Brian. They were carrying children and the Bible said, "You shall lay in the ground and thy children within thee." &gt;&gt; Now folks, I don't mean to end the meet and heavy, but that's just on my heart to preach a second. &gt;&gt; Thy children within thee shall lay in the same ditch. Now look here up on one to another. Because thou kneest not the time of thy visitation. In other words, if you miss your visitation, You will spiritually kill the next generation. &gt;&gt; Now, come on. I might as well preach. I'm here. &gt;&gt; If you miss your spiritual visitation, you will spiritually kill the next generation. I'm just going to get it out there. I think that's why we better let the Holy Ghost tame our tongues before we start talking about shouting and dancing and rejoicing and praising God. Come on. I said come on. Because words have power. Do you realize right now there's something in you? Oh my. I can hear my buddy brother Tim Puit say it right now. I'm spiritually pregnant. I got a baby on the inside of me. I got the word and it's kicking. I can feel its muscles twitching. I can feel it moving. It's on the inside of me. But if we repeat what the Jews done, if we reject the visitation of God to our generation, we will lay our babies within us in spiritual dead ditches. Oh, I say God. Amen. Let us padlock the doors and board up the windows and go drink coffee somewhere before the day ever comes in this church or any message church that we reject the visitation of the almighty God through the vindicated message of the hour. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I know I say God bless David Ser last night. It ain't popular to stand there and say them things but he stood here and said them. Bunch of YouTube preachers and oh God, I got to keep my &gt;&gt; I got to keep my I got to keep my pullpit matters. &gt;&gt; Well, I lost them. Bunch of uninspired, politically motivated YouTube preachers trying to reason away what a prophet said. I say, God bless a man like David Syler that'll stand here and say, "No believer has got a right marrying an unbeliever." I felt that devil pushed back. You got the wrong guy. I'll push back because I refuse to sit in a church and watch worldlyism kill the next generation. Cuz nobody's got the guts to take off the gloves and say what a prophet said. I don't care who it is. I don't care what your last name is. We got a message. And when that message is preached, it's a visitation of almighty God to this generation. Well, brother, that got on my toes. That's called God visiting you. &gt;&gt; Somebody shout &gt;&gt; amen. &gt;&gt; See that's why you got a generation question. What brother said. &gt;&gt; Because somewhere somebody left a visitation pass by &gt;&gt; and they said, "Well, that's just brother Matt's opinion &gt;&gt; and that's just David Brother David's opin. That's just them old fogy preachers up there. That's just &gt;&gt; But you know what my Bible says? My Bible says the woman sit at the well. &gt;&gt; And the very one that they rejected down at the church house. &gt;&gt; The very one, Sister Cindy, they rejected down there at the church house, he walked to the whale. God have mercy. &gt;&gt; I disconnected last night. He w they walked to the well and the woman was sitting at the well. &gt;&gt; Are y'all hearing me? &gt;&gt; And you know what the Bible said? They told him up there, you're bey. &gt;&gt; They told him, "You're a fortune teller." They told him, "You're a vampire." They called him all kinds of things. But you know what she said? She said, "I know." Brother Mark, she said, "I know that when Messiah cometh, which is called Christ." Brother Joe, he will tell us all things. &gt;&gt; Well, I I I'm just that guy. You know what that word know means in the Greek? It means to have an interview with. &gt;&gt; It means to visit. When she begin to talk to the Messiah and she begin to say, "I know that you're the one that the Bible prophesied of, she be to have a visitation." Brother said, "Oh, what happened?" He said, "The woman at the well, she recognized her day by the sign of the Messiah." Oh, can I say it to you? When she recognized the hour, her visitation, she became a trophy of the Messiah's visitation. [Applause] to her generation. When God visits you, you'll either accept it or you'll reject it. Can I say what a prophet said? He said, "So many of them missed it in that day." He said, "Now don't you miss it in your day. &gt;&gt; Not me now. Him. &gt;&gt; It's the day of his visitation. It's not me. I'm just a poor substitute of anything." But it's him moving. Brother Travis, it's him moving. It's him working. He just give me a way, a gift to yield myself to him and do the things for your benefit, &gt;&gt; not for mine, for yours. Glory to God. Holiness is for your benefit. Church order is for your benefit. Putting the gifts in order is for your benefit. &gt;&gt; He stood there. Come on, church. We might as well take the brakes off and preach. He stood there and preached predestination in the face of Pentecostal theologians that would kill him if they could. He stood there, &gt;&gt; well, I might as well say it. He stood there and declared serpent seed in the face of religious scientists that would have killed him if they could. But you know why they couldn't? Because it was a visitation. It was more than an AA Allen. It was more than an oral Roberts. It was more than a Billy Graham. It was more than a Jack Cole. It was God visiting this generation to claim some more. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Hallelujah. Brother Matt, can I just go ahead and shout a bit and preach? Amen. I tell you what, if you want to see Billy Graham's legacy, you drive over there to Asheville and Charlotte, North Carolina, and they got a beautiful library. If you want to see Oral Roberts legacy, you drive out to Tulsa and they got a beautiful couple hands out there praying. I remember I get in trouble. Sure as the world. I remember the first time I ever went there went to Martin took me. We stand there looking and them praying. Y'all ever seen them get in trouble and praying hands? They were they were like this. And I said, "Man, that's that's big." Bro looked over at me. He said, "You know why them hands are like that, don't you?" I said, "Why?" He said, "Well, when they built them, it was like this and somebody threw a dollar and they went like that. I said, 'Oh yeah, there it is. We think that's funny, but do you realize that was the truth? &gt;&gt; Show me one place brother Brandham stood on a platform and said, "If you don't send me $8 million, God is going to take me off the scene. You'll never find it, folks." You know why? Because this wasn't a money chasing, &gt;&gt; womanchasing, popularity hungry preacher. It was a seventh grade redeemed flesh that Jesus Christ, the son of God, got a hold of. He said, "You can take all the money. You can take all the popularity. I'll drink water and I'll eat soda crackers, but just give me a place to stand and to tell the world that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." And I say to everyone today, you can go see Billy's legacy. You can go see Oral's legacy. But right here in a barn on a country road in the hills of Black Rockck, Arkansas, you can see the trophies. You can see the legacies. You can see the testimonies. You can see the memorials of the visitation of God fulfilling Malachi 4. Fulfilling Revelations 10. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Devil, get out of my way. I'm not just a preacher. I'm a trophy. I'm not just a preacher. I'm a trophy of the visitation. &gt;&gt; Brother Josh, he loved us enough to come get us. &gt;&gt; He loved us enough to come get us. &gt;&gt; When some woman chasing &gt;&gt; scandalous ministry, &gt;&gt; well, I'm sorry. filthiness. &gt;&gt; And these counter down, &gt;&gt; backwash, dried up hier, &gt;&gt; sit on computer screens, &gt;&gt; and question the ministry like that. &gt;&gt; Closets are full of skeletons. full of them. &gt;&gt; And they questioned brother Brandham. &gt;&gt; Satan trying to block the blessing. &gt;&gt; There's a visitation coming. Now the day you want to start question authority on things, let's question yours. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. &gt;&gt; We're going to question Brother Bram's authority on teachings. Let's question. &gt;&gt; By what authority are you telling your children to disobey what a vindicated prophet? &gt;&gt; Come on. By what authority are you saying these things? because somewhere you're going to meet a devil. &gt;&gt; I remember a guy come to me one time. He said, "Praise God, I've been called to preach." I said, "Well, praise the Lord." He said, "Yeah." He said, "I was in a meeting and a brother looked at me and he called me out and he told me I was called to preach and I've been running from it." And I tell you right now, brother, that brother told me this and he told me that and if he tells you that, you better believe it. You're called to preach. Go, go, go. And I said, "Praise God." And I wanted to say, "Buddy, I hope you got more than brother so and so told you &gt;&gt; because them demons you going to meet ain't going to care what brother so and so had to say. &gt;&gt; They ain't going to care." &gt;&gt; See, there's got to be some authority behind this. Now, I'm turning a corner. &gt;&gt; So, here is Abraham and Sarah, and they're sitting in the tent, and the prophet of God said this. Now, you all heard it all weekend. He says, "Elohim came, &gt;&gt; the self-existing one." He said, "Now, Satan was trying to tempt them to feel that they had done wrong." &gt;&gt; Now, they hadn't done wrong, &gt;&gt; but Satan was trying to tempt them &gt;&gt; to feel &gt;&gt; they had done wrong. &gt;&gt; It's like a man sitting at brother's meetings and he come to brother, brother, I'm sorry for those thoughts I had. He said, "Oh, don't worry about it. Those weren't your thoughts." He said, "The guy sitting in front of you was thanking them. They were passing by you, trying to on you. &gt;&gt; He was trying to block the oncoming visitation that was going to give to Abraham and Sarah. Now listen, right at the time of visitation, brother Joel, he makes them feel that they've done wrong, that they're not worthy of the visitation. &gt;&gt; Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Come Wednesday night and come Sunday morning and come youth camp and come a good meeting and old devil crawls up on your back and says, "You ain't got a right to enjoy this. You ain't got a right to shout. You ain't got a right to rejoice." &gt;&gt; Y'all know what I'm talking about. It's called a devil. That devil says, "You ain't got no right. I know what you done, and I know you did this, and I know you thought that, and I know you looked at this, and I know you drunk that. I know you I know what I'm talking about." Amen. But can I tell you what that's the time to do? That's the time to resist that devil &gt;&gt; and say, "Devil, this is the hour of visitation. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And if I listen to you, I will remain under condemnation. But if I break beyond the voice of the tempter, I break beyond the voice of the negative devil and I begin to commune with Elohim, then I'm going to receive a breakthrough. I'm going to receive a redemption. Now, Satan was only tempting them. I'm good on my time. I got my time. We're going. &gt;&gt; Satan was only tempting them because he did not want them to become &gt;&gt; a trophy &gt;&gt; of Elohim's visitation. &gt;&gt; I love what a prophet says. He said, "You think that's a big thing for God? He made all the pot, the calcium, and everything in the world, and he come down to visit Abraham." Do you realize that the hour of visitation comes the hour of temptation? &gt;&gt; You know the Bible says there's an hour of temptation and that word means the temptation by which the devil sought to divert Jesus the Messiah from his divine &gt;&gt; Aaron. &gt;&gt; So brother Carter when the Messiah left the temple down there they put him out and he went over there to the woman at the well and met her. Jesus was on a Messiah errand sir &gt;&gt; and the devil was trying to divert him because he knew I've got that woman right where I want her &gt;&gt; and if she gets in that &gt;&gt; Black Rock Arkansas tent me &gt;&gt; and she starts hearing them songs &gt;&gt; and she starts laying aside all the cares of life and and pillar of fire begins to come to pillar of fire and lick a fire I'm going to lose her &gt;&gt; hallelujah I'm going to lose her. See, I've had her bound and I've told her she can't shout, she can't dance, she can't rejoice, she can't freely believe the word of God. And if I can just get Jesus &gt;&gt; distracted, I can keep her. But I want to stand here tonight and say, "Devil, you lost. &gt;&gt; Devil, you lost." Well, glory to God. Devil, you lost. You know why I can say that? Because I look across this building this morning and I see visible manifestations of the revelation of the gentile message. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Listen, I can see the gentle. &gt;&gt; Can I just say it? &gt;&gt; The Gentiles message started by a visitation. of the pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; Now I'm here and I'm having fun. &gt;&gt; And it ends the same way. [Applause] &gt;&gt; The way it started is the way it ends. &gt;&gt; So it didn't start hot and end cold. &gt;&gt; It didn't start fiery, brother Vernon, and end icy. But it started fiery. &gt;&gt; And it's going to end as fiery as it started. You know how this church started? It started on the day of Pentecost with a bunch of sinners that had been saved by the grace of God, filled with the Holy Ghost, drunk on the anointing, shouting and dancing and praising God. Brother David, I saw you over there the other night. Amen. I saw you get free and just start dancing right there. Sister Destiny, I saw you. I saw the Holy Ghost get a hold of you and shout you around. I saw some of you all. I see you this morning. Satan, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ. This is more than a revival. This is more than a meeting. This is more than a get together. This is a visitation of a fire of almighty God returning to the church. [Applause] Hallelujah. I've done seen the glory of the Lord. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; They're going to call you Pentecostal. &gt;&gt; They already do. But I really don't care cuz I'm full of the Holy Ghost. I got my name on the book. I got my token over the door. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm talking about the pillar of fire. It's burning in my heart. It's burning in my feet. It's burning in my hands. It's burning in my mouth. It's got a hold of me. And it's burning me up. Brother Joe, &gt;&gt; I've been touched by a message. Brother Andrew, I read about Bible days. &gt;&gt; And I read about God visiting &gt;&gt; Abraham and Sarah. &gt;&gt; Oh, how how I just want to step in the Bible and I want to walk those roads &gt;&gt; back into that scene and I want to see what was there. &gt;&gt; I want to see what it looked like. I want to Feel the atmosphere of it. &gt;&gt; Can you give me that first picture? [Applause] &gt;&gt; Bible days are here, &gt;&gt; brother Buster. Bible days, they're here again. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "I wish I could go back. I don't have to go back. Well, glory to God. I don't have to go back because what was back there is right here. Glory to God. What was back there is right here. I know we ain't in the tent this morning, but I'm going to say it anyhow. What was in Abraham and Sarah's tent is in that picture. And that's what was in that tent down there. And that's what's in this building right here. P of fire has returned. He's visiting you. &gt;&gt; He's communing with you. He's revealing himself to you. He's claiming you. &gt;&gt; The pillar of fire by night. Give me that right there. Thank you. Pillar of fire by night. Behold, I will send you &gt;&gt; Elijah the prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. Stay with me &gt;&gt; right there. Leave it that one. Brother Andrew, I wish I could be there. I wish I could have known what Daniel felt when he saw the ancient of days. &gt;&gt; Brother Kobe, I wish we could have been there. You know, I wish we could have felt the power of God as that cloud begin to hover over them tents and it begin to impregnate them hearts. Wish we could have been there and felt it. Oh, I wish we could have been there, brother. Brother Joe, I wish we could have been there. I wish we could have been there, buddy. I wish we could have been there when Brother Bram looked up and Angels was up there. I wish we could have been there. But since we weren't there, here's what we'll do. We'll just settle down and we'll just play tapes every now and again. And we'll just have, you know, we'll just barely get by. You know, we'll just wait on Brother Bram to come back and and then we'll really feel what &gt;&gt; Are you smoking something? &gt;&gt; I don't have to go back to get it. It came and got me. It came and claimed me. I can tell you where I was. I can tell you where I was when the revelation in that picture claimed this old piece of Tennessee dirt. I was sitting in a Bible conference one night and brother Wayne was preaching on the power of that cloud and he began to say that come and got you and it's just a 16-year-old boy all kinds of scars and all kinds of confusions and preachers and do this and say that but I heard that cloud speak to me. They can laugh at me. They can make fun of me. They can be a bunch of cowards and sit behind screens and criticize me behind my back and make fun of me for preaching to these young people. But I want to tell them this morning, they will never shut me up because the same cloud that got me, I believe it come to get you, Sophie. I believe it come to claim you, Peter. It come to get you, John. It come to get you. Brother David Paul, it come and got you. &gt;&gt; Brother Ben, you didn't go get this message. It come and got you. Joe, you didn't go find it. It come to Missouri and it found you and it found your mama and it found your daddy and it found your family because you are the memorial of its purpose. Anybody got a picture of it? It's called in a cloud 26 miles high in the shape of a pyramid. Seven angels represented in there brought back and brought you the word of God. &gt;&gt; Under the inspiration, &gt;&gt; it tells you these hours that you're coming and living in. &gt;&gt; The spiritual mind will pick that right now. See, and get it. &gt;&gt; It's an exodus. &gt;&gt; Elohim, &gt;&gt; don't go get Abraham and Sarah. &gt;&gt; Cuz if they get in touch with you, they're going to leave that old condition. &gt;&gt; Listen. Listen, Jesus. You don't have no need to go by Samaria &gt;&gt; because if she gets a hold of you &gt;&gt; and you get a hold of her &gt;&gt; and y'all begin to visit and commune, &gt;&gt; I'm going to lose a good a good home church. &gt;&gt; Reb said everything the devil was in it was a good home church for him. I'm going to lose a good home church. So don't go get her. &gt;&gt; Don't don't go get her. &gt;&gt; Can I give you one more? &gt;&gt; He's hanging on the cross. a thief beside him never thought about Jesus his whole life. He had never thought about Jesus until his final moments. And in his final moments, he looks over and in his final breath of his and the Lord Jesus, he says, "Remember me?" &gt;&gt; Come on. Can I Can I show y'all something? Amen. Don't you let no devil put any pressure on you that you're unworthy and you're not good enough. Amen. I want to tell you, Amen. Don't you let no devil pile any pressure. I'm just preaching right now. Don't you let no religious spirit of a bunch of a bunch of backsliding religious people get all religious on you and try to siphle you and try to suppress you. Amen. If they want to shut you up, just look at him and say, "You're the ones that missed him in the temple." &gt;&gt; He came to the temple and you missed him. Why are you trying to shut me up? Oh, brother Brian. He was in their temple and they kicked him out head first. Man, I'm sorry. I'm going long. Can I have some liberty here? He was in their temple and they kicked him out head first. &gt;&gt; But there's a man hanging there &gt;&gt; and he looks over and he says, "When thou come into your kingdom, will you remember me? &gt;&gt; When you come into your kingdom, I'm not done yet. when you come into your kingdom, will you remember me? And you know what he said, brother Caleb? He looked over at him and in his final breath, he gathered the strength to say these words, "Today, &gt;&gt; today you'll be with me in paradise. today. Not tomorrow, not next revival, not next meeting, not next convention, but today you will be with me in paradise. I don't care if you're on your final life, if you're on your final moments, if your name is in the Lamb's Book of Life, he'll tear down every devil to get to you &gt;&gt; because he won't lose one. &gt;&gt; He won't lose one. [Applause] Well, Andrew, I wish I could have been there and heard what it was like when brother stood there and he began to preach. Can you give me that next picture? &gt;&gt; I wasn't, brother Matt in the meeting. &gt;&gt; I wasn't there. I wasn't sitting there. But what was there? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What was there is in here, &gt;&gt; brother Matt. I wasn't there. Lake Port, California, 1950s. We got one picture where he's just standing there preaching. Then we got this picture when they took another picture and the pillar of fire has covered him. I got to quit, brother Nathan. But I want to say it to you as plain as I know how. I wasn't there in a physical body, but I was a part of the visitation. And because he won't lose one, [Applause] &gt;&gt; because he won't lose one. You say, "Preacher, it's a long ways down in my lineage. How could he ever get me?" Amen. Can I say this to you? Amen. I just want to say it because I know what devils do. Demons are real and spirits are real. And they'll pile up on you and they'll say things like, "Well, you was this and your grandfather was this and he was a he was a man of God and she was a daughter of God and all these things and you're nothing but an embarrassment and you're nothing but a you're nothing but a waste of time." Amen. But I want to give you the word of the Lord this morning. When that devil tells you that, I want you to look him in the eyes and say, "You're nothing but a liar." &gt;&gt; Look him in the eyes and say, "You're nothing but a liar." &gt;&gt; I'm going to get to my point right now, brother. I'm going get to my point right now. Amen. I heard brother say it last night and I about shouted, "Come out of my living room." You know what he said? He said just a few days ago there in Arkansas and he stopped and he screamed out these words. He said, "God is visiting us. &gt;&gt; Give me the pulpit at 2:00 in the morning. Give me the microphone at 3:00 in the morning. I got a message. I got a message. I got a message from the Lord. The pillar of fire. his visit to Arkansas. &gt;&gt; Now, y'all know why I was asking those questions last night. Amen. Can I tell y'all something? Amen. Amen. Everybody right now. Amen. If you 30 miles down the road from here in a town called Jonesboro, Arkansas, that man in that picture was led by that God &gt;&gt; to Jonesboro, Arkansas. And he stood down there and for eight days he prayed for the sick. He prayed for the dumb. He prayed for the blind. He prayed over and over. Amen. I want to ask you this. Have I got any descendants or anybody in this building that was in those meetings? Brother Vernon. Mom and dad was there. Okay. They were there. They were in those meetings. Your mom and dad, Brother Vernon, Brother David, will you stand up for me? I want y'all to look back at these men. They were there in those meetings. &gt;&gt; Now, were you all in those meetings? Were you there, Brother David? They weren't there. &gt;&gt; But they're here. &gt;&gt; Because before the foundation of the world, God put some names on the Lamb's book of life that would be saved in this hour of visitation. and he led that man to Jonesboro, Arkansas, and something sparked their mom and daddy's heart and said, "Let's go down there and see what it's about." And today, we got two trophies sitting in this room today. Not church members, Holy Ghost filled, clean living pillars of God in the church of God. I say this is more than a man. This is more than a message. It's a special visitation of Almighty God. [Applause] Amen. Can I say it? I texted Brother David this morning real. He's still on the road. I said, "Was your grandpa in any of Brother's meetings in Jonesburg?" He said, "No." He said, "He wasn't in the meetings in Jonesburg, but he was in the series in Jeffersonville when he sat there and you know what? I just caught something." I asked brother David. Okay. I just caught something. He said he was sitting there. Now, I'm gonna show y'all something. Okay, I know you think I'm crazy, but I'm having fun. &gt;&gt; Their mom and daddy come in in the first pull, &gt;&gt; but it was the same message. &gt;&gt; Are y'all hearing me? &gt;&gt; I'm trying to show y'all something. &gt;&gt; This ain't a weak message. &gt;&gt; It's a powerful message. &gt;&gt; Brother David said, "Yeah, he sat there." I said, and brother David said this. He said he sat behind him on the platform when he preached, "Who is this Melzdc?" I said, "Dear God, that's the sermon." He turns and says, "Oh, now predestination is in plain view." &gt;&gt; Folks, y'all call me crazy if you want to. I'm closing right here. But do you realize that there was a trophy of God that sat behind a prophet of God and believed what a prophet was saying about who Melzdc was? And that message claimed that man. And through that lineage, you had a trophy of the grace of God stand behind this pull pit last night. Somebody say, "Well, I don't think he's big enough." Are you crazy? I'm talking about God. I'm talking about Elohim. He didn't lose a one. And I want to tell you this in closing. He ain't going to lose a one of you. If he didn't lose Abraham and he didn't lose Sarah and he didn't lose Barnameus, &gt;&gt; he won't lose a one of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." I haven't lost my mind. Amen. I want to challenge every devil right now. I want to challenge every unbelieving spirit right now. And I want to close by saying this. In 1946, that man in that picture possessed embodying that God come to Little Rock, Arkansas. &gt;&gt; And he walked into a deaf and dumb school. &gt;&gt; Oh god, I'm having fun now. He walked into a deaf and dumb school. No offense, but they were training them to stay and put up with their condition. God, I feel like shouting. &gt;&gt; They were in a deaf and dumb school. &gt;&gt; There was no hope for them outside of this school. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to teach you how to be deaf and we're going to teach you how to not speak because that's what we're here for. But God &gt;&gt; who is rich in mercy, &gt;&gt; I said God who is rich in mercy sent that little six-foot man walking in a deaf and dumb school possessed with a pillar of fire and 142 death. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. 142 deaf and dumb children got up out of the beds, got up out the tables, and they walked out of there completely. Well, can I tell you what happened? God cancelled the devil's plans. God by visitation, he cancelled the devil's plans. Well, I want to say it as plain as I know how. That same God inside of a five-fold ministry preaching that same message walked into this meeting this weekend and 150 and 200 and 300 lives were changed by the visitation. It's real. Stand on your feet and give God praise. It's real. &gt;&gt; Elohim has visited. &gt;&gt; Elohim has visited &gt;&gt; Arkansas again, &gt;&gt; folks. It's more real than the breath I'm breathing right now. God have mercy. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. I'm about to fall apart up here. &gt;&gt; It's more than a church to me. &gt;&gt; It's more than a sermon. It's more than a meeting. It's a reality. Elohim is in this building. The pillar of fire is whirling through this building. And he's here. He's here to heal you. He's here to save you. He's here to deliver you. [Applause] &gt;&gt; It's a visitation. &gt;&gt; I couldn't get to him, brother David, &gt;&gt; so he came to me. He came and got me. [Music] &gt;&gt; He came and got me, brother. &gt;&gt; He came and found me and he be to commune with me. wondering ended. You remember that day, sister, when your wondering just ended? Remember that day? How many remembers that day? When your wondering just ended and you said, "I know. I know. &gt;&gt; I've had a visit with you. &gt;&gt; We've communed. &gt;&gt; We've talked. be fellowshipped. I know brother said it beautifully. He said, "The days the voice of the seventh angel, but he shall begin to sound." He said, "Now there's a lot of symbols and questions." He said, "But now let's turn." And he said, "Hear this. You won't have to wonder no more." &gt;&gt; Don't feel good this morning to know that the favor of God is upon your life. &gt;&gt; Somebody say, "You preach that message of awful and strong. It's all I got. &gt;&gt; It's all I got. &gt;&gt; I've been inoculated. [Applause] Before a just God can pour out his judgment upon a people, he has to make a way of escape for everyone who desires to receive it. This is your day of visitation. You might not want to believe it because an uneducated minister said it, but don't pay no attention to the messenger. Pay attention to the message you're hearing. &gt;&gt; Oh word believers, give into my message. Hear me. Not my message, but his message &gt;&gt; that he firmly declares to be the truth. Can I say it to you this morning? &gt;&gt; It's the truth. &gt;&gt; It's real. &gt;&gt; We were talking there last night and brother David was sharing with me once that was in the meetings and missed it. Brother Seth also was sharing some things. He said there was a Pentecostal preacher. He said he was sitting down there in those Jones Bur meetings and he saw Brother Ram's gift and he saw that and he said, "Oh, he's a healer." Said he's a prophet. but said, "Today he's sitting in the Pentecostal church because they couldn't go all the way in and become a rainbow trout." &gt;&gt; But unto you that had ears to hear, &gt;&gt; it was more than a sign in the hand. &gt;&gt; It was more than a discernment. &gt;&gt; It was Elohim coming to your heart, to your tent, and sit down with you &gt;&gt; and breaking bread. &gt;&gt; Folks were going home. We're going home. &gt;&gt; This is an Exodus. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you what's going to happen? &gt;&gt; One of these mornings between 6 and 9, God's going to send a rapture &gt;&gt; and he's going to gather. He's going to gather all of his trophies. Going to take them home. &gt;&gt; Can I Can I give you the best part? [Music] going to sit you right there in his showroom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's going to take you to the marriage supper, the lamb or can I say the trophy, the trophy dinner, &gt;&gt; and you're going to sit at a table, 1500 miles long. [Music] &gt;&gt; You going to sit there. You got a seat right now. &gt;&gt; And all of a sudden, Brother Brian, he's going to step in the room. And he's going to have angels with him. He going to start walking down through there and he's going to say, "Y'all remember when you said I was a healer and I told you it was good, but it didn't do what it done for for me. Can I show you why? Because here's one of my sick children. &gt;&gt; Here's my trophies, folks. It's real this morning. &gt;&gt; It's more real than the air you're breathing. &gt;&gt; I wish I had words this morning. I've got I've got tons of them here. I'm out of time. I got tons of them here. Visitation after visitation after visitation and trophy after trophy after trophy. I wonder this morning how many raise your hands and say, "Lord, thank you for coming and getting me. I'm sorry. I'm I'm called up. Thank you for coming and getting me. I was in that school down there. I was in a spiritual school and they were teaching me how to live depressed and they were teaching me how to live defeated. But Lord, you come and got me &gt;&gt; and that voice anointed by that pillar of fire healed me and led me out and now I'm healed. I want to have me just close your eyes this morning to raise your hands and say, "Lord, thank you for your visitation. Thank you for your visitation. Thank you for coming by my way. Some of you all are sitting right here in this building this morning, direct descendants of loved ones and family members that sat in brother Bam's meetings. You're sitting here today &gt;&gt; believing this message. &gt;&gt; It's not apostolic succession. It's called predestination. &gt;&gt; It's called God watching over his seed. God keeping his schedule. God visiting his people. preserving your spirit. &gt;&gt; Oh, I wanted this morning there being by here say, "Lord, don't let me ever take this visitation for granted." &gt;&gt; Don't ever let it become common. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Almighty God, we bow our hearts in your presence this morning. Father, you're in this building in power and demonstration this morning. Lord, as I as I begin to come into these areas and looking at them, Lord, it just begin to bubble up in my heart, Lord, we got believers sitting here today, direct manifestations of the visitations of Almighty God. Father, you visited this generation and we want to say thank you, Lord. This message claimed this. Father, from before the foundation of the world, you placed a seed in our soul to believe these things. Now Lord, I want to say thank you that when when the rabbis and the lawyers and the scribes and Pharisees when they rejected you, you came to me. You went to the woman at the well. You met the thief on the cross. You melt the woman and committed in the very act of adultery. You found her, Lord, when they brought her to you. Oh God, you found young people here this morning. Now, Father, may they take these things, Lord, and may they feed upon them. Lord, may they see that this is not a cult or it's not the fallen of a man. It's the divine provision of God gathering his trophies for the marriage supper of the lamb. In Jesus name we pray. Brother Ben, would you come sing that he came looking for me? How many can testify that tonight? Can I tell you one more? He said, "Brother Andrew, God don't know how to get a hold of my kids. God don't know how to get a hold of them. They're too far gone. They're in this situation. They're in this problem. Do you know there was a man told me, he said, "Brother Andrew," he said, "I was in a in a Methodist church." And he said, "My parents went to brother Brandham." And they said, "Brother Brandham, our sons in the Methodist church said he's bound by their doctrine. Said he won't come out of it. Said he won't listen to us. said, "He's against you, against this message, against this truth." Said, "What should we do?" Brother Brandham said, "Don't worry." He said, "Just go on and be happy." You know what the brother told me? He said, "The Lord," the Lord spoke through Brother Brandham and said, "You all go." And said, "You go in that church and you go with him to that church." They said, "Go with him that church." He said, "Yeah, go with him that church." And he said, "In a few days, you'll be sitting there." And he said, "You'll see this light come in the room." He said, "You'll be the only one see it. you'll see this light. Said it'll come in the room and said it'll go right down to where he's at and it'll hang over him and you'll see it. Nobody else will see it. You'll see it. Said it'll hang over him and said in just a few minutes he'll feel a funny feeling and it'll leave. He said and the next time you talk to him he'll tell you he can't stay there no more. &gt;&gt; I said I said you really did that really happen? He said I'm the man. I said, "Really?" He said, "I'm the man." He said, "Mom and daddy was sitting there and one Sunday they was preaching, I was up on the second row and they saw that light come in there, said it hung over me and said, "I walked out there and said, "I can't go back." &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. Are y'all hearing me this morning? I've already said it, but I want to say it again. That pillar of fire is right here in this building this morning. Young man, the devil's cancelled. God is canceling the devil's plans. Young lady, God is cancelling the devil's plans. He come looking for you this weekend. Hallelujah. God bless you this morning. [Music] &gt;&gt; I would suffer defeat as the blackness of nights on the line. My heart sings with fear [Music] and my desperate cry. It rang out with cry. Oh, all I could see was hope inside with falling gone. Yes, I let the world came looking for me. Oh, he came looking for me. He came looking for me. He made a way when there was no way that I could see. Oh, I drifted so far. But Jesus was near. He rescued my soul and he calmed all my fears. Now I'm safe from all harm. I'm in the Lord. came looking for me. Satan had already picked out my grave. His plan was to fall and put me away. I drifted so far. But if you don't care that I soon be lost, well, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Oh, but Jesus appeared and said, "This son is high now safe from all harm." For he walked through the storm. He came looking for me. Oh yes, he came looking for me. He looking for me. Well, we made a way, but there was no way all that I could see. I drifted so far. But Jesus was near to rescue my soul and all my fears. Now I'm saved from my heart cuz I had no came here. Oh, I got to sing that second verse again. You see, Satan had already picked out my grave. His plan was to fool and put me away. I drifted so far, but it even feared that I soon lost. Well, I knew my destruction was a matter of time. Oh, but Jesus appeared. Said, "This child is mine. Now sing from afar. Oh cuz I'm in the war who came looking. I sing it to him this morning. He came looking for me. He came looking for me. Yes. He made a way. There was a way that I could see. [Music] I drifted so far. My Jesus was near res [Music] looking safe and already Satan had already picked up his plan was to fall and put me away. I drifted so far and he knew that I should be it all. When I knew my destruction was a matter of time Jesus appeared and said this child is mine now this morning I met the one who came looking for me. Yes, he came looking for me. [Music] He came looking for me. He made a way. There was no way that I could see. I drifted so far. Oh my god. [Music] He came looking for me. &gt;&gt; Not only did he come looking for you, but how many say he found you? I remember where I was, brother David Paul the day he found me. I ran from church, ran from serving God. What that brother was preaching was the absolute truth. And I know we had some visitors, there may some things that he said you might not understand, but if you go back in your Bible and you'll pick up the children of Israel coming out of Egypt, you'll see the Bible says there was a pillar of fire that led them out of there. And then when they got down in trouble, notice what that same pillar of fire done. It went right over behind them and it protect them from their enemy. So that same pillar of fire is still here today. &gt;&gt; So that's that's that's what we're preaching about. That pillar of fire that was present in the days of Jesus, that was present in the days of Israel. That same light that met Paul on the road to Damascus is the same pillar of fire that was in the ministry of William Brandham is the same pillar of fire that's here today. &gt;&gt; Amen. Every God called son and daughter of God since the days of Israel have followed that same voice. You realize that we've all from the days of Israel, we followed that same pillar of fire. I got news for you. We're the people today are following it. Amen. It's gone before me. It stands behind me. It defends me from my enemy. And the only place that the armor of God says there ain't no armor, but there's a pillar of fire back there that takes care of all my past and all the things that's pursuing me, he said, you just march onward. Take the sword and this faith that God has given us and you just march forward and let the pillar of fire do his job. We have a pillar of fire this hour. God has given it to us as a church. It'll lead us into our victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I thank God. That makes me want to shout this morning. &gt;&gt; We got a pillar of fire. Do you believe it? Amen. That makes that gives us a praise in our heart. It gives us a worship in our heart. What are these people so excited about? Well, if you want to know why they're acting like this, then go back in your Bible and read what it was like that day when they went across that Red Sea and their enemy was drowned in the sea and the Bible said Mariam picked up a tambourine and went dancing down the bank of the river because the pillar of fire had delivered them. It ain't something foreign. It ain't something new. I'm talking about the same pillar of fire. What are they washing? It's the pillar of fire. It's the angel of the Lord that is present among this church today. And I got news for you. There ain't no Miam, God bless her, going to take my place. &gt;&gt; I'm going to shout right with her all the way down the bank. You say, "Well, I tell you what. If I'd have been there that day, I'd have been down the river with him. I'd have been shouting." Well, let me ask you. If I'd have been there that day, I'd have been out there with Jesus in the wilderness. If I'd been there that day, I'd have been down on the river being at John the Baptist baptism. Well, let me let me just tell you how you are today is how you'd have been then &gt;&gt; because it's the same pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; So, you can't be one thing today and say, "But if I was living in history, I'd have been a real pillar of fire following believer." No, if you ain't following it today, you wouldn't have followed it then because it ain't in you to follow. But if you are following it today, you would have followed it then because it's in you to follow. &gt;&gt; And I got news for you. There ain't nobody going to take my place. &gt;&gt; There ain't no other There ain't no other worshiper. There ain't no rock. There ain't no tree. There ain't no There ain't nothing going to take my place. God put a worship in my heart to worship the pillar of fire. I got a right to. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's the angel of the Lord. Well, there ain't no rock going to cry in my praise. Long as I'm alive to testify, I'll praise his name. [Music] will [Music] long as I'm alive to testify. I'll praise his name. Well, there ain't no rock no going to cry in my place. As long as I'm alive to testify how great his name there ain't no tree going to clap in my face long as I'm alive testify I praise his name where there ain't no tree only clap in my place long as I'm alive justify praise his name where there ain't no going to clap in my place. Long as I'm alive to testify, I will praise his name. There ain't no wrong. [Music] Long as I'm alive to testify. [Music] Oh, long as I'm alive, testify, I praise his name. Well, there ain't no tree going to clap in my face. Long as I can to testify, yes, I will praise his name. There ain't no trees left in my place. As long as I'm alive to testify, I'll praise his name. Well, there ain't no word. I'm going to sing in my place. Long as I'm alive, testify, will I will praise his name. Going to sing in my face. Long as I'm alive to testify, I'll praise his name. Well, there ain't no rock going to cry in my place. Long as I'm alive to testify, I will praise his name. Going to cry in my place. Long as I'm alive and justified, I'll praise his name. &gt;&gt; I say God &gt;&gt; going to give my praise. God's going to give my praise. Devil, get out of my way. God's going to give my praise. God's going to give my praise. God's going to give my praise. Never get out of my way. God's going to give my praise. &gt;&gt; Where there ain't no wrong &gt;&gt; going to cry in my place. &gt;&gt; As long as I'm alive, I will praise his name. There ain't no rock. Oh, as long as I'm alive to testify, I'll praise his name. Well, I said God's going to get my praise. &gt;&gt; God's going to get my praise. Get out of my way. God's going to get my praise. &gt;&gt; I said, God's going to get my God's going to get my praise. Devil, get out of my way. God's going to get my praise. Well, God's children, they were stranded down at the Red Sea. Satan, he came by. He said, "You're going to fear me." But then out on the water, Moses lifted his hand. God's children then marched over on the way to the promised land. I said, "God's going to get my praise. &gt;&gt; God's going to get my praise. Never get out of my way. God's going to get my I said God's going to get my praise. God's going to get my praise. Never get out of my way. How many can say it tonight with conviction? &gt;&gt; Well, there ain't no going to sing in my praise. Long as I'm alive to testify. Yes, I will praise his name. There ain't no girl going to sing in my place. Long as I'm alive to testify, then I'll praise his name. Where there ain't no rock going to shout in my place, long as I'm alive to testify. Yes, I will praise his name. There ain't no rock but a shout in my place. As long as I'm alive to justify, I'll praise his name. for I said my God &gt;&gt; get my praise. &gt;&gt; God's going to get my devil get out of my way. God's going to get my &gt;&gt; Well, I said God's going to get my praise. God's going to get my praise. Devil get out of my way. God's going to get my praise. Well, some people they were bound up in 2025, but they came down to a meeting where the word of God was alive. They got free in the spirit. They started dancing across the floor. Then they turned to that old devil and said, "You won't hold me anymore cuz I know God's going to get my praise." Yes, God's going to get my praise. Devil, get out of my way. God's going to give my praise. I said God's going to get my praise. God's going to give my praise. Devil, get out of my way. God's going to But I say my God. &gt;&gt; Yes. My God. &gt;&gt; Oh, devil, get out of my way. God's going to give my Well, there ain't no tree going to clap in my place. I'll praise his name. There ain't no tree in my life for I praise his name where there ain't no tree going to wave in my place. Long as I'm alive to testify, I'll praise his name. where there ain't no trees going to wave in my place. Long as I'm alive to testify, I'll praise his name. For I know that my God, yes, my God's going to give my praise. &gt;&gt; Oh, devil, get out of my way. God's going to get my praise. God's going to get my praise. &gt;&gt; I said, my God's going to get my praise. &gt;&gt; Oh, devil, get out of my way. God's going to give the praise. &gt;&gt; How many say, "Praise the Lord." Say, "God is good. He's been good to me and his mercy endureth forever. For when I was lost, he came and found me. You couldn't go far enough that God couldn't find you cuz you belong to God." &gt;&gt; Amen. He came all the way to Arizona &gt;&gt; and found me. &gt;&gt; I was driving down the road running from the Lord &gt;&gt; for many years. Held bitterness in my heart. Didn't want to have nothing to do with God. Despised any man that would speak to me about it. I had been hurt. I had been lied to. I'd been destroyed. whole confidence in the gospel had been destroyed. I was out there one day with a brother I didn't really know and he didn't know me. He didn't know my life. &gt;&gt; I mean, can I just tell you an honest testimony real quick? He started this. We we were visiting and after a little bit he started telling me a testimony about him witnessing to a lady and that people had condemned him for it because it was a woman. Said she was down by the road and he said I started witnessing to her and said people kind of picked on me about it. He said but I I brought her to the church. Said then she gave her heart to the Lord. 25 years later she's still a piano player in the church married and got kids. He said, "Well, he started telling me that and I said, "Well, that's good. Good for you, but I ain't got no time for it." I started to walk out of the house, was leaving. I was out in Arizona and I w got to the door and started to walk out and he said, "Matt, can I tell you something? You won't be offended at me." I said, "Yeah, I guess, but he said, "You know that bitterness you hold?" And he named the person that was against. He said, "God God will take that from you." &gt;&gt; I said, "You don't know nothing about my life. you don't know nothing about my family. He said, I know about that spirit. He said, because I held that spirit against my dad. He said, I know if you'll let go of it, God can use you. &gt;&gt; I said, well, thank you. And I turned around, I left his house. I got down there in Phoenix, had a rental car. I was driving up to Baghdad. I got out in the middle of the desert out there in the middle of the driving upund something degrees, and the rental car broke down on the side of the road. And I pulled over and I took my phone. I tried to call the help line and my phone had no signal. The car wouldn't start. Nothing, nothing moving. I'm looking around. There ain't no cars coming to help. &gt;&gt; And I sat there for a minute and I got to think about what that man said. &gt;&gt; And the spirit of the Lord came down in that car where I was at &gt;&gt; and out there by myself. But I wasn't alone. &gt;&gt; And I gave my heart to the Lord sitting in that car. Said, "Lord, I've read from you. I've I I've held things that &gt;&gt; and I pray you forgive me right now and you know I had a had a time with the Lord just worshiping the Lord. It was all and then I then I got to think about people all the people that I hadn't talked to and people I had avoided and people tried to to help me and I wouldn't have nothing to do with them and I picked up my phone that didn't work and started calling them and telling them I just gave my heart to the Lord. I just want you to be the first one to know the Lord came and visited me when I was over on the side of the road. One after another after another. Then I started the car and I drove up to Baghdad. To this day, this is a God's honest my hand to God that really happened. To this day, I don't know what was wrong with that car. I don't know why it didn't work. I don't know if it overheated or whatever happened to it. But I know one thing. God came and visited me. Amen. &gt;&gt; And every one of us have a testimony like that. &gt;&gt; It may have been on the side of the road. It may have been out in a deer stand. &gt;&gt; It may have been on an altar at a church. &gt;&gt; It may have been out in a tent meeting. May have been in your mom's house in the living room or sitting there listening to your grandma, your grandpa. Every one of us have a testimony like that. &gt;&gt; And if you don't have that testimony yet, then today can be your day. &gt;&gt; This can be your day. &gt;&gt; I needed the Lord in my life. One time he called me. &gt;&gt; Two times he called me. He sent somebody by to say something to me, to encourage me. And it caused me to have a yearning in my heart to come back to God. But then I have my day of visitation. &gt;&gt; Maybe you just bow your heads this morning as we're ending this meeting. I'm going to ask you, maybe there'll be somebody I can't think to end a meeting without give you an opportunity. Say, "Brother Matt, I need that kind of visitation." Maybe there's somebody that the Lord has called you. God bless you, brother. Young man, God bless you. Young man, God bless you, young lady. Lord bless you. That God pulled at your heart and brought you to this place. Not to follow after a man or something, but God to follow after the very creator of heaven and earth that has called you to give your life to him. You realize there's nothing greater than serving God. Maybe you say, "This is a moment. Maybe this would be my opportunity." Won't you just raise your hand and say, "Lord, let me give my life to you Aresh. Lord, I I don't know where I may have fought it. God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister. I may have fought it so many years. God bless you, young lady. Many years I've ran from you. I've been hurt by people and I've lost confidence in the gospel and lost confidence in serving God. But there's something that's pulling at my heart and I just want to give my heart to God. Hands all over the building. Lord, let me serve you a new. Maybe if you've never made that commitment, if you'd like to come up, we'll have prayer with you. You're welcome to come. It's okay. If you if you don't if you don't come up, you want to stay in your seat, that's fine. This young lady up here with her hand raised, I know God knows what we need. You maybe just need a refreshing. God bless you. Y'all go ahead and come. Amen. Don't you worry. That's where that little woman did at the well. She came and met Jesus there. She just wanted to be in the presence of God. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Come on, brother. Lord, let me rededicate my life to you. Let this be a moment at the end of this meeting, Lord. God, let me rededicate my life to you, Lord. Let the spirit of God be renewed in my heart, Lord. God, I need a refresher for the presence of the Lord. I've shouted. I got free. I've I've done all the I had such a liberty in the meeting, but Lord, I really just need to refresh you. I need the move of God in my life. I need the spirit of God again to renew me. Amen. Come on. Take an opportunity to rededicate your life to the Lord. [Music] Amen. Jesus said, "They aren't ashamed of me here. I won't be ashamed of them there. I'm not ashamed of you, Lord. I'm not ashamed to to take a stand for the gospel. I'm not a ashamed to be believer and confess my wrongs before God." Amen. [Music] Gracious heavenly father. Lord, hear these precious hearts, Lord, God, that have come to you, Lord, this morning. Lord, just to be able to dedicate our lives, Lord, aresh, Lord, God, knowing how that this is such a tremendous age that we live, Lord. God, so many pressures, Lord, that are upon the church and God, on young people. It just seems like today it's a constant battle to serve you. But Lord, I just ask you this morning, Lord, for your hand of mercy, Lord, to sweep across this congregation, God, as you have proclaimed to be here, Lord, as our brother has confessed that that same pillar of fire is present among us here this morning, God, I just ask you, Lord, while you're here, Lord, while you're near my every heart, Lord, God, I pray that you would take everything that is unclean from our life. Lord, I pray we could rededicate our life to you, Lord, this morning. God, I pray Lord that you would restore the spirit of God. Lord, may you refill us with the Holy Ghost. God, may there be a refreshing from the throne of God in every heart. Lord, may may we have a such a life, Lord, before you, God, that a surrender, Lord Jesus. God, I pray you'd fill every heart with the Holy Ghost. God, I pray that when they leave this place, Lord, there'd be such a zeal to serve you, God. Lord, such a spirit of worship in our hearts, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, I just ask you, Lord, that you would just strengthen them, Lord. Strengthen this church and this body of believers, Lord, this morning, God. They may they be a lighthouse, Lord, everywhere they go, professing the name of Jesus Christ. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, may we manifest that very scripture here this morning. God, we thank you for everyone, Lord. As we worship you this morning, God, we just surrender our life to you this morning. Lord, &gt;&gt; all to him. I freely give. I will ever love and trust him. His presence daily. I surrender all. [Music] I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior th all. Yes. All to Jesus I surrender. Nothing at his feet. bound worldly pleasures all forsen. How many just lift your hands this morning? Say, "Lord, let me just give my all to you. Lord, let me serve you. Lord, let me be a worthy servant. Let me be found on that day that you could look at me and say, a good and faithful servant. I surrender all. All to you, my blessed savior. I surrender all. Yes. All to Jesus I surrender. Make me savior. Holy th Let me feel thy holy spirit truly know that thou art mine. I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all. All to you, my blessed savior. I surrender all. The last I said I surrender all. I surrender all [Music] to thee. My blessed Savior I surrender all. Can we just hold the music? Yes. All to Jesus I surrender humbly at his feet. Yes, I surrender all. I surrender all. [Music] All to thee, my blessed Savior, I surrender all. Well, I say I surrender my [Music] Yes, I surrender my home. All to you my blessed savior. I surrender all. Isn't he wonderful this morning? Amen. As we go from this place, feel free to stay in worship if you'd like. I know the sisters have a meal prepared for everybody next door. We invite everybody to come and fellowship and eat with us today and maybe take what uh take what God has done for you and let it be a testimony in your life. Amen. I tell you what, it's a it's a growing process being a believer every day. Just God does a little bit more. The more you feed on the word and the stronger you get and the more time you spend in prayer, the stronger you get. Amen. And God raises us all. Don't worry about where you come from. Worry about where you're going. We spend too much time looking at the past anyway. I ain't worried about that. I'm worried about where we're going. Amen. If you love the Lord this morning, Amen. Turn around, tell somebody you love on this morning. Say, "It's been good to be in the in the meetings with you. Boy, it may never be like this again. May be our last meeting we ever have, but I say God bless you. May God richly bless every one of you. May this meeting be something that has strengthened your heart and cause you to be closer to God. Made your testimony that much stronger. We're trophies of God's grace. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? What a powerful message. How many enjoyed that message tonight? Isn't that powerful? Trophies of God's grace. Brother Andrew said, "And these trophies These trophies have a voice. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have a voice. Not just something to hang on a wall. We got a voice. &gt;&gt; Amen. I thank God that he's given us a voice to be able to tell the testimonies that God has done in our life. Friends, don't hold your voice. Don't hold it back. Let your testimony. Let it shine. You say, "What what can I say?" Can I tell you? Can I go ahead and tell you the greatest voice that you have is the life that you live. &gt;&gt; It speaks louder than anything you could say out of your mouth. Every time you go into the community or going to school, the very life that you're living is a testimony of the grace of God. And it don't take long somebody comes by and say, "Why do you live like that? What happened to you? Timber, what happened to you? What changed? You used to want to come down here and party and hang out with us. What changed? What took that out of you? Well, I met Jesus one day. &gt;&gt; He put something else in my heart. And that thing, what used to satisfy me, it don't satisfy me anymore. But the love of God has taken over my heart. &gt;&gt; I'm going to spend my life serving him. &gt;&gt; Be a testimony of the grace of God. With Amos, you be a testimony of God's grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let God's voice speak through your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. What a powerful thing it is to allow the voice of God to speak out of your life, manifesting the grace of God is present in this hour. God is so good. You love the Lord this morning. I hate to even leave. Amen. Just appreciate the Lord. Thank him for his presence and his mercy, the grace that he give us. Amen. Isn't he Isn't he blessed us so much? Amen. He's just been so wonderful to us. Amen. Appreciate you coming. God bless you as you go this morning. And I look around and see all the good things that you've done for me. I know I'm unworthy of them all and your blessings. Lord, you freely give. I [Music] got so much to thank him for. Oh, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's done. So very much for me. Oh, when I think of all that my God has done, the kind of life you brought me Oh my God. So much to think.
