################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-17 - Bro. Wayne Lawson  The Great High Priest That Can Be Touched  10-17-2025 - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-17
Title:    Bro. Wayne Lawson | The Great High Priest That Can Be Touched | 10-17-2025
Speaker:  Wayne Lawson
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8orfyOCEJA
========================================

Description:
Friday Evening Service
Tent revival
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God bless you. Turn around. Wait for the God bless you. The little girl with tremendous faith be well. God bless you, honey. Go. You're right. Do you believe me as his prophet, his servant? Do you believe that God is near and his spirit and this which is now being done is of the Lord Jesus, not me. I'm a man. Yeah. If God will let me know what's wrong with you as a vindication that I am his prophet standing here revealing the truth. As he said to the woman, "Go get your husband." She said, "I have none." He said, "You have five." She said, "I see you're a prophet." See, I perceive that you're a prophet. Now, that same spirit that was on that son of God, he promised to send it back in the form of the Holy Ghost that would be with us and dwell with us to the end of the world. You believe it? &gt;&gt; If he can know your troubles now, can he? You got heart trouble. Is that right? Every person with heart trouble, stand to your feet. You can be healed right now. No matter what it is of the heart trouble. Lord God, thou knowest our strength and how feeble we are and how weak. But Lord, we know how strong you are. And heart trouble is something our doctors cannot do anything by. But Lord, who made the heart? You did. And I now rebuke this demon power that's holding these people to heart trouble. May he come out of every one of them in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, sister. I just want to say something to you. You feel different now than you felt in a long time, have you? I so the people know this is a real dark spirit. You had bad stuff when you lay down. And now it's gone from you. You're healed. You I just told Yes, sir. You are all right. How do you do, sir? All right. us being strangers one to another. But the Lord Jesus knows us both. Is that right? The God of heaven who created the heavens and earth dwelt in Jesus Christ promised to return again in us. And what he done we do also. Do you believe me to be his prophet? The reason I say that the angel of the Lord told me, get the people to believe you. And if they won't believe you, then you'll know the very secrets of their heart and they'll have to believe it then. But you do believe me. And besides the reason that you do believe me, you are a minister of the gospel yourself. And you're here for a good cause. You're not sick. You're in need. And you want an oldfashioned revival to break in your community. Lord, &gt;&gt; that's what you're &gt;&gt; Every one of us wants that. Let's all stand for an oldfashioned revival. Almighty God has created the heavens and earth. I ask now that every demon's power in this building will be broke. The power of Jesus Christ be made manifest. Lord, weak, but we're not defeated. Satan, Iure thee in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Come out of the people. Stand up, you people, out of the wheelchairs. Give him praise. Every one of them. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] And if God will just reveal to me what is wrong with you, would you accept him as your healer? You would. Now, we are strangers, I suppose. Aren't we? Never seen each other in life nowhere. But God knows what's wrong with you. Isn't that right? You're one of your greatest saints. You're an enemy also. Isn't that right? You believe that God will make you well. Lord Jesus, I pray that you'll heal the woman. Make her well. Father, may she go from here tonight and be made completely whole. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask it. Amen. Now, go rejoicing, pray. Now, that's according to your faith, sister. See, he never told me one thing. Just said what was wrong with you. Watch what he says. See what he tells you that you do. Now, that's totally up to you. See, you believe it. You said you'd accept it. and he talk at your word. You take him at his word. Go testify the same. You'll get wet. Amen. Let's say thanks be to God. &gt;&gt; Thanks be to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, we are these strangers. I see that you are strictly a stranger to me. You're from away from here. You come from another city. You've got a lot of trouble on your heart. You got hard trouble to begin with. Is that right? There's a whole lot of blackness. I see a black sheep keep following you like that. Or it's a lie. Somebody's pulled a lie on you. And that was a man was professing divine healing. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; He said you was a witch. Is that true? And you got a whole stir in your church or something about it. Isn't that right? Your pastor's sick right now. He's got polio. Is that right, sister? Don't pay no attention to what them people tell you. They're lying. And the only thing wrong with your heart is that nervous condition got your heart worked up. Go on home in peace and God bless you. You're all right. God bless you. You're not all right. You believe with all your heart. Believe God will heal you. Let that leave you. Make you well. Lord Jesus, I pray that you'll heal the woman and may she get completely whole. I ask this blessing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go on your road rejoicing, saying, "Thank you, Lord." And you'll get welcome. Come, lady. Almighty God, author of life, give this woman her perfect health in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. Just a minute. Something happened to you. You know that. You're aware of that. Is that right? Wiped all over the building. And every person here could be healed right now if you'd believe it. You believe this? Have faith in God. Are you one of the ushers, sir? All right, sir. That lady sitting right there got heart trouble. That speckled dress on. Stand up, lady. You just healed you. They have that heart trouble. You believe that with all your heart? All right. There's a lady there with her handkerchief up crying. Just had a lick on the head the other day. She's got a headache. It's causing it. Is that right? Stand up and accept your healing in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. How many of the rest of you want to accept your healing? Jesus Christ is right here now to heal you. Do you believe that? All that wants to be healed, stand to your feet right now. Every person in the building who wants to be healed, stand to your feet. &gt;&gt; Raise up your hands like this to God. Almighty God, the author of life, the giver of every good gift. As our spirit is here tonight, I pray that you'll heal every person in this building, thou art here, the Holy Spirit is here. And I now as your servant along with these other servants curse every disease in the ear. May the Jesus Christ the son of God heal every person in here. Satan leave these people in Jesus Christ's name. Now let the people got their hands up say praise God and go to rejoicing giving God. All right. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's nothing like his presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the pre Oh, why don't you stand and sing it tonight? Yes, I'm free. Oh, and I'm free in his presence. And I'm here in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven. Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. Oh, there's healing in his presence tonight. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Or are you free tonight? And I'm free in his presence. Yes, I'm here in his presence. Oh, I'm forgiven. Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever. Oh, if you need freedom tonight, there's that here. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Oh, freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's freedom in the presence. Oh, freedom in the presence. [Music] the Lord. Oh, there's joy in his presence. Yes, there's joy in the presence. Joy in his presence. Oh, joy in the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's joy in his presence. Joy in his presence. There's joy in the presence of the Lord. Oh yes, I'm free and I'm free. Oh hallelujah. Oh and I'm healed [Music] in his presence. Well, I'm forgi. [Music] Oh, I'm not the same. Yes, I'm changed. Oh, sing that chorus once more tonight. Oh, yes, I'm free. Oh, in his presence and I'm healed in his presence. Oh, I'm forgi. Oh, I'm not the same. I'm changed forever in his presence. Oh, aren't you thankful for his presence tonight? We can gather here under this tent and we have an expectation that he's going to show up and I know that he will because he's been here the last two services and I know he'll show up and show out for us again tonight. Brother Brian, will you come open the service in a word of prayer? Certainly good to be h have gathered each and every one of you, all of our visitors. We welcome you. Those on the live stream just ask that you just enter into worship tonight. Bless you. We bow our hearts. Lord, we come before you, Lord. Lord, we know you're present, Lord. Lord, that we could enter in, Lord Jesus. Father, you said you inhabit the praises of your people, Lord. Father God, and you have set this people free, Lord. Father, you broke every chain, Lord God. Lord God, you broke every feeder, Lord God, that would bind us, Lord. So I know we're free, Lord. And I know that who you have set free is free indeed, Lord. So we gather together tonight, Lord. Father, and we lift up holy hands unto you, Lord, that you would be so pleased, Father God, to come down in our presence, Lord, Father, and walk amongst us, Lord, and speak to us, Lord. Father, we've come together tonight to hear from you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we always come, Lord, with great expectations of what you will do, Lord. But I pray tonight, Lord, that we meet your expectations, Father. Lord, that our hearts would just open up, Lord, and give way unto you, Lord. Father God, just cover us tonight, Lord. Father, pour yourself out upon us, Lord. Be so pleased in our worship. Be so pleased in the word, Lord. Father God, I'm asking it, Lord. And you said, "Whatever we ask in your name, it shall be given, Lord." That is the promise of your word and I know it shall be fulfilled in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, amen. Amen. You may have your seats tonight. Certainly good to be gathered once again. Just a couple announcements. Uh the bathrooms are up in the church. Just walk in the front doors to the right. Men's and women's are both are on that side. So if you need the restrooms, they're over there. Um after the service tonight, we will be having a meal tonight. And then tomorrow night and Sundays, we will be also providing a meal. So we just have those that we can have fellowship after the word tonight. So I would not be denied. I would be denied. He talked about Caleb last night looking over into the promised land and seeing that inheritance that was his. And Caleb didn't know how long it would take, but he was persevering that no matter what how how long it was going to take, no matter what he had to do, but he was going to get to that promise tonight. So if you have a need tonight, desire of your heart, just keep pressing on and say, "Lord, I'm not going to leave until you bless me tonight." Oh, when pains of death cease on my soul, poto the Lord, I cry until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be. Oh yes, I would not be enough. I know I would not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be high. Well, as Jacob in the days of old, I wrestled with the Lord. Oh, and instead with the courage, I stood upon God's word. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be. Oh, I like this verse. You see, oh, Satan said that my Lord, he was gone and would not hear my Oh, but I got good news tonight. Oh, praise the Lord. The word is done and Christ the Lord he is here. Oh yes I would not be denied. Oh no I would not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me whole. Oh let's sing that third verse once more. You see, oh Satan said that my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord is here. I know I would not be denied. Oh yes, I would not be denied. till my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would Oh, sing it again now. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be redeemed. I'm singing. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh yes. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my sal. Oh, magnify him. Oh, magnify the Lord. Oh, he's worthy of it tonight. For he is worthy to be praised. Oh yes, the Lord with me. Oh, for he is worthy. Oh, hosana. Yes, hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock above. I'm singing glory. Bring glory to his name. For he lives and reigns on you believe it tonight. I'm singing glory, bring glory to his name. I know he lives and reigns forever more. I'm singing hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh and Jehovah is his name. Oh for he provide. Are do I have any witnesses tonight for Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh for he provideth almighty. Sing the chorus now. Hosana. Oh yes. Blessed be the rock. Oh blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise tonight? [Music] Oh, sing the wondous love of Jesus. I'll sing his mercy and his grace. Oh, in the manions bright and blessing will prepare for us a place. Oh, when we get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all sing Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. So while we walk the road from the pathways, clouds will spread the sky. Oh boy. When traveling days, a shadow, not a sign. Oh, we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all see Jesus will sing. Oh, let's all stand and sing this third verse now. Oh, so let us be true and faithful, trusting, serving every all. It'll be worth it. Just one glimpse of him in glory will the tours of life remain. Oh, and we all go into heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. [Music] All that singing as the brothers come for the offering tonight. Oh, and we all Oh, get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all sing. Jesus, we'll sing and shout. Oh, let's sing this last verse now. Oh, so hard onto the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. Oh, soon the pearly gates will open. We shall tread the streams of gold. Oh, and we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout the victory. Oh, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Are you going to be at that meeting? &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Morgan, will you go ahead and pray with the offer? [Music] [Music] Amen. And I always forget to announce a bit of all the offering taken. This weekend will go towards all the expenses for the tent revival. So just keep that in mind. Well, there's a happy land of promise over in the grave beyond where the save earth shall soon glory share. Oh, where the souls of men shall answer and live on forever more. Everybody will be happy over you. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over thee. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, we'll be singing round the throne in that land wherever gold. Oh, and the Christians of all ages will join in that triumph song. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. For we will give nobody praise and no mourning in that land. For no burdens there will be for us to bear. And all the people will be singing glory, glory to the lamb. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Yes, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy. Oh, I like this verse. You there will meet the one who saved us and who kept us by his grace and he brought us to that land so right and fair. Oh, we will praise his name forever as we look upon his face. Everybody will be happy over there. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy will be happy over there. Yes, we will shout and sing God's praises everybody. Oh, let's sing that last verse. Make it personal now. Oh, then I'll meet the one who saved us and who kept me by his grace. And he brought me to that land so right and fair. Oh, I will praise his name forever as I look upon his face. Everybody will be happy. Oh, turn and shake your neighbor's hand. For everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Yes, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Sing it again. Oh, now everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. [Music] Sing God's praises everybody. Oh, just once more as brother Sh comes. I'm singing. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy. over there. Yes, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. How many's happy tonight? Oh, you can do better than that. How many's happy tonight? &gt;&gt; Oh, who the son has made free is free indeed. How many free virgin we have? Oh my. All we got to do is elevate. The crow can't go where the eagle can soar. Ain't you thankful for that tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. It's been requested we sing this song tonight. [Music] I've been blessed. When he moves among us, all that he does, all of his mercy and all of his love in the pit of the rider ride every day. Even this world could never contain. Oh, how I be. Oh, w in the winter. Flowers and spring. Laughter at summer. The changing of leaves. There's food on my table, a good place to sleep. There's clothes on my back or shoes on my feet. Oh, I have been God so good to me. [Music] me. No way I can count. There's not enough time. So I'll just make him so kind. God is bigger. So so good. Are you blessed tonight saints? Arms that will raise. A voice that can talk, hands that can touch, and legs that can walk, ears that can listen, eyes that can see. Oh, I've got your praise. As long as I breathe. Oh, I have been blessed. [Music] Mother and father, sisters and brothers. Oh memories that's made a pastor to lead us. The altar to pre and the blood to save. I am so blessed. Oh, I am so blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way. Are you blessed, saint? Oh, there's not enough time tonight. I'll just take care of me. And so God is bigger. So so I love I like this one. Now this world cannot hold me and all of it blue. I cannot be defeated cuz I'm a part of the group. We live at the end time with a message from the king. It's repairing our hearts. Rapture ready. Oh, I am so blessed. He's my shoulder to lean on when I am down. The rock where he leads me. When I'm overwhelmed, the place where he hides me under his wings. He's just a song. Oh, he's the reason I sing. I am taking a chance this evening. I am God so good to me. Precious thoughts of you and me. There's not enough time. So I'll just take care for being so kind. God has bigger so I have been blessed. Oh, you love it. Give a hand clap of praise. Aren't you blessed tonight? Amen. You may have your seat. Sister Destiny, if you'll go ahead and bring your special here tonight. And after after her, we'll have brother Seth. [Music] This day it's Easy to feel all alone. Oh, to sit and think my Lord. You have done me all wrong. I've been out here serving faithfully, but I know I'm not alone. So I'll speak your name cuz it's the fire that's burning in my bones. No, I can't quit. And there's a fire burning in my soul. Sometimes I want to lay down, but you give me strength to carry on. Oh, I know. Out on this battlefield sometimes I'll face defeat, but I can't quit when there's a fire burning in me. Some people are quitting. They're laying down their sword. Oh, they won't weary from this battle. We are fighting for our Lord. But when I think of what he did on the cross of Calvary, I lift up the blood save and I march with the redeemed. No, I can't quit. When there's a fire burning in my soul, sometimes I want to lay down, but he gives me strength to carry on. Oh, I know. Out on this battlefield sometimes I'll face defeat, but I can't quit. Oh, there's a fire burning in me. No, I won't quit cuz there's a fire burning in my soul. Sometimes I want to lay down. You give me strength to carry on. Because I know out on this battle field sometimes, Lord, I'll face defeat, but I can't quit cuz there's a fire burning in me. Oh, I can't quit cuz there's a fire burning in me. No, we can't quit cuz there's a fire burning this bride. [Music] [Music] A hand of fear cripped the crowd that day at Gyrus's When the doctor shook his head and said, "She's gone." You could feel that mother's heartbreak. You could hear them cry and mourn. Oh, their little girl was only 12 years old. Well, somewhere in the distance, outlined against the sun, there came a man with a mission from the throne. [Music] Well, they said, "Look, somebody's coming." Well, but they did not know there was a promise coming down that dusty road. Well, there's a promise coming down that dusty road. Well, from his holy hands, healing virtue flows. He's got the keys to what you need. Hell and death, he will defeat. Well, there's a promise coming down that dusty road. Well, there's a promise coming down that dusty road. Well, from his holy hands, he virtue flows. He's got the keys to what you need. Death in hell, he will defeat. There's a promise coming down that dusty road. Well, the wonder turned to mocking when Jesus did speak. He said, "Your daughter's not dead. She's just asleep." Well, he turned to those unbelievers and he told them to go home. Then they heard him say, "Leave me and death alone." Well, he laid his hand upon the child. He looked death in the eye. He said, "All power in heaven and earth belong to me." Heard a voice like thunder and he heard death a thunder. He said, "Little girl, rise and be healed." Well, there's a promise coming down your dusty road. Well, from his holy hands, he'll virt you close. He's got the key to what you need. Death in hell he will defeat. Well, there's a promise coming down your dusty road. Well, there's a promise coming down your dusty road. Well, from his holy hands, he'll virt you close. Oh, he's got the keys to what you need. Death in hell he will defle. There's a promise coming down that dusty road. Then he laid his hand upon the child and he looked death in the eye. He said, "All power in heaven and earth belong to me." Well, with a voice that sound like thunder. Heard death of thunder. He said, "Girl, rise up and be healed." Well, there's a promise coming down your dusty road. will in his holy hands healing virtue flows. Oh, he's got the keys to what you need. Death in hell, he will defeat. There's a promise coming down your dust. Well, there's a promise coming down that dusty road. [Music] [Music] coming down. [Music] And through his holy hands, he virtual. He holds the key to what you need. Death and hell, he will defeat. There's a promise coming down that dusty throne. Amen. I want you to give the Lord. Let's go ahead and praise the Lord. I believe we have a promise coming. Amen. Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there shall I be in the midst of them. How do you know God's going to show up in the meeting because we have a promise? &gt;&gt; Amen. We made a way according to the word of God. Amen. How many's looking forward to an outpouring of the Holy Ghost? Amen. How many's enjoyed the meeting so far? Amen. Hadn't it? Yeah. Go ahead. It's all right. Give the Lord some praise. Amen. Amen. I think we ought to praise the Lord more anyhow. Amen. If he's been real good to you, you give him a little hand clap of praise. But if he's been a big God to you, give him a great big hand clap of praise. Amen. He's a great big God. He's done so much for us, we could write books about it. He never failed us. He never forsook us when we were lost and gone astray. But he came looking for us because you belong to him &gt;&gt; and he said, "I've never lost a one and he deserves our praise." You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; It's been good to be in the meetings and certainly appreciate these brothers. such a wonderful uh ministry that has came to speak and sure enjoyed brother Andrew uh opening up the meeting and just such a faith-building message about the soldiers in God's army and and how that we have the greatest weapon that there is that God has given us to battle whatever it is that we come in contact with. And brother Jonathan came behind him last night and preached another great faith-building message. And I love that. I thought that quote was so powerful tonight. Tonight I thought I'd read it. He said Jesus showed his human parts. He wept with those who wept. He laughed with those who laughed and he's in victory that with those who is in victory. So let's just keep him in victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. So we are we're in How many's in victory tonight? Amen. Let's just keep him in victory. I believe he knows what we have need of here. That God has been building our faith for two nights in a row. He's been building our faith. And the Bible says, "For whatsoever is born of God overcomemeth the world." And this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. God has given us a faith to overcome everything that we have need of tonight. I know that's what it takes. It takes faith to have victory. So, we come tonight with a How many How many have faith tonight to believe that God is more than able uh to do abundantly more than we could ever ask or think? Do you ever think of that? More than you could ever ask. More than you could ever think to even ask. God can do even abundantly more than that. God is such a great God. And so we come in expectation tonight and expecting God to do great things. We have uh some requests, prayer requests. Brother Herald had called uh asking for prayer. Wanted to be here tonight and some battling some sickness in his body. Also, we've been praying for brother Roy. Not sure if he was able to make it tonight, but no. And I just want to continue to remember him in prayer and also uh Jordan. And she was in the hospital last night to about 8:00 this morning. And uh but today she was feeling a lot better today. So I just want to continue to lift her in prayer. And I know that God certainly knows all of our heart and all of our needs. So uh maybe if you have a need, won't you just lift it to the Lord tonight? And and brother Dave, could you come? Maggar, would you want to pray over these requests for us tonight? And and we certainly want to allow God to have his liberty in the meeting. And and I believe he's more than able to meet our needs. Amen. So, won't we just call upon him today? Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, you're so good to us. Lord, I thank you for victory tonight. Lord, I thank you for the Bible says that you took the stripes that we could be healed. And Lord, it's good to be here tonight. I feel your presence, Lord. And as brother Matt already said, you promised you'd be in our midst. You said whether two or three was gathered in your name, you'd be in our midst. Lord, I thank you. And Lord, I pray tonight that Lord, you heard the request. You knew him before they ever made mention. Lord, I know some of them would like to be here tonight. But I believe you're a God that still moves, a God that still answers prayer. And Lord, I believe right now you could go where they're at. Lord, you have total deliverance for them. Lord, I just pray that you'd be with each one. Lord, I pray you'd be with the rest of this service. I pray tonight a great outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Lord, Lord, David said, you're a lifter up in my head. And Lord, tonight I thank you. I pray that there wouldn't be one leave down tonight. I pray, Lord, when we leave tonight, there wouldn't be one leave without healing. And Lord, we thank you. Just pray that you'd be with each thing that's said and done. I trust, Lord, it'd be for your glory. Lord, again, we appreciate what you've done for us being the rest of the service and we'd be careful to give you the praise in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We honored to have brother Wayne here with us tonight and they come all the way from Ohio, him and Cararissa and and had some time to be able to spend with them and certainly been a a blessing. And Sister Bethy's here somewhere and uh if she would come, I think Destiny may There she is. Amen. And uh so we just uh certainly appreciate them coming and I want to say I appreciate all of you and we couldn't have a meeting if people wasn't at the meeting. So God bless you. God bless you buddy. And sure good to see everybody uh come and just uh fellowship around the word of God. Amen. How how many has expectation tonight? Amen. That God to do great things. And I believe he is certainly going to do just that. [Music] You can take your seat if you'd like. Just a moment. [Music] God Jehovah, you're our healer, you and you. We will trust you. Jehovah forever. You're our He [Music] to where our h When everything around us says there is no we're never going to let go of the hand of your own God Jehovah Jehovah you're our healer. you and you alone. We will trust you tomorrow forever. You're our healer with you and you, Lord. who are standing on the proise foundation of your word. Oh, and everyone is here who comes before you, Lord. We're leaning on your power. You do what can be done now and forever. We know it's going to come to Jehovah forever. You're our healer. You and you alone cuz we will trust you. Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone &gt;&gt; in all depression every sing he addiction. [Music] In every family, in every heart break, Lord, you heal and you're going to do it. You're going to do it. Jehovah rest. Lord, I know you. You are going to do it. You're going to hear your heart forever. [Music] God, Jehovah. You're our you and you alone. Oh, we will trust you to hold forever. You're our healer. You and you alone. all depression. &gt;&gt; All depression. &gt;&gt; Amen. It doesn't matter what it is that you have tonight. God has given us a promise that he'll overcome &gt;&gt; every sickness, &gt;&gt; every sickness. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. You heal all addiction, [Music] every family, over every heartache. Yes, for you. If you believe that God is going to do that tonight, won't you stand and sing it with us? Sing, Lord, you're going to be Jehovah forever. We know you will. You're going to do it. Not because I said so, but because God said so. Yes, Lord. You're going to do it. We know you will. I say you're going to do it. Yes, you're going to do it. You're going to give me healing for my body. You're going to deliver me of the the things that's been tormenting my life. Lord, you're going to help me to overcome the things I haven't been able to overcome. I say you're going to do it. Yes, you're going to do it. I know you will. Lord, I believe it. Yes, Lord. I believe it. Lord, I believe. I know you will. You're going to heal me. Yes, you're going to hear me. Said you're going to hear me. I know you. I know you're going to show up. Yes, you're my [Music] mountain. You're worth every mountain. You're worth every mountain. Lord, I know you God. Jehovah. Jehovah forever. You're my healer. You and you alone. Yes, we will trust you. Jehovah Rafa. How many can lift your hands to the Lord tonight as we prepare our hearts for the preaching of the word of God? Can you call him that? Jehovah Rafa with an open heart. Jehovah Jehovah forever. Won't you just invite him to come in a spirit of worship tonight? You and you alone. Lord, we will trust you. Jehovah, [Music] you're our healer. You and you alone. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe. I say only believe. Only believe. [Applause] All things are possible. All believe [Music] all things are possible. As a declaration of your faith tonight, won't you just lift your hands and say, "Lord, I believe." Now, only if you believe it now. Say, "Lord, I believe." &gt;&gt; Lord, let this song be a confession of our faith tonight. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Yes, Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are awesome, Lord. I &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe that's the declaration of every true believer. Amen. uh that believes upon our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. That is the the part that he gave us. I remember one time a man came to Jesus. He said, "Lord, if thou canst heal my child." And the Lord said, "If thou can't believe, all things are possible." So he gave us the easy part. We believe and he does the work. Amen. And so it's certainly good to be here with you tonight and to get together under this tent tonight to be able to worship the Lord and be able to come here together to see the spirit of the Lord, get a hold of our situations and our needs. And I want to thank brother Matt and Grace Tabernacle here tonight for making these things possible. And and all of you that came out uh tonight to get under this tent to bring your lick of fire together, to be able to come and to fellowship around the great word of God. Amen. And uh it it is real honor to have Teresa with me tonight and Sister Bethany all the way down. Uh we we came down for these meetings especially and amen to be able to visit with family and it's so good to have uh some kin folk here tonight and Rosetta and Annie coming all the way in here tonight and Ruthanne and Amen just to be able to come be a part and amen we we certainly pray the Lord would give them a real blessing. Amen. and certainly uh a privilege to be able to speak tonight on the the greatness of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Uh we have a couple things tonight uh on our heart and I just before we read the word, if we could just go to the Lord in a word of prayer, if you just join with me tonight. Father, we thank you tonight for this wonderful atmosphere. Lord, we thank you for this platform that's been built. Lord, a place where your word could be spoken. the people have gathered in this place tonight to glorify the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, if there's one that don't know you, we pray that the very illuminating power of God would come into the building tonight to open hearts and eyes. Lord, if there's a wayward believer, Lord, that has fell backwards and grown cold, I pray, Lord, that you would reach out into the dark, Lord, and that you would lift them to a place of fellowship. I I ask tonight for those that are sick among us, Lord. I ask that you would heal them. You would touch them. Lord, I pray tonight. Father, even maybe some watching this, I pray that your great Holy Spirit, Lord, would just reach out into that realm of the invisible that you would touch the sick and needy, Lord. For we know that you're a great and mighty healer. Now, tonight, we come to you, Father, where you said that we could come in a time of need. And we ask you, Father, upon these bases that you would come and take control of these meetings and use them for your divine glory. Lord, we humble ourselves before you and this congregation knowing there's not one thing that a human could do to help another. But Lord, here there is a great and mighty spirit that could take your word, Lord. And if you would do something wonderful among us tonight, we would give you all the praise and the glory and the honor. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. And God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, uh, I'd like to read to you from the book of Hebrews, uh, the fourth chapter. And I want to read the 12th verse down to the 16th. This is a little something I have been personally studying, and it's something that has been very much a blessing to me. Um, and and I just pray that it's a blessing to you tonight. I pray God would somehow use it to be able to touch your situation. in Hebrews chapter 4 and verse 12. Uh I believe Apostle Paul is the writer of this Hebrew book and he's trying to speak to these that are crossing over from the Jewish uh the Hebrew into and he's writing a beautiful letter and he said for the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword. It is piercing even to the dividing of sunder of the soul and the spirit and of the joint and the moral and it is a discerner of the thought and the intent of the heart. &gt;&gt; Now neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight, but all things are naked and opened unto the eyes of him whom we have to do. Now seeing then that we have a great high priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God, let us hold fast our profession. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly under the throne of grace that we may be able to obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. We ask the Lord to bless his word tonight and I want to speak to you for a few moments on this. The great high priest that can be touched that can be touched. Now if you if you like to study your Bibles, the book of Hebrews is a very wonderful book. It's a it's a key book of the Bible. It's a uh I I think it's one of the books that honestly if you told me I couldn't have but one book, it may be that one. Amen. It's just it's so inclusive of what it is. And you know, sometimes people look at something like the Old Testament and and of course I know we don't have one book, but sometimes you look at the Old Testament and you think of of the things that are there and really all of the laws and all of that only starts making sense when you start getting to the book of Hebrews. And it's in the book of Hebrews that it begins to develop really what it is that Christ is, what he did for us, how he manifest, and how he prophesied. And so it's a it's a very beautiful uh reading and and it's it's something that Paul I think it's powerful here in Hebrews 4 is that he has just been talking in Hebrews 3 about the rest that God has for the children of God. And he was telling them that it of course is not a Sabbath such as a Sunday or as a Saturday. Of course, a lot of people want to worship God on one of those days, but Paul was trying to let them know that there's not a certain day that man would worship, but that God had given us a rest. And that rest was that the spirit of God entered into man. That Jesus said, "Come unto me all you weak and heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Now, the rest he gave was the Holy Ghost. That's what gives a person an eternal rest. And then Paul goes on to say that the people uh in in the Old Testament, they heard the word of God. He says, "But they did not mix what they heard with faith. So they heard it, but it didn't profit them anything. They they wasn't benefited by the Bible said line on line and word upon line, but it didn't benefit them in that they didn't believe the word." Amen. But he said, "Don't you fall after the same example of unbelief." Amen. But we we could enter in. And if we're going to labor, let us labor to enter in to the rest that God gives. And then immediately he's talking about this rest. And he's talking about how that the Sabbath is done away with. And now Paul is going to be introducing the doing away, amen, with the priesthood. He's going to be doing away with the sacrifices. He's going to do with the altars. Amen. But at the same time he's doing this, he turns and tells them, "But we do have a priest." Amen. Hey, we we're not going to have a priest like we used to have, but God has left us a priest. And he's going to now introduce to us the idea that Jesus Christ is fulfilling the prophecy that Melazdc laid down in the book of Genesis when he came unto Abraham. Amen. And and this is this makes a great theme knowing that Hebrews the first chapter he begins with that God in sundried time spoke through the prophets. And it was God through the prophets, right? Man didn't write the Bible. God wrote the Bible. But it was God through prophets that wrote the scriptures. And he said in various times, in various ways. So there was a a dispensationalism where God appeared under different mask and and spoke unto them unto whirlwinds and pillars of fires and and God appeared unto them always. But in Hebrews, by the time he gets done the 13th chapter, he's going to say that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And though he's appeared different times and he's appeared different ways and he has spoken different times, he never is going to change. And Malachi said he's a God that changes not. Amen. And how we are to relax in that tonight. How we are to rest to know that we have a God that is an unchanging God in the midst of a changing world in a changing time. But he is the only uh uh he's the only thing that's not variable. He is one, amen, that is without shadow of turning. He alone is God and there is none beside him. And when Paul begins this that the word of God is a discerner. Amen. It's amazing because Paul is immediately forecasting or looking backwards into the book of Genesis in Genesis 18. We know that Abraham is the father of our faith. Now, if you're a Christian tonight, it's only because that you're Abraham's seed. Amen. As a Gentile, you just have no promises in the things of God. But God made you a child of Abraham through your faith through Jesus Christ. Amen. So he made you and connected you back to Abraham. And Paul immediately is going to do this and he's going to say for the word of God is a discerner. Now if you're a studyer of the Bible, you know in Genesis in the 17th chapter that Abraham meets the Lord God Almighty. Amen. And then immediately after meeting the Lord God Almighty, Amen. he gets a name change and he moves from Abram to Abraham. And God positions him. But but the one after just a couple of days later, there's one that appears to him that when three men start walking to Abraham, he looks at him and he says, "My Lord." And the scripture says that Abraham spoke to those three and called them my Lord. Amen. That's a great revelation in itself that he could see three different manifestations and still know there was just one Lord. Amen. Now, Lot didn't have that same revelation because when he seen two come down to Sodom, he said, "My lords," Amen. Not understanding the effect of the revelation that there is just one God. Amen. And when God appears, it's it's always as Abraham said to him, "My Lord." Amen. Now, was Abraham vindicated and calling him God? This was a man. Hebrews 7 says, "Look at how great this man was that Abraham paid tied to." So it wasn't just a a figment of imagination. It's a man that Abraham met. He was dusty in his clothes. He was tired. He got his feet washed. He ate calf and drank milk. So he was an actual man. But Abraham called him Lord. Now now and when he begin a discussion with him immediately Abraham speaking to this one has just had a name change. And this man talking to Abraham acknowledges him not under Abram but under Abraham. &gt;&gt; He calls him Abraham. He knows he has a wife and calls her name Sarah by what she had all it's been changed. But this man knows it. He knows the miracle of they're supposed to have a child in their old age. He knows the promises. He knows their name. Amen. He understands their positions. And when he begins to talk to them, the Bible says that Sarah, Genesis 18, that Sarah be in her heart to laugh at the man talking and said, "Amen. How could I have a child being that I'm in an old age? How could I have pleasure with my Lord? And the angel talking to Abraham said to him, "Why is Sarah laughing?" Now, the Bible says that Sarah was in the tent that was behind the man. And yet, he knew what was going on in her heart because the mystery behind it is it was the word. It was God that had come down and talked to Abraham. But being that Jesus had not yet been born a virgin birth, God put he actually created himself a dust body and stepped into that dust body and came down and manifested himself unto Abraham. Now, now Jesus, Amen, specifically manif uh uh manifest that same promise when he comes. How many realizes that's how Jesus made himself known as the Messiah? &gt;&gt; He started his public ministry with the woman at the well. How many knows he did it? Amen. That's how he let them know, "I'm the Messiah." That was his that was his uh uh driver's license, saying, "I'm the Messiah." Because God did that in Abraham's day to create a sign so that when Jesus came, he would be identified as the word, not just as a man. He would be the word. And the Bible said in the beginning was the word and the word was with God. And the 14th verse said the word had became flesh. So Jesus wasn't just the son of Mary and Joseph. He was the eternal word coming into a human body. And when he come into his ministry, he could prove to them who he was. And he proved to him through the same sign that Abraham had received. And what had Abraham received? He received a sign before the burning of Sodom. &gt;&gt; Y'all know that's the truth. Before the burning of Sodom. And the scriptures predict that this world is going to burn with fervor and heat. Amen. And before this world could end, would God not have to show uh some mercy unto this world? Look what he did back there when when Jesus came, he reflected back to Abraham. Now Abraham had seen many things, had heard many voices, but the sign that Abraham saw was the last sign to the Gentile before destruction. And the church of the living God of course receives the same sign. Now, Jesus when he was on the earth, if you've not ever studied these things, I'll give you some scripture reference in John chapter 1, you'll find in verse 45 down to verse 49 is a is a section when he's calling disciples to himself. And the Bible talks about a man named Philillip, one of his disciples. He goes to his buddy Nathaniel who's down there under a fig tree. And he goes down and can you imagine now they've been waiting for a Messiah ever since they become prophecies in Genesis chapter 3. They've been waiting for a savior and that savior would be a messiah and that savior would be a priest and that savior would be a king and they're looking for this great one to come and Moses himself said he would be a prophet like him and they've been waiting for this for years and here comes your buddy running down David Paul just like maybe Jared of Wesley come running to you and say we have found him of whom Moses has prophesied amen and all of a sudden amen Nathaniel's like oh wait a minute now amen where's is this guy from? He said, "Well, from Nazareth," he said, "Is there any good thing that comes out of Nazareth?" But the Bible had prophesied he would be a Nazarene. Amen. Amen. But yet, he says, "Now, what you need to do, Nathaniel, is just come and see. Won't you just come and look and and come and and and view what it is, amen, that these people are talking about?" And when Nathaniel got down to Jesus. And I love how Brother Bram says he said Jesus was just holding a prayer line like was his custom. And when he come down, he saw him coming. he wouldn't have been dressed any different than anybody else was dressed. And he looked upon him and he said, "Here comes an Israelite in whom there is no G." And when he heard this, Nathaniel said to him, "Amen, Rabbi, when did you know me?" He said, "I knew you before Philip talked to you under that fig tree." And and Nathaniel seeing that sign said, "Rabbi, thou art the son of God. Thou art the king of Israel. My goodness. Amen. When he saw that sign, he knew that was the Messiah in the flesh. What about in John 4? The woman in the Samaritan that was at the well. She was a ill-famed woman. And and the Bible says that Jesus was on his way and went by Samaria. Now, that's why he's the good Samaritan, right? He went out of his way to the well of Samaria. Went around. He didn't have to go that way, but he took a he took a long way around because he had a need to go down to buy Samaria. The Bible says he had a need down there. Amen. And there was a seed down there. Now, she was a little illfamed woman and she was coming to the well. Amen. Not when the other uh virgins came because she couldn't come when they came because her lifestyle had cut her out of the crowd and nobody would fellowship with her. Pharisees couldn't help her. The people couldn't help her. Nobody could fellowship with her. But when she got down there, there set a man on the side of the whale and begin to talk to her. Him was a Jew and she was a Samaritan and they had no inner relationships because they didn't believe the same thing. You know, being a Samaritan, they had the first four books of the Bible. Y'all know that they had the laws of they had the first four books, but they didn't have the prophets after Moses. So, they didn't agree on places of worship and how to be worshiped, where it was, and they didn't have all those other books. Amen. But they did have the principle that there was coming a Messiah who would be a prophet. And when they got to talking, amen, he said to her, said, "A woman, give me a drink." She said, "Well, you ain't got nothing to draw or give me a drink." She said, "Well, you're a a Jew asking me a Samaritan for a drink." And he said, "Well, if you knew who I was, &gt;&gt; you'd ask me for a drink." She said, "Now you ain't got nothing to draw with." He said, "Oh, that's right." He said, "Didn't you go get your husband?" He had something, didn't he? Go get your husband. Amen. and and and and she said, "I don't have one." He said, "That's right. That's right. You've had five, but the one you got right now is not your husband." &gt;&gt; And when she he said that, she said, "Sir, I perceive thou art a prophet." And then they start discussing a little bit of of of religion. And and all of a sudden, the woman saith unto him, I know that when the Messiah cometh, he will tell us these things. Amen. And you know what Jesus said unto her? I am he that speaketh unto you. He was the prophet and he was the Messiah, making him a prophet, a priest, and a king all in one person. My goodness, what a reality. You say, "Well, preacher, Amen. Now, now you you you that gets real deep. I don't have time to get to be a Bible study tonight, but I'll say this to you. That was a Jew and a Samaritan, but he never did that for a Gentile." Just put that in your mind. And remember, Jesus never done that to a Gentile because Gentiles wasn't expecting a Messiah in that time. You didn't start expecting a Messiah until Apostle Paul began to preach unto the Gentiles, the revelation that God was going to send a Messiah. So, how could he have fulfilled that prophecy of Luke 17 among the Jews and the Samaritans? It was a prophecy of what he would do among the Gentiles &gt;&gt; in the last days. Now you you know Jesus was the word. In Matthew 9 it records, amen, that he was able to discern the thoughts of the scribes. Matthew 9 and4 said, "Amen. Wherefore think ye evil in your hearts?" He knew the very thoughts they were thinking. Amen. When the Pharisees asked him about his taxes, is it right we pay fair Pharisee uh uh to Caesar? Jesus, the Bible said Matthew 28:2 and 18, he perceived their wickedness. Amen. In Luke chapter 6, we know there was a man showed up on the Sabbath with a withered hand. Amen. And they begin to tempt the Lord because they wondered about him healing on a Sabbath. Amen. And after a little while, the Lord said, "I'll ask you one thing. Is it lawful on the Sabbath day to do good or evil, to save a life or destroy?" And looking around upon them, he said, "Stretch forth thine hand." And he did, and his hand was restored. He understood the thought that they were thinking. In Luke chapter 7, the Bible tells us, amen, that he perceived a woman that washed his feet. He knew exactly what her sin was, but he knew what Simon was thinking in his heart while the woman was washing his feet because he was a discerner of the thought and the intents of the heart. When the disciples themselves were disputing among themselves who was the greatest, in Luke 9 and 47, Jesus perceived their thoughts at the pool of Bethesda. He healed a man that was 38 years. And Jesus said to him, "You've been a long time in this problem." Jesus knew how long he had been in the problem and met him at the tabernacle a little while later and told him to go and sin no more. He knew his disease. He knew how long he had had it. And he knew what sins he had committed because he was the word of God. Amen. The crowd that were seeking after a sign. Amen. There's example after example. But it was our Lord Jesus that spoke unto them in the Bible and told them, "You seek after a sign, but there'll be no sign given unto us adulterous and wicked generation other than the sign of Jonas, who was three days in the belly of a whale." And then he walked out into Nineveh. Amen. And they repented at his preaching. &gt;&gt; But I say to you, a greater than Jonas has appeared unto you in this age. Listen, this is a wicked and adulterous generation. And what sign will they get? They will get a sign that Jesus Christ is not in a tomb in Jerusalem. He's not in a grave somewhere's in the desert in the Middle of East. But Jesus rose on the third day. And he's just as alive tonight as when he walked on the shores of Galilee. He is the immortal, eternal, almighty God. And he raised from the dead forever more. Now, I I I propose to you tonight that he's alive. He's just as alive tonight as he ever was. Glory to God. I've been to the tomb in Jerusalem. I tell you, he ain't there. &gt;&gt; He ain't in that tomb in Jerusalem. &gt;&gt; But he raised up and he's upon the throne of God. &gt;&gt; Now, I I say this tonight, folks. We have examples. If you are a a sincere Bible Christian and you are sincere before God, there are over 8300 examples on magnetic recording sir &gt;&gt; of this exact sign done in our generation to prove to us he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. If I was going to take you to court tonight and I was going to make you prove that Jesus is alive, what kind of evidence could you bring? If you would disclude William Brandham's ministry, you would be far-fetched to try to prove it. You would be a dark and dismal day. But if you would allow me to present the case that he's alive and use William Brandon's ministry to do so, I have infallible proofs here tonight. I don't have a nail. I don't have a piece of the cross. I have a manifestation of the word of God in this generation. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is an everpresent God. It's just as real tonight as he ever was real. &gt;&gt; He's not another God. He's the same God. &gt;&gt; We have over 8,300 examples that it's the truth. Now, you've seen the videos here tonight. I don't know who made them, but thank God they had them. Now, now I can I can show you biblically that this Bible says in Malachi chapter 4 that I God will send unto you Elijah before the prophet the great and dreadful day of the Lord. &gt;&gt; And he'll turn the heart of the father to the children and the heart of the children to the father lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Now, now some people don't really maybe understand that, but scripturally now &gt;&gt; this spirit of Elijah will come five times. &gt;&gt; Now, there's no argument in that. I can show it to you. If you can read, you can see it. &gt;&gt; Amen. It'll come five times. Now, where it takes a revelation is to understand who fulfills that. &gt;&gt; We know we know Elijah did the first one. &gt;&gt; And we know Elisha had the spirit, the second one. And we know John the Baptist, even according to Jesus, he had the spirit of Elias. Amen. And John the Baptist fulfilled it. So it was a man with the same spirit that Elijah had. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now I propose to you that this man William Brandom had the same spirit on him that those prophets had back there. So well brother Wayne there's no such a thing as prophets. Well the devil done lied to you. &gt;&gt; He done he done took away Listen, this Bible said that God could reveal nothing until first he sends a prophet. &gt;&gt; Do you think God would let the end of the world come and not send a prophet to warn this generation? He would be an unjust god &gt;&gt; to not give this generation the same opportunity that he gave other generations. That's why Jesus says, "As it was in the days of Noah, &gt;&gt; so shall it be in the coming of the son of man." That's prophet. Amen. As it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be in the coming of the son of man. Now, these are powerful scriptures. But Jesus hid something, didn't he? Because you got the days of Lot. That's the burning of Sodom. But what about Abraham on the mountain with Elohim? There's the secret. We've got Noah in the flood in judgment. But what about Enoch that walked off of the earth just before the judgment struck? There's the secret. I tell you, if there's a judgment, there's a secret of a rapture leaning there where God is still going to be merciful. &gt;&gt; Man, you can let some denomination rob you from the great blessing of a prophetic word in this age. Amen. But I'm going to bypass the tribulation. Amen. And I'm not going to let no denominational system rob me. &gt;&gt; When the Bible said in Luke 17, even the day when the son of man is revealed in Revelations 10, my Bible says, "In the days of the voice of the seventh angel, he shall begin to sound and the mystery of God shall be finished." &gt;&gt; I know you're not supposed to take off a jacket in a in a tent meeting because your li will get cold and get a horse vote, but I'm gonna go on and try it. Now, the mystery of God would be finished. In Revelations 10 and 7, it says the seventh angel. Now, that that's mysterious, isn't it? A seventh angel. &gt;&gt; But if you go to Revelations 1 and 16, it'll get a little more mysterious because the Bible says that the Lord shows in his in his great uh in his great demonstration and vision that he had in his right hand seven stars, and out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword, and his countenance was the son's shinth and strength. But if you'll just read the 20th verse, it loses its mystery. He said, "For the mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest is the seven candlesticks or the the mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest and the seven golden candlesticks." The seven stars are the seven angels of the churches. And the seven candlesticks are those which are the seven church ages. In Revelation chapter 3, the Bible speaks of allow to see an age that is a seventh age. And there is an angel under the seventh age, and his name is William Brandom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, since the seven thunders have opened, the symbols themselves have been removed, and they're not a mystery to us no more. &gt;&gt; Now, y'all know the book of Revelations is symbol, right? &gt;&gt; But when the symbol is removed, then it brings revelation. Revelation brings power. Amen. Now, now I I I know that that's a that's maybe difficult for some people, but I remember years ago I was preaching in a meeting over there in Norway and there was a lady in the meetings with with leukemia cancer. I'd talked to her before. She was a very weak woman. She was just about to the point of death with leukemia, but she pressed through and come to the meetings anyhow. And I was preaching on the mystery of seven stars. And I just took it for a topic. And when I got to that seven star, I said, you know, you watch this. Nobody has a problem with Paul being that first star. Amen. The whole world preaches that's Paul. Amen. And they have no problem talking about Martin Luther and the Protestant Revelation and John Wesley and his holiness movement and the Zuza Pentecost and all that. But when you say the name William Brandom, &gt;&gt; every devil in hell crawls up. Amen. And starts coming you. You say, "Preacher, why is it?" I'll tell you why it is. Because he exposed that devil for who he was. Because the world was trying to say if you join a church you get salvation. If you shake somebody's hand you get salvation. If you come to our belief there comes salvation. And William Brandham stood on the platform of every denomination. And he said there's only one way of salvation. It is through the blood of Jesus Christ the son of God. You cannot replace Jesus with religion. You can't replace him with church energy or social events. It'll be a personal relationship with him. Amen. Jesus Christ, the son of God, is the chief cornerstone of the church. &gt;&gt; And if you try to separate him from his word, you're going to have a lot of trouble. &gt;&gt; You're gonna have a lot of trouble because he is his word. So don't say you love him and you don't like his word. &gt;&gt; Come on now. That's really where it went. They wanted religion without the word and William Brandham took it away from them and said the word is God. &gt;&gt; And you can't say you have the Holy Ghost and deny one Bible verse and walk away because God authored the Bible, the Holy Ghost authored the Bible. Then God himself is the interpreter of the Bible. &gt;&gt; The word of God is sharper and more piercing than the zerorter of the thought and testimony. Now, let me just let me just approach this as I'm as I'm moving along. I just want to I want to ask you this and and I want you to think about it. Amen. You're sitting here tonight. You tell me where William Brandham missed being the seventh angel in one place. Somebody People says to me, "Brother Wayne, prove to me that Brother Brand was that prophet." And you know what I say? I say, "You prove to me he wasn't." &gt;&gt; I've been church studying church history. Amen. For 30 years. I've read nearly every book I can get my hands on. I've listened to every great man, read every great book, and I have never seen one ministry that could stand in the same universe with the ministry of William Brandham because it wasn't William Brandham's ministry. It was the ministry of Jesus Christ that he promised in this generation. So, a bunch of heretics got around Brother Bram's ministry and they started worshiping Brother Brandham and they started making Brother Brandham in the place of the son of God. Amen. And what they done is defamed the revelation and reality of what God was doing and made the real church look like a bunch of fanatics when no man of God and no Bible teacher ever taught William Brandham should be worshiped. On the contrary, William Brandham himself said, "Don't you worship me. You would make me an antichrist. But I have come to introduce you to Jesus Christ for his second coming." Hallelujah. A vindicated word. &gt;&gt; I don't want a Baptist teaching. I don't want a Lutheran teaching. I don't want the ideas of a Roman Catholic. Give me the Bible. Give me the original word of the living God, &gt;&gt; but make it live. &gt;&gt; You don't have to throw away one scripture to believe the word. &gt;&gt; It was prophesied for my day. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You said, "Brother Wayne, what you what are you talking about?" Hebrews 4 said he's a discerner &gt;&gt; of the thought and the intents of the heart, the word. &gt;&gt; When you seen that ministry, what was Brother Brandham doing? He was proving that God is still the word. &gt;&gt; He is still the discerner. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, though Paul is doing away with the priest, he's not doing away with our priest. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now watch what he's doing in Hebrews chapter 4. Watch this 14th verse. Seeing then I love that. &gt;&gt; You catch this &gt;&gt; that we have a great high priest. &gt;&gt; Don't tell me I don't have a priest &gt;&gt; just because I won't follow the laws of Israel. Don't tell me I don't have a priest just cuz I won't call some Roman guy who's most of them child abductors and and perverts and everything else and because they put on a black suit and turn around and call her I'm supposed to call him holy father. You call him holy father if you want to. To me it come from hell. &gt;&gt; I can read it to you out of the Bible. It said it ascended out of a bottomless pit. &gt;&gt; The Bible calls it Amen. It's that woman is a and her daughter is harlots. She's not the virgin bride of this Bible. &gt;&gt; Well, it's the truth. &gt;&gt; Just because I won't follow some priest or some father or some holy denomination. Amen. I have a priest. &gt;&gt; I got one, folks. He's a great priest. He's a high priest. &gt;&gt; But he's not here in the flesh. Come on. &gt;&gt; This Jesus has passed into the heavens. It's Jesus the son of God. &gt;&gt; Now Paul's fist set in to teach something powerful &gt;&gt; because now if you if you like reading your Bibles, go back after today and study this with me. But from the time of the Mosaic law when it came in, there wasn't no such thing as priest as far as law till after Moses. And Moses put in his brother Aaron. Remember &gt;&gt; from Aaron come the tribe of Levi. And out of Levi's tribe would come all of the priests unto God. &gt;&gt; Now, God was so specific with that Levitical tribe until every priest that was born had to be born from that tribe. &gt;&gt; Now, here's the thing. The whole line was a tribe of Levi because Levi had been in the loins of Abraham when he met Mechazedc who was God's priest. Come on. &gt;&gt; Now, I want you to watch something powerful here. Because every one of them were born of the tribe of Levi. Do you know if you go back in the in the history, you'll not find that there was any of the high priest who were kings and high priest at the same time. &gt;&gt; Because the line of Judah, which was David's children, were to be the line of kings. In other words, let's put it like this. Amen. That I'm going to have sons and brother Matt's going to have sons. My sons, they could be the Levites. They could be the priests of God. His sons could be the kings to God. Amen. But they couldn't be one of my sons be both king and priest because it had to come the line of Levi and the line of Judah. Amen. So what they did is they separated the offices. Now I can prove it to you by Bible. There was a man Uzziah one time went in and tried to offer unto God as a king. He tried to become a priest and leprosy struck him. &gt;&gt; Remember that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Because he was trying to cross those two offices together and God had thoroughly separated them under the law. &gt;&gt; Now, let's watch what Paul's going to do. He's now going to offer the idea to the people that Jesus, this man you crucified, is both of the line of the priest and of king. All right. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; What an idea. &gt;&gt; Now watch this. You can see it if you watch the law. Now it's one thing. If you know an answer, you can back up in and prove it. Right? &gt;&gt; Like uh you know sometimes you start out with the answer and somebody said, "How'd you get the answer?" Well, then you got to back up in the Bible and get it. &gt;&gt; It's kind of like the message. You started out with the answer, then you just go in the Bible to prove the answer that has been given. Now watch. Because when you know that the high priest is significant because Jesus is going to be the high priest. &gt;&gt; Do you know that a high priest in the Bible was called a head priest or a great priest. &gt;&gt; He was also called a chief priest. &gt;&gt; I got all the scriptures. I'm not going to read them, but if you want them, I can give them to you. And elsewhere, he was called the priest that is anointed. Now what he done is he was anointed differently than the ordinary priest. So there would be one priest called the high priest, chief priest. He would also be called the anointed one. Amen. And he was actually had the anointing oil would be poured over the crown of his head like you were crowning him but you were doing it with anointing oil. So what he was going to do was he was going to anoint him, not put a regular crown on him, but put oil upon him, showing that the anointing would come upon him differently than the other Levites. And what he would do, an ordinary priest, of course, he was sprinkled with the with it. And he was anointed through sprinkling rather than through the designation of the pouring because it was implying a marked distinction between the anointings that would be upon them. Because see it's a type that the high priest was a type of Jesus Christ unlike other priest. He was able to atone for the sins of the people because a high priest was the only priest that could in Leviticus 16 that was the day of atonement. Amen. Which would be in the fall of the year under Yum Kapor. He would actually go into the tabernacle and he would then propitiate for the sins of the people. The high priest was the one that wore the the the actual chest covering of the uromum. He was the one that wore the matter upon his head because he become the judge of all spiritual matters. Amen. He was the one that walked into the priestly office and could atone for the sins of the people. Listen, if you didn't have a high priest, you couldn't have a day of atonement because only one man could go back there. &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness. You say, "Preacher, what are you getting at?" I'm getting it. Had to be a special man. He had to be born a special way. Do you know he couldn't be illegitimate? He could not have a blemish. There couldn't be nothing about him that was off. Amen. That's why when Paul said Jesus was a high priest, you can imagine how them Levitical law searchers was just tore right up at that idea. &gt;&gt; Illegitimate. &gt;&gt; Amen. that bastard born child of of a Roman soldier born to that young woman that had it before she was ever even married &gt;&gt; but he was calling him a high priest. He was realizing he was appointed of God. He was called of God but he was being called after a different order. Amen. This would be superior to the arionic priest. This would be he wouldn't just make an offering in the holy place. he would be able to enter in to the heavens of heavens. He wasn't just consecrated. He was consecrated by an oath that God himself made a promise. According to Hebrews, he would be holy and harmless and undefiled. My God. I'm talking about a priest that is holy. He is harmless and he's undefiled. Listen, somebody tells you you got to keep your sins, you tell them they're a liar. I got a high priest. I got one that's atoned for my sins. &gt;&gt; He was holy. He was harmless. He was undefiled. According to Hebrews, he was faithful unto him that appointed him. Now, when you keep looking at this, he was better. Amen. His sacrifices was better. His pattern was better. His offering was better. His laws were better. He was a better priest with better promises for a better result. Now, why wouldn't he? Now, he's trying to convince these people. He's selling to them, you need to trade priest. &gt;&gt; He's telling them, you need to change priest. &gt;&gt; You need to get out from under that law and get under this great high priest. &gt;&gt; My goodness. Amen. You say, "Now, now what did he do?" I can't preach the whole book of Hebrews tonight, but I'll say this. He obtained eternal redemption. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. When that old priest went in and made that blood sacrifice, he made redemption for one year. &gt;&gt; But when Jesus went into the heavens of heavens, he took his own blood, not the blood of some goat or some bull. And when he made an atonement, it was an eternal atonement of redemption. Listen to me. He was the author of eternal salvation. It's not saved one day and lost another day. It's not I'm a good guy today and I'm lost tomorrow. It's if a man ever did get saved, he is always saved because God did not author a temporary salvation. He authored eternal salvation is through the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Oh, church of the living God. &gt;&gt; No wonder Paul was trying to move him to the priesthood of Christ. Why would you want to stay under that law? Why would you want to stay in a denomination? Why would you want to go under denominational forgiveness? You can come to a priest with eternal salvation. &gt;&gt; Now, here's the thing. &gt;&gt; This priest, he was tempted in every manner according to what man is tempted. &gt;&gt; Now, here's the beauty &gt;&gt; is this. If you if you're forecasting backwards, you're seeing Melazdc in the Old Testament. When he met Abraham, he introduced himself as the priest of God, &gt;&gt; right? But he also said he was the king of Salem &gt;&gt; and the king of New King of Jerusalem. Amen. And he was the king of righteousness. Now watch, he then was a priest and a king. Now, brother Bram said the revelation behind it in Paul as well is that he was the word but he wasn't in a man body that was born of a woman &gt;&gt; because he was without be this is Hebrews 7 according to this man who was without beginning of days or ending of life having no mother or no father without descent in other words he didn't have any genealogy &gt;&gt; he didn't come from any line because God the bird picked up an element and went bold a body stepped into it and talked to Abraham. &gt;&gt; But when Jesus came into the earth, amen, he had to come through the womb of a woman. So God created a blood cell. Amen. And when Jesus was born, he was born like every person in this building. &gt;&gt; He was born, amen, into this world with a human body. Can you imagine? Almighty God had to have his diapers changed. &gt;&gt; Come on. Almighty God had to have a bottle. He had to be warmed. He had to be cared for. &gt;&gt; Come on. You Somebody said to me one time, "Well, he became God." Amen. Down there. Well, I I I think you need to go back with your theology &gt;&gt; because the Bible said the word became flesh. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. Amen. you. People get this mixed up. They think that a man become God. Oh, no. That's real wrong. It was God became man. Amen. He was God before he was ever a man and he got into the human body and he was born that he might redeem us. Now watch what happened. And he was tempted in every might man. That's why listen to me folks. When you get saved, I want you to know temptation is not sin. And you get a good legalist as a pastor and he'll keep you under so much condemnation that you can't even have any faith because every man knows other men are tempted with many things. But Paul said that our Lord Jesus was tempted but he did it without sin. &gt;&gt; I know you never believe this but Jesus Christ was tempted with sexual sin. &gt;&gt; Come on. He was tempted with smoking. &gt;&gt; Amen. You don't think when he walked by that bar, amen, that spirit didn't say to him, "You are to go on in there and enjoy the evening with them people." &gt;&gt; He was tempted in every like manner of man. That's why he was a great high priest. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. How could God himself ever feel all that? But if God took a human body, it was the perfect order. It was the perfect thing. the God of heaven and a fleshborn body and put them together. He would be the king of kings and he would be the priest of all priests. &gt;&gt; My goodness. &gt;&gt; He was tempted in every like manner. &gt;&gt; Somebody said, "Well, brother Wayne, I got the Holy Ghost." Now, I'm preaching, &gt;&gt; "Brother Wayne, I got the Holy Ghost, but I I tell you what, I had a lot of troubles. I I maybe I didn't get the Holy Ghost cuz I got this temptation. I got that temptation." Let me tell you something brother Ram said about it. He said if you come to the altar and receive the Holy Ghost and you go away and ain't tempted. He said you didn't get it. Go back and try again. &gt;&gt; He said if you wasn't tempted then you didn't get the right thing. Because when Jesus had the spirit anoint him he went immediately into the desert and was tempted of 40 days where he overcame that devil. and he overcame and so can you overcome. Amen. Because the overcomer is in the inside. He's not just a priest. He's God. &gt;&gt; I love it. I I I wish I I I need to take some some uh Hebrew lessons because this these Hebrew words are beautiful. But the title of distinction of high priest was known as the anointed priest. And and it gives you two uh Hebrew words. I'm not going to tempt them. But it literally means the Messiah priest. &gt;&gt; Paul was letting them know &gt;&gt; that my high priest, &gt;&gt; he's the Messiah priest. &gt;&gt; He's the one the whole world's been waiting on. &gt;&gt; He's the one we've been waiting on since the book of Genesis. &gt;&gt; He's the one Isaac said, "Where is the lamb?" John answered it in the river and said, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." &gt;&gt; He was also called the Messiah prince. &gt;&gt; From the book of Daniel, he was the anointed Messiah prince. He is the messianic priest. He's the one, meaning the anointed one. I know we preach on the anointed ones of the end time. What about the anointed one? &gt;&gt; The one anointed to take away sin. The one the anointed to deliver the children. The one anointed to be the king and the priest over the children of God. I'll tell you this, Jesus Christ fulfills all things of prophet, priest, and king. &gt;&gt; He was anointed. Well, the Bible said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me. He hath anointed me to preach the gospel." In Acts chapter 10 and verse 38, God anointed Jesus with the Holy Ghost and with power. He was not put a crown upon him, but he was anointed. Prophets were anointed to prophesy the word. Kings were anointed to rule and priests were anointed to mediate. And Jesus had the anointing of all three. Amen. He was the Lord. Amen. Because the Bible swore that he would have a priest forever after the order of Melkazdc. He was that priest they were looking for. Amen. He was that priest. said, "I I don't have time to preach it, but you preachers go I won't throw this in for you, but in the book of Zechariah, he's the priest that one day God told Zachchariah, he said he said, "Go get priest Jo uh Joshua, which means Jehovah Savior, and bring him in here, and I want you to make two crowns and put them on his head. Make one of silver." and he crowned a high priest with two crowns and then took them off of his head and placed him in the temple as a memorial that someday there's coming a priest that's going to be also he's going to be the king. And the Bible prophesied that the priest shall set upon the throne to rule. No wonder Revelations 19 said when Jesus come from the heavens of heaven, he would be riding a white horse and he would be crowned with many crowns. He'll be the prophet, the priest, the king. He's Jehovah God. &gt;&gt; He is the king of all kings. He's the priest of all priests. There is nobody like Jesus. &gt;&gt; They say, "Well, you lift him up too high. It's not possible. He's got a name above every name. &gt;&gt; You're you're combining now under Jesus Christ. The major work of course of him was the atoning of the blood. Now, if you're a Now, I'm I'm sorry. I'm just this guy. I got questions, man. When I start studying scripture, I'm going to ask questions. I'm going to ask if there was a high priest, how many was they? How many? And and you know, it's beautiful. I'm glad for Josephus and historians that kept up with it. But there actually was about 83 high priests from the time of Aaron to the destruction of the temple in AD70. There was 83 of them that were anointed. There was 83 of them that anointed the and propituated for sin. There was 83 of them men that lived their lives. But let me say this, there wasn't none of them like Jesus. &gt;&gt; There was 83 of them. But Jesus was the last and the final of those high priest line because he mixed together the line of Judah with the line of Levi. &gt;&gt; Now Paul is going to say that he's a high priest that can be touched by the feelings of the infirmities. Now here's the thing folks. What good is it to have this priest? What good is it to have this God if he is untouchable? If he is unreachable? If you can't touch him? If you can't talk to him, if you can't minister with him, what good is it to do? Now, when brother Brandham preaches this, and I I would say Hebrews 4:12 and Hebrews 4 and and and and 15 are some of the most preached of of of of things he proves. But, you know, in every time uh we can go to the scripture, let's go to Mark chapter 5. There's three places in the Bible that it tells a story of a woman approaching Jesus as a priest. In Mark chapter 5, the Bible says in the 25th verse, "And there was a certain woman which had an issue of blood for 12 years. And she had suffered many things for because of the physicians and had spent all that she had. And nothing was bettered, but she grew worse." Now, here's the thing. This woman, Amen, been sick for 12 years, folks. &gt;&gt; And she had suffered many things of physicians. Now, anybody ever been sick a long time? You know that if you can't get a doctor to tell you what to do, do you know there's some quack somewhere that'll take your money? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; If you insist on being sick, there's some I told the church the other day, there's some homogenic, but I called it hallucenic. And I decided the only way it be hallucenic if you start smoking the herbs, you know. And then it don't be smoking the herbs. Come on. &gt;&gt; You You know what happens is is somebody somebody gets sick and then there's somebody that will offer you a remedy for your sickness. And this woman had been subject to many kinds of ideas because the Bible says by the time she's here 12 years in that she suffered many things of physicians and she ain't got any money left. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; But her condition has gotten worse rather than better. Now, now, amen. I I'm, if you go into the records of the Tamud, Amen, they actually speak of the issue of blood, which was what was wrong with this woman. And they they would have mixtures and they would actually one of the one of the cures was they would mix ashes with ostrich eggs and wine. One of them was they would carry certain herb like an onion or loom and they'd tie it in a cloth as a charm and carry it around with. Can you imagine Israelites carrying charms for healing? Amen. Carrying little little crystals, you know, and little rocks and burning little incenses and things. A Christian, &gt;&gt; somebody believes in one God is turning to that kind of thing for the healing of their bodies. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now it's a it's superstitious. Some of them would sit in the crossroad with a glass of wine and have somebody frighten them believing that it would frighten the the problem away from them. 12 years of an issue of blood. Amen. Means that a woman was bleeding consistently for 12 years. Amen. And and now the cost was big. Amen. And they they actually gave them I I took some direct uh I took some direct recipes out of their books. Amen. That you take the gum of Alexandria and aluminum of crocs and weight of zuks each and let them be brushed together and given in wine. And then there was some superstitious charms and things that you would go with them. Amen. It gives you idea that this woman had went through many different kinds of medical practices and still she was just as sick as she ever was. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now the the the scripture says financially ruined and weak. That's what she was. But the Bible is telling us and I just want to read from Mark because Mark actually gives us a little more in-depth reading. Amen. But it says here that that she had spent all she had and was nothing bettered but grew worse. But when she heard of Jesus, &gt;&gt; Amen. She came in the press behind and touched his garment. Now, here's a woman 12 years in this sickness. And brother Bam describes her table was full of doctor's bills. She was without a hope. She had tried everything. She'd been turned down everywhere. She spent all of her money. Amen. And the Bible says, "But she heard of Jesus." &gt;&gt; I tell you this. Amen. I remember when I heard of Jesus. &gt;&gt; I mean, really heard of Jesus. Amen. Do you know my Bible said that's where faith comes from? That faith comes from the hearing of the word of God. Look, faith is not going to come, Amen, by watching television or or searching Facebook or or ramping up your social media. That's not where faith comes. Faith comes by the preaching of the word of God. Can I can I just help you a moment? If you find yourself sick and you find yourself without faith, if you have no faith, God has set things that everything that he has comes through faith. So if you don't have faith, you say, "Where can I get some?" &gt;&gt; Amen. It's not healing you're looking for. It's not salvation you're looking for. You're looking for faith. Because if you can get faith, then you can get healing. Then you can get salvation. And faith cometh by the hearing of the word of God. &gt;&gt; So when you begin to hear the word of God, it begins to bring a reality to God. It begins to bring substance into things that you have hoped for. There is something here tonight I'm more sure of than I ever have been in my life of anything. Faith is the victory for the church of the living God. If you can ever get faith, you can get a victory over whatever it is that is troubling your life. Now, this woman, Amen, she had heard of Jesus. Now, have you ever wondered what it was she might have heard? &gt;&gt; Now, what what has a woman in this condition heard that's got her this stirred up &gt;&gt; that she won't be stopped? She can't be settled down. She's all stirred up believing she's going to get a healing. Well, according to scripture, there is things that had happened before she had ever met Jesus. This is some of the stuff she heard in Mark chapter 1. She had heard about a leper, amen, that came to Jesus kneeling to him and saying, "Lord, if thou wil, you can make me clean." &gt;&gt; And the Bible said Jesus moved with compassion, put his hand upon him, and saith unto him, I will be thou made clean. And he spoke and immediately leprosy had departed him. And then Jesus said unto him, "Go show yourself to the priest and have an offering made for your leprosy." Do y'all know that leprosy had no cure? &gt;&gt; How many knows there's only one place in Bible leprosy was healed of was the Old Testament. Amen. When Elijah healed, Amen. the leprosy in the Old Testament. And from that day all the way to Jesus, there had been no healing of leprosy. And one moment in the presence of this man Jesus and leprosy was healed when he touched that leper. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now you you think you think they kept that quiet? &gt;&gt; Do you think that leper got healed and he kept that quiet? The Bible says it like this. He went out and began to publish it much more. And he began to blaze it abroad in so much that Jesus could no more openly enter the city but without in the deserts. And they came to him from every quarter. He got so popular because of the healing of that leprosy. They couldn't even let him come in the city no more. &gt;&gt; That's a popular preacher, folks. Come on now. I know we got some of these end time preachers got jealousy all over them. And if you know if a man gets known a little bit, they oh they all they can preach about is the big preacher, you know. Well, I tell you what, there's a lot of men that couldn't never went and heard Jesus &gt;&gt; cuz he was so popular. Amen. That the city, he couldn't even walk out in public among them. &gt;&gt; Well, it's free. You don't have to believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. The leper, amen, that was full of prophet uh pull before of this. God began to speak of him and the leprosy was vanished. Do you see this was a cure that only God could do? There was a man with an unclean spirit while Jesus was preaching in the Sabbath. He was preaching in there and he was they was astonished at his doctrine. And while he was preaching, he discerned an unclean spirit. And when he began to preach, he said unto him that he rebuked the spirit and said, "Come out of him." And Amen. And the Bible said the unclean spirit left the man and he cried aloud and came out. Now they were all amazed. What kind of doctrine is this that has this kind of authority? Amen. Immediately the Bible says, "His fame spread abroad throughout the region round about Galilee." So the touch of him cleaned the leper. The voice of him, Amen, spoke and cleaned the spirit of the unclean. There was a widow coming out. Only son she had. They're packing him in the funeral. Amen. And as they pack him along, they come by Jesus. Amen. And Jesus never goes to a funeral, folks, because nobody stays dead. And when Jesus just spoke to the child and told him to get up and immediately the child was resurrected and went home with his mama, the Bible said, "And the rumor of him went throughout all of the region." This is some of the things this woman was hearing. She just heard about a sinful woman that was a harlot that had just went and got a box of alabaster and went down to Jesus and found him not being worshiped. And she began to pour that anointing oil out upon Jesus. Do you know the Bible tells us something? It tells us that this woman was of an ill fame. Amen. And she went actually behind Jesus. Amen. And washed his feet behind him instead of in front of him. I wonder why. &gt;&gt; I wonder if she wasn't a little ashamed of who she was and what life she had. But that woman that was washing Jesus's feet had heard from another woman that had been caught in adultery that they had brought her and put her at the feet of Jesus. And this little woman had been told of Jesus, "Now look lady, I know you done wrong. And these Pharisees are here to bomb you. They want to stone you." And Jesus looked at all of them and said this. He said, "Look." He said, "Now, now you that ain't got a a sin in you, I want you to cast the first stone." And they all dropped their stones and they went home. And Jesus looks at the woman and he said, "Neither do I accuse thee. Go and sin no more." And this woman left the feet of Jesus, ran down to the house of the ill fame and begin to say, "If you ever get a chance, &gt;&gt; if you ever get an opportunity, you get to the feet of that man, it's where harlots, amen, get their reputation changed." [Applause] And while that little woman was washing the feet of Jesus, the Bible said that's when Simon, he said, if he knew who she was. And Jesus looks up at him knowing his thoughts. And he looks at the woman and he said,"Simon, I've been in your house and you hadn't anointed me with oil. You ain't greeted me with a kiss. You ain't welcomed me in here. But since this woman came in, all she has done is worship at my feet." And he says to her,"Woman, thy sins be forgiven thee." &gt;&gt; There's a great mystery. I won't preach all night, folks, but there's a great mystery laying there. That woman had an awful reputation. &gt;&gt; But that bunch of preachers and Pharisees were trying to make Jesus look like a fanatic. &gt;&gt; And that woman ruined their plan &gt;&gt; because everybody had come under the influence. Oh, that man's just a pro. God don't Hey, God don't have prophets. See, they believed he was a healer but not a prophet. He couldn't forgive sins. Right? That was in that day. Amen. And but yet this woman believed that Jesus was still a prophet. She believed he was the Messiah. So what she done by washing his feet is she cleaned up the reputation of him saying he is the Messiah. This is the right one. He is the fulfillment of scriptures. But brother, while she started washing his feet, she took his reputation on her &gt;&gt; in so much that Jesus said, "Anytime you preach the gospel, you tell this story." &gt;&gt; I've often thought about that. Can you imagine this bunch of starchy people in the last days? They got to read about that in the middle of the starchy churches. Amen. And Jesus made it so this woman would condemn every person that ever heard the gospel that didn't worship Jesus Christ. That's the kind of thing this woman had begun to hear. She had began to hear about it. And you say, "Preacher, why does that make a difference?" I left my subject. Why does that make a difference? Because every one of them people was unclean. &gt;&gt; That leper was unclean. That harlot was unclean. Amen. Every one of them that I just read about was unclean. And they touched Jesus. &gt;&gt; It was forbidden for a high priest to touch an unclean person and remain clean himself. &gt;&gt; But this little woman &gt;&gt; that had an issue of blood &gt;&gt; had heard of them. and she heard he was passing by because somebody, amen, had told her that Gerus's daughter is dying and they have sought the rabbi and he's going to come right by your neighborhood. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now you you that like to really read in the scripture, what's going on is Jesus is coming for the resurrection. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And while he's on his way to the resurrection, he is demonstrating that he's the high priest. Come on. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about a second coming. Now &gt;&gt; he's coming. He There's a resurrection coming. But on his way to the resurrection, he's going to prove to this Leodysian church. And he's still the same high priest that can be touched by the feeling of infirmities. And look what happens. This woman being unclean as she is because she's bleeding. It's an unclean. I I got the scriptures if you need them. She's she's completely unclean. And this woman, knowing she has no right to touch him, sees him passing by. Now, here's the thing, folks. Amen. Everybody's around. This is a big crowd. This is pressing there. That she can't just have a moment with him by herself. But because of the way things is, I This is just my thought because she says the Bible says she come from behind. I bet she might have copied that from that other woman. If I could just sneak up, I could just sneak in. And watch what she did. She said, "If I could just touch the hymn." &gt;&gt; Now, if you if you're a if you're a student of scripture, Jesus's robe would have had fringe upon the corners of it, which in the Old Testament was a requirement that they wore a border on their garment and it would have a blue wrapped in the needle work. Now, I got pictures and everything, but let me just just trust me. It was there and they was a hung off. Now, Jesus would have wore a robe over his clothes. It would be like a like a robe all the way down and off of that robe would have hung that border. Amen. So this woman believed that she could slip in there with such a crowd and she could get a hold of that garment and he wouldn't never know that she had been touching him. But she knew there was healing in this man. I'm not worthy. See, I'm not worthy that he would know about me, but I need him so bad. I' I'm 12 years in my problem and I I if I could just if I could just if I could just touch it now now look folks here here here's something powerful because what that border represents is the covenant of Abraham &gt;&gt; and in that border is the law of Moses &gt;&gt; you know brother forest I remember many years ago you preached on that broaden of border and the felactories that were increased Amen. And you went back there with David. I never will forget it. And and you talked about how David snuck into Saul. And what what he did is is they said to David, "You should kill Saul." Amen. And David said, "No, I can't touch the Lord's anointed." So he cut off the the hymn. &gt;&gt; He cut off the border. Amen. And he went out there the next morning and held it up and said, in other words, Saul, had it not been for this law that I can't touch God's anointing, there was the reason he couldn't kill Saul, hold it in his hand. It was a memory. &gt;&gt; And that woman was looking at a memorial that the unclean can't touch a high priest. But what she did is she saw Jesus as more &gt;&gt; than just a Levitical high priest. She saw him in a higher level. She began to realize this is the one. &gt;&gt; This is the priest that's going to mingle the offices. God has come down among us. And she reached out and and she reached out and she touched that hymn. Now, I want you to watch something. She's 12 years, folks. &gt;&gt; How many How many ever been sick? &gt;&gt; How many ever been sick? You &gt;&gt; ever been sick a long time? 12 years is 4,383 days. &gt;&gt; 4,000 days. It's 105,000 hours. 6,000 or 6,311 520 minutes. &gt;&gt; Have you ever took an ibuprofen and waited 30 minutes for it to kick in? &gt;&gt; That is a long 30 minutes. &gt;&gt; Have you ever been in severe pain? &gt;&gt; Have you ever had real pain &gt;&gt; and somebody gave you some medication and and and and they and you say, "Give me some medication." They say they say, "Well, we gave it to you." And and and that 30 minute span, you know how long that 30 minutes is? &gt;&gt; That 30 minutes was 6,311 minutes for that woman. &gt;&gt; She had been sick a long time, brother. and and her sickness had not only made her sick, but it made her unclean where she couldn't go into the presence of God. &gt;&gt; But in that border, she began to realize right here it is. Here's the end of 12 years. Here's the end of my problems. Here's the end of my struggles. Finally, brother Joe. Finally. &gt;&gt; Finally, there's a priest that me being unclean will not defile him. Let me say this to you tonight. The most unclean person in here could never defile Jesus Christ. He can take unclean and he can make you clean. I don't care what your trouble is tonight. I don't care how big of a sinner you are tonight, what struggles you've had in life. He's a high priest. that you cannot defile him. If you would touch him, he makes you clean. &gt;&gt; Huh? &gt;&gt; 12 years. 12 years, brother. But in one moment, &gt;&gt; in one moment in his presence, listen, you see how important it is tonight that if you could just touch him, 12 years, in one moment is ended. You said, "Brother Wayne, you know, we know we know healings take a long time." Not always. &gt;&gt; Not always. &gt;&gt; Jesus prayed for Peter's mother-in-law. She had a fever and the Bible said she got up from the bed and went in and started cooking for him &gt;&gt; because she was immediately healed. There was a paralyzed man and some friends had him and there was a meeting that they couldn't get into. And brother, they thought, if we could just get this man, if we could just get our friend in the presence of Jesus, and the Bible said they tore the roof off of the building to get the presence of God upon their friend. Let me tell you tonight, brother. Amen. If it takes tearing this tin up, we ought to get in the presence of God. If it takes shouting the cheers down, we ought to get in the presence of God. If it takes setting aside all the indifferences to get in the presence of God because one moment in the presence of God could change any person in this building. It doesn't matter what your past is. It doesn't matter what your lineage is. He is Jesus Christ the great and the mighty high priest. You ask that paraple that paralyzed man when he walked in there immediately the Bible said he rose up took up his bed and he walked off. &gt;&gt; There were two blind men in Jericho and Jesus touched their eyes. &gt;&gt; And immediately they were healed. &gt;&gt; There was a deaf and a mute man that Jesus pulled him aside and the Bible said the Lord put his fingers in his ears. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Then he spit on the ground. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine? &gt;&gt; And then he says, "Stick out your tongue." &gt;&gt; And he touched the man's tongue. And in the in Arabic, he said, he said, "Open." And what he did, the Bible said the man's ears opened up and he could hear. The strain was loose from his tongue and he could speak an immediate response to the commanding power of Almighty God. Because the one doing the commanding was the same one that created the body. Amen. He's the one right here tonight. A woman, a woman in the Bible was bent over. The Bible said for 18 years &gt;&gt; and Jesus touched her &gt;&gt; and immediately &gt;&gt; she was strengthened. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Wayne, that's just Bible stories. Well, sits right there. Brother Dave Syler was down in Central America just a few years ago and a old preacher come through the prayer line at 25 years his back had just gotten like this. I just asked him to be sure I was telling the truth. He said, "Brother Wayne," he was bent over like this and he come through the prayer line. He said, "And I watched him as he started walking." He said, "By the time he got to the end of the prayer line, he just straightened right up and just walked right off because Jesus Christ is the same." yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. You don't have to wait a hundred years. He's a God and he's a healer in this building tonight. He's a creator. He's the almighty God. &gt;&gt; No, I'm talking about Jesus. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about a mighty God. &gt;&gt; Can go. It can go years, brethren. It can go years. I'm just sitting here tonight. We're blessed tonight to have some folks all the way up from Louisiana here. Brother Brother Mike War and his sister Ra Rachel, his wife sitting there, his daughters in our our church back home, Sister Kimberly, you know, years ago, I went down to brother brother Tim Puit and preached a meeting on a Wednesday night have mercy. It's a Wednesday night prayer meeting. Amen. And we preached a little while and I ended up on the 11th hour. People get the same pay as the first hour people does. Amen. Brother Tim called a prayer line. Amen. We prayed till the 11th hour. Amen. It was a late prayer line that night and their daughter came in that prayer line. Sister Kimberly come up there and said, "Brother Wayne, I am desiring of my brother Justin that he would get saved." &gt;&gt; And and we and we prayed an earnest prayer knowing the Bible makes a promise concerning these things that if thou believe upon the Lord Jesus Christ, thy and thy house shall be saved. And we begin to pray. Well, you know what? We the prayer line just kept going a little while. Amen. And after about a half hour, amen, I hear the awful bunch of shouting and rejoicing down there and I look over and Brother Tim taps me on the shoulder and he points over to the side. He said, "Brother, Wayne, you see that boy right there?" He had a messed up hair like he'd been in bed, you know? He's still mostly in his in his uh sweats and stuff like he climbed out of bed. He said, "That boy is the man you just prayed for about a half hour ago that he was going to that she wanted to see him get saved." &gt;&gt; He said, What happened right there? He says he can he can testify to you, brother. That's his daddy right there. That boy was at home in bed and he woke up. His parents wasn't home. So, he was wondering, "Why are they out so late?" So, don't you ever despise a late a late uh church meeting. &gt;&gt; Why are they out there so late? And he got to thinking, "I wonder if I've missed the rapture. Folks ain't home." So he so he looks over and the neighbor and they're they're believers and they gone and he calls somebody and they're gone. So he says, "Good Lord, I I'm missing the rapture." So he goes out and gets in his car, his truck, and and speeds to church. Amen. Amen. He's so convinced he's going to miss the rapture. Amen. He runs through a guy's fence out in the cow pastor. He messes up his transmission. Matter of fact, when he pulls up to the church parking lot, that truck never moved. They had to haul it down there with a recorder. &gt;&gt; He come in that back room and as he walked into the church, he realized the church was still going on. &gt;&gt; He said, "I ain't missed it after all. I'm going to give my life to God tonight." And he came down and give his life. He's now married and having children and a part of a good church. You know why? because he's a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of your infirmity. Who Who did Kimberly Wear touch? She didn't touch Wayne Lawson. She didn't touch Brother Brandom. She didn't touch him. She touched the high priest of our confessions. &gt;&gt; No, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I see brother Dave Hoffman sitting right back there in the back with his wife Debbie. I remember when we were just kids just got started in the ministry. A man named Joel Forny come by and it was a five-hour service. How many was in that meeting that night? &gt;&gt; It started in the morning. Amen. But it was about a five-hour service and and brother Juel had preached and the and the spirit started moving and we started having a prayer line. I was standing there with him. Amen. And all of a sudden, Sister Debbie comes up in the prayer line. She had just been started coming back to the church and and she was just getting involved and she'd come up there and remember I remember like it yesterday. She said, "Brother Wayne, we want to I want to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; Amen. And and God filled her with the Holy Ghost right there in that room. Now listen, it can happen immediate, folks. &gt;&gt; It's the greatest miracle ever happened to you is God to give you the Holy Ghost. She received the Holy Ghost, went back and sat down in her chair. And after a little while, Amen. In a minute, she showed back up in the prayer line. Amen. And she walks up and she says, talking to me and Brother Juwel, and she says, "Brothers," she said, "I, Amen, have got the Holy Ghost now." And she said, "I want to claim my family." &gt;&gt; Amen. And at that time, Amen. Her daughter, Amen, Carrie, Amen, was out in the world and she was mixed up in a situation that didn't look like she would ever get out of it. And we prayed over a prayer cloth that night. Amen. And she took that prayer cloth and put it under the pillow or under the sheets of that bed where Carrie slept every night. And after after a little while, amen, is Carrie starts throwing up at the church. She just starts coming, starts saying she don't know why, but she just felt like coming. And and I'm paraphrasing the story for speed, but I'll say this. Amen. I got to noticing her coming and coming and coming. And then one night in the middle of the night, she goes in there to make her bed or something. And when she does, she shakes it out and her and her handkerchief falls out in the floor and she don't know what that's doing there. So she calls her mama in there. What's that doing in there? Am I telling it right, David? Amen. What's that doing in there? And when her mama started telling her, Amen. She got under conviction and realized that the Holy Ghost had been dealing with her and she gave her life to Jesus Christ. And because of that night, there sets Amen. There sets some evidence right there. Let me see your hand right there. There's some evidence right there. Look right there at Anthony. There set some evidence right there. &gt;&gt; That wasn't That wasn't something that lasted five minutes. That wouldn't lasted 10 minutes. Amen. That's a salvation that is eternal. Listen, don't you look at a bunch of hypocrites to judge this message by. There are some real believers. There's some real sons or some real daughters of God that believe in the eternal salvation of Almighty God. He is the same yesterday, today and forever. Listen, let me tell you tonight that woman was touching the hem of his garment and Jesus stopped and said, "Who touched me?" &gt;&gt; And Peter said, "Lord, &gt;&gt; everybody's touching you, &gt;&gt; but not like this. &gt;&gt; Not like this. &gt;&gt; For somebody has taken virtue from me. Somebody has touched me. It wasn't her physical touch, folks. If you don't get nothing out of this, I want you to get this right here. It was not that physical touch. &gt;&gt; It was her faith &gt;&gt; that touched that high priest that could turn her situation around. Now, why is that important tonight? Because Jesus ain't here in the physical body. His body is not walking around here. His his carnal body, his corporal body is in heaven. But you sitting here tonight &gt;&gt; can touch that high priest the same as that woman did on that road that day. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. Now our Lord Jesus has sent this message among us with William Brandham a prophet to prove to this generation and he done it time and time and time again. He stood there in Africa and a crosseyed boy started up to the platform with a doctor and he got about 20 feet from the platform and his eyes comes come straight and the doctor ran up there and said to brother Brandham said what'd you do to him? What' you do to him? He's my patient. How did you fix his eyes? He said did you do h did you hypnotize the boy? He said if hypnotism heals the blind he said we ought to start practicing it. Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "But for that matter," he said, "I didn't do nothing to the boy. He was 10 feet from me when he got healed." He said, "Who did he touch?" &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Who who did that? &gt;&gt; Come on, church. Amen. Amen. As as much as I love a prophet of God, he didn't save me. &gt;&gt; I didn't touch him. &gt;&gt; I touched the God that he was introducing me to. Your relationship tonight, Jesus Christ, the son of God, is just as alive and has been proven by this message to be real. &gt;&gt; Can you sit in here tonight? You too can touch him. &gt;&gt; He never felt the physical touch, but her faith. And tonight, if you have faith, &gt;&gt; 12 years, immediately &gt;&gt; the blood dried up. 18 years bent over and her her back was healed. 38 years at a pool and he walked away holding his bed. &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm talking about a God tonight, folks. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Holy, undefiled, and unblameable. Can our musicians come tonight? &gt;&gt; He's the same high priest. &gt;&gt; And he can be touched. &gt;&gt; You can touch him. &gt;&gt; Don't forget you can touch him. Don't forget it. When you're weary and you're tired and you're out of money, don't forget you can touch him. You can get a hold of God. Y'all remember when people used to get a hold of God? &gt;&gt; Remember they shut the door and they wouldn't come out till they got a hold of something and they'd sing him old songs, call him up. Call him up because they get a hold of God. Brother Bram tells the story of blind Barnameus how many times? And in every time he said he he reached out there and said, "Thou son of David, have mercy on me." Jesus could not hear him physically. &gt;&gt; He was 500 yards away. &gt;&gt; But it wasn't it wasn't the voice he heard. It was the cry of faith he heard. &gt;&gt; He can still hear your prayer. Somebody said, "Brother Wayne, I'm too unclean. You ain't too unclean for this priest. He's the kind of priest that you can make the most unclean to." And they'll walk away clean, brother. He walked down at the resurrection. That little girl had already died. Geras's daughter is dead. She was 12 years old. Isn't that that number 12 shows up right there? She was 12 years old. &gt;&gt; Do you know the Bible said she was unclean? [Music] &gt;&gt; But not when he started talking. &gt;&gt; He said, "Damn, arise." That's when the dead gets out of their beds. &gt;&gt; That's when the lame gets out of their chairs. That's when the deaf starts hearing. That's when the sinner gets saved is when they hear from Jesus. Listen, I want you to know tonight. You can touch him. You may feel like the weakest person in this building, but you can touch him. 12 years bleeding. She was weak. Probably worked out for her benefit. She was already on her hands and knees crawling. She was too weak to stand. If you're trying to sneak up on Jesus, &gt;&gt; get down on your hands and knees alone. You can reach him there. You can touch him. You can touch him. Would you stand to your feet tonight? You can touch him. You can touch him. [Music] I'm so glad tonight before sitting there tonight and watching you sitting on that front row took me back a long time. [Music] It was somewhere in the late fall of 1994 and Brother Force was preaching a sermon. It's a Wednesday night. I don't remember the sermon he was preaching about and he was shucking the corner. I was sitting there kind of about the front row and my aunt Brenda and my mama and my sister had been praying and fasting &gt;&gt; that God would get a hold of me. &gt;&gt; And I come in there and sit down in that little church, that little doughnut shop over the edge. And I sat down there and I had the prettiest pair of Justin boots. Man, they were told up the side and brown. They're gorgeous boots. As long as you're looking at the tops. But I've wore them so long there was a hole about that big in the bottom. And I was a pridey little fella. And I was sitting there with them boots on. I sitting there all dressed best I could get. The preacher was preaching. The longer he preached the war worked on me. I didn't have church manners. I didn't know what they were. But after a little while, I kept feeling that draw. I kept feeling that draw. And that altar was just it was just about probably about this distance. &gt;&gt; And I was thinking, "That ain't far. That ain't far." And I I started to go and I'd sit back. I started to go and I'd sit down. He ain't calling for an alter call. He's preaching. And I'm ready to And I I kept doing this and in a minute something said to me, "You get down to that altar and they'll see the bottom of your boots. And all of a sudden, it was like something spoke to me. But this is your opportunity tonight. [Music] And all of a sudden, I didn't care if anybody saw the bottom of my boots. I didn't care if anybody was embarrassed by me or nothing about it. The man of God wasn't even done preaching. &gt;&gt; And I crawled right up in that altar &gt;&gt; and brother, I touched Jesus. I touched it. &gt;&gt; That's been more than 30 years ago. &gt;&gt; Do you know you can touch him? &gt;&gt; You can touch him tonight. &gt;&gt; Let's just bow our hearts together. Why don't you reach out to him now? You can touch him. If you don't know him tonight, won't you touch him in the way that he's the savior, you can reach out and touch him tonight? You're suffering with your body tonight. You're suffering and you're needing help. The doctors don't have the answers for you. Won't you just reach out and touch him? He was to pass by this way. He's on his way to the resurrection. And he made a prophesied appointment that he would come in this age. he would reveal himself among you. And here he is tonight in this building and and he's passing through this congregation. If you reach just reach out now with your faith and believe for the healing of your body. Maybe you're sitting here tonight. You got a wavered child out there. I'm telling you, he's a priest that can be touched for your family. He's proven that he can be touched to change families. You can touch him, too. You can make it tonight. Father, we bow our hearts in this building tonight. And Lord, I've used everything that I know to do to lift you. God, if I had a greater voice, I'd use it. If I had better examples, I'd use them. Lord, if I had better ability, I'd dedicate it. Lord, if I could be more sincere, I would. Lord, but oh God, help me tonight. Help me to to magnify to these people that you can be touched. I pray as you pass through this building tonight, Lord, that you would to hear the cry of the sick, that you would hear the cry of our young people, Lord, that's suffering with with anxieties and depressions, Lord. That you would hear them, Lord. You would hear them that's addicted to this pornography and their sexual temptations over their lives and they're trying to escape. Lord, just one touch tonight. Just one touch, just one brush from you, Lord, and immediately you can heal their issues, Lord. I pray as you pass through this building, Lord, that you'd touch every need. Now, we call upon you, great high priest. We offer this to you father in the name of Jesus Christ. Let it be according to your word. In Jesus name. In Jesus name. Amen. Brother may come and help me sing tonight. [Music] Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. Then he took her by the hand. She began to live again. Some begin to praise the Lord. Some begin to sing. He's in the house. If has to flee. Now there is light. Darkness. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. We were like that little girl dead in all our sins. And Jesus touched this heart of mine. Gave me life again. I am just a house of flame. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Death has to flee. And now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more doubt. So I'll praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. We are like that little girl dead in all our sins. Jesus touched this heart of mine, gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house death has to flee. Yes. Now there is a light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. And there's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. We are like that little girl dead in all our sins. Jesus touched this heart of mine, gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. But ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. He's in the house. Death has to flee. But now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope and there's no more ground. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. And death has to flee. And now there is life. When darkness used to be, now there is hope. There's no more time. So I'll praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] And now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I'll praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more ground. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the high. [Music] Little girl was lying there. People all were weeping. &gt;&gt; They just looked at Jesus when he said, "She's only sleeping. Then he took her by the hand." She began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some begin to sing. He's in the house [Music] to flee. For now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. So I praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. Well, touching Jesus is all that really matters. And then your life will never be the same. [Music] There's only one way to touch him. You must believe when you call on his name. [Applause] I say touching Jesus is all that really matters. And then your life will never be the same. For there's only one way to touch him. You must believe when you call on his name. [Applause] I know a woman tried so many physicians, [Music] yet she grew worse. to Jesus. She came and the crowd that tried to restrain her. Oh, but she whispered these words through her pain. She said, "Touching Jesus is all that matters. All the in your life will never be the same. [Applause] And there's only one way to touch him. Oh, you must believe when you call on his name. Well, I was bound when I knelt down at the altar. But they said Jesus could meet my every need. And I know when this this prisoner met King Jesus, he set me free. So praise the Lord. I'm free indeed. And I say touching Jesus is all that really matters. When your life is, it'll never be the same. [Applause] For there's only one way to touch him. You must believe when you call on his name. Well, I said I was bound when I kne down at an altar. [Music] But they said Jesus, he could meet my every need. And I know when this prisoner met Jesus, I said he set me free. So praise the Lord, free indeed. And I say touching Jesus is all that matters. And then your life will never be the same. For there's only one way to touch. &gt;&gt; Yes, my Lord, you must believe when you call on his name. I know touching Jesus is all that matters. And then your life will never be the same. There's only one way to touch him. You must believe when he calls on your name. [Applause] So reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. And you'll find he's not too busy &gt;&gt; to hear your heart's cry. If you have a need tonight, he's passing by this moment. Your need to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Every child and touch the Lord as he &gt;&gt; you'll find [Music] your heart. He's passing by this moment. Your need to supply Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Well, if your heart is sad and lonely, there's no joy anywhere. If there's no one left to comfort and there's no one left to care. Oh, just cast your cares on Jesus and upon his touch. Rely. Just reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He's passing by this moment. Your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. [Music] though a stranger to the master and his wonderful grace. If you've never had the pleasure of beholding his face, would you lay aside these earthly treasures for a home in the sky? Reach out and touch the Lord. Oh, as he goes by. Oh, reach out. And touch the Lord. As he goes by. Yes, you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He's passing by this moment your needs to supply. [Music] Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by all along. A dusty roadside on his way to raise the dead. A mighty was the crowd that followed. They were hungry for a living bread. Well, I must touch him, cried one woman. I must touch him or I know I'll die. So she reached out and touched his garments just as he was passing by. will reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. You'll find he's not too busy to heal. If you have a need from the Lord tonight, don't let this moment pass you by. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter how long that it's been. &gt;&gt; I know you need to heal supply. Just reach out. and touch the Lord as he goes out. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. It's because he lives. [Music] All my fear is gone. Because I know yes I know he holds my future and my life is worth living. Just because just because he lives [Music] his son because Jesus he came to us to heal and forgive. Let he live and die just to buy my pardon. And then he great is there to prove that myior you know he's alive tonight. I said because he he's our only hope. It's because he lives I can face tomorrow. But without you I know I'm not going to make it. &gt;&gt; It's because you live. Oh my Lord. All my fear is gone. And because I know I know, &gt;&gt; yes, he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music] And in one day, listen now. This is our future. I'm going to cross the river. &gt;&gt; I'm my last battle. This final war, it will rage. And then watch what happens. And win this flesh, this old robe of flesh, it'll give way to victory. And I see the light of glory. And I know that my savior lives. And I know because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. Oh, he lives. All fear is gone. And because I know I know my future, my life is worth the living. Just because he my life is worth living just because he lives. My life is worth living just because he lives. [Music] Well, you may feel down like God [Music] that you are faced with circumstance. You can't get it through. right now is she way out and you're going up. But God's proven time and time again. He'll take care of you. [Music] He'll do it again for you. He will do it again. Oh, just take a look where you are now. And will you be He'll always come through for you. He's the same now as me. You may not know how. You may not know when to do it again. God knows the things. God knows the things you're going through and how you're hurting. He understands just how your heart is broken into. But I know he's the God of the sun. son and sing. He is your father. And he'll call the stor. He'll find a way to fix it for you. He'll do it again. He will do it again. [Music] Just take a look where you are now and where you been. He'll always come through for you. He's the same now as you may not know how. You may not know when to do it again. Can we sing that verse? I say God knows the things you're going through &gt;&gt; and he knows how you're hurting. &gt;&gt; He sees your heart and how you are. It's been broken into. But I say he's the God of the sun, stars, and he is your father. He can come every store and he'll find a way to fix it for you. He'll do it again for you. He will do it again. Oh, just take a look where you are now and where you be. always come through for you. He's the same now as [Music] you may not know how. You may not know when to do it again. You may not know how. You may not know. You may not know how. You may not know when to do it again. You may not know how. You may not know. You may not know how. You may not know when to do it again. You may not know how. You may not know when. You may not know how. You may not know when, but you'll do it again. [Music] My God is awome. He can move a mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. [Music] Heals me when I'm broken. you free. I've been weak and pray. My God is awome. [Music] Awome. He is awome. He is awome. My God is awome. He is awome. He is awome. He is awesome. My God is awesome. He can still move every mountain. Keep you in the valley. He can hide you, hide you from I God. He is awesome. He heals me when I'm broken. He's strength to those that are weak. Forever he will reign. My God is awome. He is awome. He is awome. He is awesome. My God is awome. Yes, he is awome. He is awome. He is awesome. Can I tell you what he does? My God is awesome. The savior of this whole world. The giver of salvation. By his trials, I've been healed. My God is awesome. Today, I stand forgiven. His praise is high and I praise your holy name. Oh my God is awesome. Yes, he is awesome. I said you're awesome. You're awesome. My God is awesome. Yes, he is awome. You're awesome. Yes, you are awesome. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes, I have been. You're awesome. Today, I stand forgiven. Your grace is why I'm living. So I praise your holy name. My God is awome. Awesome. &gt;&gt; He is awesome. Awesome. &gt;&gt; Can you say he's awesome? &gt;&gt; He's awesome. Won't the church declare it tonight? Awome. He's awesome. Not to give praise to a man, but to give praise to a high priest. Can you look at him and say, "God is awesome." &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord is awome. I declare he's awome. Yes, you are awesome. Can you make it personal? You're worthy, oh Lord. You're worthy. You are worthy of all my praise. Yes, Lord. You're worthy. Oh, you are worthy. You are worthy of all my praise. For when I was lost, Lord, you came and found me. But when I was sick in my body, Lord, you made me well. When I felt like giving up, you came and picked me up. You wouldn't let me lay down. But Lord, you planted me on solid ground. I say you're worthy. Yes, Lord, you're worthy. I declare him worthy of all my praise. Oh, you are worthy. Yes, you are worthy. You are worthy of all my praise. Lord, you never failed me. I say you're worthy. You never forsake me. Lord, I declare you worthy. When I turned my back on you, but you didn't turn your back on me, I say you're worthy. When I wanted to quit, but Lord, you came and you gave me faith and said, I say you're worthy. He is worthy. Oh Lord, you're worthy. You are worthy. You are worthy. I declare him worthy. He is worthy. Oh Lord, you're worthy. Yes, you are worthy. For my God is awesome. Yes, he is awesome. He is awesome. Yes, he is awesome. My God is awesome. He can still move every mountain. Keep me in the valley. And by his stripes I'm here. My God is awesome. Today I stand forgiven. And your grace is why I'm living. So I praise your holy name. My God is awesome. He is awome. Is he awesome tonight? He is worthy. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; How many can declare him worthy? [Music] He's a king of kings. He's a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He's been crowned. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; As the greatest authority. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; The greatest king, the greatest champion &gt;&gt; that has ever walked upon the earth. story tonight. &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, [Music] &gt;&gt; may I have your attention? I would like to introduce to you here in this corner of the good and the right stands a champion roared in white. His height exceeds the heavens and his weight outweighs the world. His reach reaches everywhere and his ages ever more. He is higher than the highest, greater than the grave. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he reigns from above. He's the alltime undefeated undisputed champion of love. [Applause] Oh, he left his hometown to enter this arena just to raise his hands to victory for you and me. There was an angry crowd cried crucified. He who wore the crown and they gladly watched our champion go down. But let me tell you about one. But I will never count him out. Is there another one today? Cuz I'm a witness of the day her roles to proclaim. He's still champion of love. He is higher than the highest. He is greater than the great and no one will ever take his crown away. Oh, he's more mighty than the mightiest and he from above. He the all time undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Oh, I say he left his hometown to enter our arena for one purpose. He walked upon this earth to raise his hands in victory for you and me. How many can claim that? There's an angry crowd crying, "Crucify! Crucify him!" And they gladly watched our champion going down. put a crown of thorns on his head. If thou be the king of the kings, won't you come down off that cross and save yourself? But he never said a word. You know why? Because he had a purpose of dying on the cross of Calvary. It was to become the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords and the champion of all other throughout eternity. That he could shed his blood for you and I that we can stand in this hour and declare him worthy. &gt;&gt; Take his crown. I say he's more mighty than the mightiest and he reigns from above. He's the all time undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Is he your champion? Can you say, "He's my champion." Somebody go ahead and confess it out of your mouth. He's my champion. &gt;&gt; Tell you why. He had one purpose to walk upon this earth. &gt;&gt; The Bible says he robed himself in flesh. &gt;&gt; Took upon every temptation and every like manner of man for one purpose that you and I could be saved. That we could stand here in this generation as sons and daughters of God. &gt;&gt; He left his hometown. to enter our arena &gt;&gt; just to raise his hands. Victory. Somebody just say, "For me." For me, &gt;&gt; there was an angry crowd. And there still is. Cried crucified. He who wore the crown. And they gladly watched our champion go. But now, but there's one that won't. Oh, but I will never count him out cuz I'm a true witness. The day he rose to proclaim, he's still champion of love. He is higher than the highest. He's greater than the great and no one could ever take his crown away. Oh, he's more mighty than the mightiest. And he reigns from above. He's the all time undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Oh, he's the alltime undisputed, undefeated of love. Can you say it one more time? He's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love. [Music] Is he your champion? &gt;&gt; Glory to &gt;&gt; Is he your savior? &gt;&gt; Amen. Is he your healer? He's Jehovah Rafa. &gt;&gt; He's Jehovah Sid Canoe. He's my banner tonight. He's what I lift up over every trial that I go through. He's my God. He's my king. He's my priest. He's the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. I say tonight, he is my everything. He's my God. [Music] Well, God is my everything. God is my everything. He's my joy in sorrow. [Music] He's my hope for tomorrow. He's my rock in a wey land. He's my shelter in a time of storm. I say God is God is my everything. Well, God is my everything. Well, God is my everything. He's my hope. I said he's my hope for tomorrow. Well, he's my rock in a wey land. He's my shelter in a time of storm. I say God is will God is my everything. Well, God is God is my everything. God is my everything. my joy. &gt;&gt; He's my joy in sorrow. &gt;&gt; I said he's my hope. &gt;&gt; He's my hope for tomorrow. &gt;&gt; I know he's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock. In a wey shelter in a time of stor. &gt;&gt; I know that God is God is &gt;&gt; Yes. God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. Can you sing it tonight? I say, "Well, God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything." &gt;&gt; I know. God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; Well, he's my joy. &gt;&gt; He's my joy in my &gt;&gt; Yes, he's my hope. &gt;&gt; He's my hope for too long. &gt;&gt; He's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock. Yes, he's my shelter. &gt;&gt; And I'm a song. I know. &gt;&gt; God is God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; I say, "Well, God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; God is &gt;&gt; God is my somebody clap your hands tonight. &gt;&gt; He's my joy in sorrow. Yes, he's my hope. &gt;&gt; He's my hope for tomorrow. &gt;&gt; I know he's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock in a we land. &gt;&gt; Yes, he's my shelter &gt;&gt; in a time of stor. I know God is &gt;&gt; God is &gt;&gt; God is &gt;&gt; God is &gt;&gt; my everything. &gt;&gt; I say God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. world is my hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I said he's my hope. &gt;&gt; He's my hope. &gt;&gt; My rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock in a wey land. He's my shelter. It's time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Somebody get praise tonight. I say God is God is my everything. I know that God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; Well, God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; Well, he's my joy. &gt;&gt; He's my joy. He is my &gt;&gt; Yes, he's my hope. &gt;&gt; He's my hope. &gt;&gt; I know he's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock. [Music] He's my shelter in time is all I know. &gt;&gt; God is God is &gt;&gt; Yes. God is God is my everything. &gt;&gt; Yes. I say that my God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; Well, God is &gt;&gt; God is my everything. &gt;&gt; Yes. He's my joy. &gt;&gt; He's my joy. Well, he's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock for tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Yes, he's my rock. &gt;&gt; He's my rock in a wey land. [Music] My God is God. &gt;&gt; With God is God is my everything. &gt;&gt; Won't you give my big hand clap of praise tonight? Is he your everything? &gt;&gt; Is he your all and all? He's worthy of all the glory we could give him. All the praise we could we could praise out of these mortal lips. He's worthy of it all. He's a healer. He's my savior. He's my deliverer. He's the one that called me and he kept me through it all. He's worthy of it all. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's an awesome God and worthy of our praise. Say, brother Man, oh my. We just love the Lord tonight. How many loves the Lord? Somebody praise the Lord. Somebody say, "You're worthy." Somebody just give him some praise. Somebody say, "Hallelujah." Somebody say, "Worthy is the lamb." You may have some great trials. You may have gone through some great battles. There all kinds of of things that the devil's put upon the church in this last age. Can I just speak honestly to you? He's done everything he can to bring division and to bring evil spirits into the bride of Jesus Christ. Can I tell you a secret? Let me let you in on a little secret. God's bride is a many membered body around the world. She's not defined by the walls of a church. She's not defined by the walls of a of a ministry of any man. But she's a many membered body around the world. And I'm glad that I'm one of them. &gt;&gt; I'm glad to be a part of it. and she ain't restricted where she can't have fellowship one with another. There may be some people that have that, but let me tell you what it is. It's a demon out of the pits of hell that's keeping away from a true victory in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a demon. Can I say that again? You can print me if you want to. It's a demon out of the pits of hell that would keep the children of God from having fellowship one with another and being able to rejoice in the word of God &gt;&gt; and put our shoulders together and and have fellowship with people of like precious faith. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; One of these days there won't be any barriers. There won't be any walls. Men didn't make those. Don't look at the men. It was Satan that built the walls cuz he knows if he ever gets one, he can't hardly do nothing with them. And two, and now he's got his work cut out. And three, he had to call an army. When it got to four, he had to create more. When it got to five, he gave everything he had. And when everybody's together, Satan is defeated. &gt;&gt; Defeated. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you this one. Even the weakest Christian gets down on their knees, he already knows he's defeated. No wonder he wants to divide us. The Bible says one can flee a thousand and two can flee 10,000. But I say, devil, I got news for you tonight. There ain't one, there ain't two, but there's a two or 300 that would gather around the word of God tonight and say, devil, you are defeated. There's healing. There's miracles that took place in this meeting because of the faith of God's children that came together to see the hand of God and to touch the hymn of his garment. And let me tell you this friends, one of these days all those walls will be torn down. I just feel free tonight. That's why we have a tent meeting. There ain't no walls anyway. It don't take nothing, brother Travis. He can kick that wall a little bit and it'll just fall down. It don't take much to knock it down, &gt;&gt; but one of these days they'll all be gone. &gt;&gt; Your sickness will be gone. and every failure be gone. And you know what? I can say this. You got a right to confess it today. Can I sing this to you in the key of C as we get prepared? The sisters have a a dinner prepared for everybody. But I'm going to tell you this tonight. Well, I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got this feeling. Everything's going to be all right. [Music] You may let the devil [Music] [Music] back [Music] I can see now with a smile on his face telling all the people with his gentle grace. I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got this feeling. Everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling. Everything's going to be all right. Going to be all right. It'll be all right. It'll be all right. Well, a little boy named David went out to find a child and everybody laughed at such a funny little sight. He's a little shepherd boy armed only with a sling. But the high mighty Goliath seems such a puny little thing. But David said, "You come to me with spear and a sword, but I come to you in the name of the Lord." And he put in a stone and he gave it a sing. And when it left his hand, he began to sing. Well, I got a feeling that everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling that everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling that everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Be all right. You got time for one more. And now for the greatest story of them all. My Jesus was a dying and hail of all. All the demons were rejoicing. They thought they'd won the war. But soon they would not be laughing anymore. On that first Easter morning when the sun woke up the earth and the cowards of the deep opened up to give birth, there came a resurrected savior with feeling in his wings. And now the horse of children rise and sing. But I got this feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling. Everything's going to be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Be all right. Oh, be all right. It'll be all right. I said it'll be all right. Amen. Amen. I believe it'll be okay. Over in the by and by. Amen. We're getting ready to go home. One of these days we'll have a meeting like this. We'll rapt you right out of here. &gt;&gt; Right out of here. &gt;&gt; That's the way I want to go. &gt;&gt; I know people worry about that and you know how am I going how am I going to go and my I don't want to be sick. I don't want to be old and you know I just assume I heard a guy say I if I had to die one way it had to be this way. That'd be the best way to go. I thought my I'm not preparing to die. &gt;&gt; I don't know what got people thinking like that. The way I want to go is I want to go like Enoch did that he walked so close to God that one day he took his own step on this earth and he walked right into glory. &gt;&gt; That promise is to somebody &gt;&gt; and I just choose to believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; Brother Jonathan, could you come and close us in a word of prayer? We have to announce uh tomorrow morning starting at 11:30. We have a youth gathering at the fellowship hall. have some games and things for all the young people. Uh so you're welcome to come uh and uh so come for fellowship. Our service tomorrow night, brother David Siler will be ministering uh for us. The service will be at 6:00 p.m. at 6:00 p.m. tomorrow night. Um don't worry about the weather. We're going to watch the weather closely. Uh and if it looks like that we uh can't have it the church in the tent, then we're just going to move the church indoors. So all you folks that thought we're crazy for having a tent, which y'all aren't here because y'all's all here, so y'all don't think we're crazy, but but all them folks, they'll be satisfied. Maybe they'll show up tomorrow night. If it rains, it'd be a good reason for them to go in church. Then we'll see what excuse they had if it starts raining. But but if it rains us out, we'll just move indoors. We have church. Um we don't have as as much room. Uh we got we've got we can seat a couple hundred there in the sanctuary. Pretty crowded. and we've got some overflow room to accommodate everybody else we've made for meetings and things. So, um just don't worry about the weather and all that. Also then remember uh Sunday morning, Brother Andrew Glover will be speaking for us. Service will be at 11:00 for those that are here for the meeting. Amen. Amen. You love him. &gt;&gt; Is everybody in good now? &gt;&gt; No problems, no pains. Amen. You shouldn't have any. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we love you, Lord. Lord, we're so thankful for what you've given us tonight, Lord. Just a glimpse, Lord. Just a touch of what you can do, Lord. Lord, you're there for us and we're so appreciative, Lord. Lord, I believe we touched you tonight, Lord. I believe each individual touched you, Lord. I believe, Lord, as we go, Lord, miracles are going to be wrote down, Lord, of your healing power, of your saving power. Lord Jesus, we ask you to go with us, Lord. be with us in fellowship. Lord, be with us as we partake of the food. Lord, bless each and everyone, Lord. We love you and we thank you in your lovely name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you go. They have a meal prepared dinner for everyone up at the fellowship hall. You're welcome to stay in fellowship as long as you want there. [Music] Well, I've been changed. I've been healed. [Music] I've been free. I've been delivered. I found joy. I found peace. Amazing grace. I'm highly favored. And right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. I've been changed. And I said, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. All my chains, it's all my gift. It's
