################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-05 - Bro Andrew Glover  In This World, Not Of This World  10-5-2025 - Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-05
Title:   Bro Andrew Glover | In This World, Not Of This World | 10-5-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9i66N2KdXU
========================================

[Music] Hey, Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, and I need Oh, I claim those precious. Oh, let's all stand and sing that close again. I claim the blood. I claim the blood. Jesus sh this morning those precious blessings who were made there just for me for all my sins. Oh my s my [Music] when I need healing. I claim those precious blood. Oh, I have a source of strength. I have a source of strength when I am weak. That takes me through. When life is pressing and I have a source of power from the glory cover this have covered all my a [Music] Jesus shed on Calary. [Music] [Applause] Those precious blessings were made there just for me. [Music] Oh my s Oh my s my [Music] oh and I need healing. Oh I those pray. Oh if you have a need this morning just lift your hand and sing it to him today. And I claim the blood. Oh Jesus shed on Calary. [Music] Those precious blessings were made. They're just for me. Oh my sin. Oh my s my [Music] [Applause] need healing. Yes, I claim those precious over all my sins and for all my sins. Oh my sickness and my pain. Oh, and I need healing. Yes, I claim those preious blood stains. Oh, aren't you thankful for the blood this morning? Aren't you thankful we have a source that we can go to whenever we have our trials, our temptations, our healing, whatever we have need of, we have a source that we can go through. And he's here this morning to meet each and every need. Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord this morning. Just remember our pastor. He's awake this morning ministering up at brother Wayne's um brother Joe is up at our brother David Silers and I believe brother Brian went with him just remember those brother this morning just come with great anticipation we got our brother Andrew Glover back home so just looking for what the Lord has in store for us today brother Wesley we open the service in a word of prayer [Music] Amen. Amen. Certainly good. You may have your seats this morning. Just a couple announcements. Just a reminder of our 10 meetings that are coming up here in a couple weeks. Just looking forward to those. They have signup sheets for those that would the dinners if you can sign up on those that we have every slot filled that way nobody's left doing a lot of the work. Just looking forward to those. Also reminder of our fall festival November 1st. So um we have the signup sheet for the booth on the bulletin board back there. So just make sure to sign up there. Just looking forward to those. Joy unspeakable. Joy unspeakable. How many you got joy this morning? And I have found his grace is overcoming. He's supplying every need. Oh, while I sit and learn at Jesus feet, I am free as indeed. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, the half has never been told. And I have found the pleasure I once great in his joy and peace within. Oh, what a wonderous blessing. I am saved from the awful god of sin. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory all the has never yet been told. And I have found that hope so bright and clear. Living in the realm of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smiling face and it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh that has never yet been told. And I have found that joy no tongue can tell. how his ways of glory [Music] and it is like a great or flowing well springing up within my soul and it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory it is joy unspeakable and full of glory know the half has never yet been told. And it is joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh that has never yet been told. And I'm laying up my treasures in that home above. I'm trusting fully trusting in Savior's love. I'm doing what I can for that heavenly love to leave. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready for those gates of birth. I'm keeping my record. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave. Sing it again now. Well, now I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready for those gates of world. I'm keeping my record. I'm watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, any earthly trial I his love can trace. I'm sure that up in heaven I shall find a face. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm getting ready for those gates of hell. Keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. And when the saints go marching and when the saints go maring, aren't you thankful you're going to be part of that number this morning? Well, I'm uphill from hand a stranger. I'm wondering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. And oh, I know I'll see my Savior if my life is free from sin. Oh, heaven's doors will open for me. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Yes. When the saints Oh, let's all stand. Sing this third verse. And when we gather around the throne. Oh, and the gates are closed within. Yes, I'll be shouting glory, glory. Oh, when the saint and the brothers will come for the offering. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, and the saints are watching in. Amen. I'm just thankful you're going to be in that number today. Amen. We just have one prayer request. It says, "Please pray for Ruth Anne's family." So, just remember that prayer request. We have no other needs. Just keep him in prayer. Morgan, we pray the offering in this name. [Music] [Music] And now I'm waiting for my fear of me or to swing low and I'll step on in. Oh, on the clouds I ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go. Oh, sing that last verse again. You see, I'm waiting for my off. Oh, to swing low and I'll step on in. Oh, all the clouds I rise to heaven. When the saints, oh, why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hands this morning. Oh, when the saints go marching in Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go maring in. Oh, when we gather around the throne. Oh, when the gates are closed with me. Yes, I'll be shouting. Glory, glory. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go mar. I'll sing it again now. Yes. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Yes. When the saints go maring. Oh, give Lord Hancock a praise this morning. Amen. We got a few song special, so we're going to get right to those. Sister Wel, you get ready to bring your song. Let's just sing that chorus again. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring. Amen. Sister Destiny, if you'll be ready to sing right after her. [Music] Oh. way. But I'll send you another comforter that will guide you from day to day. So they tear at Jerusalem for power from on high and that same spirit that they receive within thy heart of mine. Oh, I can feel his holy spirit oh dwelling with me. And sometimes it it feels so gentle and sometimes like rushing wind. And that same spirit that rais Jesus up from death and the grave. Well, it will raise this. Oh, body up and take me home someday. Oh, they lay here in an empty who may roll a big old stone at the door. They put solders there to guard him. You know, they thought they done away with my Lord. But on that third day, the stone was rolled away and he came forth from the grave. Well, that same spirit that right Jesus up will take me home someday. Oh, I can feel his holy spirit oh dwelling within. And sometimes it it feels so gentle and sometimes like a mighty rushing wind. Well, that's like spirit that ra Jesus of death and the grave. will rise this whole body up and take me home someday. Oh, I can feel his holy spirit oh dwelling within. And sometimes it it feels so gentle and sometimes like a mighty rushing wind. But that same spirit that rais Jesus up from death and the grave. It's going to take this old body up and take me home someday. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on How for all the blood that gives me strength from day to day will never lose his power. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the Lord. [Music] All the blood that gives me strength from day on today. We will never never lose it. [Music] Oh, it s and it calms all my fears. And it dries all of my tears. All the blood that gives me strength from day onto today will never never lose his power. Glores [Music] to the highest mountain. Thank God it flows. To the Lord is all the blood that gives me strength. Yesterday, today, tomorrow, it will never, never, never lose it power. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the L. Oh, the blood. It gives me strength from day to day. But never, never, never lose his power. I said it'll never never never lose it power. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I want to introduce to you. Here in this corner of the good and the light stands a champion war in white. [Music] His light exceeds the heavens and his weight outweighs the world. His reach reaches everywhere and his age is ever more. He is higher than the highest and he's gater than the great no one. never take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightest and he reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. [Music] He left his hometown to enter this arena and he raised his hands in victory for you and me. There was an angry crowd cried crucified. He who wore the crown and they gladly watched my champion go down. Oh, but I will never count him now cuz I'm with his son. The day he goes to retain the title champion of [Music] higher than the highest ger [Music] more mighty than the mightiest and reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of [Music] We Calvary, plead my dead and took stripes free. and he rose again proclaiming my victory. So don't sit there defeating it. All you have to do is believe. Just surrender everything and be set free. All the demons they are tripping now with your strings are on the floor. Just tell, oh Satan, you're not welcome here anymore. My God's higher than the highest and he's greater than the great. No one will ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he from above. He's the all time undisputed. Undefeated champion. The all time undisputed. Undefeated champion. the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of just praise him right now. Can you say he's higher than the highest, greater than the greatest? He's the mighty conqueror that's been through the ages and he's your champion of love this morning. Aren't you thankful for that? Amen. We have this song that brother Andrew wanted us to sing that we're going to try and sing for you this morning. If you know it, you can sing it with us this morning. If not, I'll just sing as a special this morning. But says I'm not of this world. If you can understand, I come from another world where the sons have come and the morning star. I declare I was there. My kind is very rare. In his image I was made before the foundations were laid. Oh, I'm of a super race who beheld our father's face. I'm not of this world. [Music] I was expressed into time. I've come from another world. Said to be an end time sign. I'm only here for a little while to prove and manifest his life from another world. I'm going back to that eternal world. I come from another world unseen by human eyes. [Music] I'm from another world parallel universe. And right now I'm standing here. But if you dared to batch your eyes, I might just disappear in the twinkling of an eye. Oh, to that other world, that eternal world. I'm not of this world. [Music] Oh, I was expressed into time. I've come from another world sent to be an end time sign. I'm only here for a little while to prove it manifest his life from another world. I'm going back to that eternal world. I live in another world where I'm influenced to praise. my mouth the orphan that's been singing to me. There's a quickening power that's been rapuring me through a heavy place of supernatural atmosphere. Oh, from that of the world. from that other world. I'm not of this world. Oh, I was expressed into time. I've come from another world. Said to be an in time sign. Oh, I'm only here for a little while to prove it manifest his life from another world. I'm going back to that. Oh, let's sing that ser. I live in another world where I'm influenced to praise. Oh, by my theophony that's been singing to me. There's quickening power that's been rapturing me to a heavenly place. A supernatural atmosphere. [Music] Oh, from that other world. From that other world. Oh, let's all stand the same. Oh, I was expressed into time. I've come from another world. Oh, said to be an end time sign. Yes, I'm only here for a little while to prove and manifest his life from another world. I'm going back. I'm not of this world. I'm not of this world. Yes, I was expressed into time. I've come from another world. Oh, sent to me an end time sound. I'm only here for a little while to prove and manifest his life from another world. [Music] Oh, I'm go. I'll sing it once more now. Oh, I'm not of this world. Oh, I was expressed in [Music] I mean for a little to prove to me the is from another world. Oh yes, I'm going back to that eternal word. How many can say, "Praise the Lord this morning?" Amen. How many can worship the Lord here today? How many can testify you're not of this world? Amen. There's a deep calling to the deep this morning. Amen. My isn't it such an honor to be in his house this morning, to be in his presence together with believers of like precious faith. Amen. We thank the Lord this morning for his mercy and grace and want to say good morning to you all and God bless you. Amen. It is a real honor to be here today to be home and to be speaking to you this morning. Amen. From the from the message of the hour, I tell you. Amen. Isn't it just wonderful to have such a Amen. a church together in this morning to fellowship around the things of God. And amen, you just feel the atmosphere of faith building in the sanctuary today. And there's one thing that we know that whenever believers get together, amen, something good always happens. Amen. There's always miracles takes place and healings take place and deliverance takes place and amen. I just want to Amen. Thank the Lord his this morning for his mercy and grace and do want to greet you this morning. Brother Matt ask us to greet you all this morning for him. I know he's there speaking today in Ohio, brother Wayne's assembly there at True Word Tabernacle. And so I know he desires your prayers and Amen. And I know the Lord will use him there mightily today. And want to say God bless you and welcome to all the visitors here this morning with us. And amen. We sure thank the Lord. Amen. That you would take time out of your schedules to come and and be with us today in the house of the Lord. And Amen. I I just tell you my heart is overjoyed this morning of what the Lord is doing here in our assembly and his grace upon it. And Amen. I was just um I was just stepping out there in the in the foyer before we came in and the young kids getting out of Sunday school and I asked some of them. I said some of the young boys, I said, "What did you all learn this morning?" They said, "Well, we was learned about the prophet." And amen. I know to the world that may sound strange. Amen. But to a believer, my heart just bubbled up on the inside. Amen. You say, "Well, you all are focusing on a man." No, we're focusing on Jesus Christ that has been revealed through the son of man. Amen. this morning before we open the word. I know there's many needs among us. Maybe we could just bow our hearts today for a word of prayer. Amen. I know the Lord is here and maybe you just open your heart this morning and invite him. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a what a warm atmosphere is in the building today. Lord, we're so thankful this morning that you woke us up with a mind to serve you, Father. Lord, we're thankful that you grow you pulled us out of this world and drew us into your presence, dear God. Lord, we're thankful this morning that we have a place together with believers of like precious faith. And Lord, we can lay aside our burdens and we can lay aside the cares of life. And Lord, we can look unto you who is our help, who is our strength, Lord. And Father, I pray this morning as we endeavor to look into your word. Father, I pray that your anointing this morning would so fill this building today, Lord. Father, you see every heart that's here today, every need that's here, every every life that's represented here today. Dear God, we're looking to you this morning. Father, trusting that your mercy and grace would be extended to every life here today. Father, I pray that you would bring us into one mind and one accord today, Lord, that the people would not see me or hear me, Father, but Lord, they would see you and they would hear from you today. Father, I pray for those that are sick in their body this morning. May your divine healing virtues, oh God, may they flow through those sick bodies this morning. Maybe some at home unable to be here listening to the service or will go back and listen to it. I pray this morning, Lord, that the angel of God would pass by that home, Lord. Father, if there would be one that's lost their desire or they're in the valley of decision, Lord, or Lord, they're in this in the stage of bewilderment, dear God, when they when they hear this word this morning, Lord, may you so quicken them, dear God, Lord, that they would rise above the things of this world and climb up into the heavenlies, oh God. Uh, Father, we ask you this morning, Lord, we don't just want to be charged here, but Lord, we want to be changed, dear God. May your may your great transforming power come among us today. Forgive us, oh God, of our failures and our shortcomings, Lord. And Lord, we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray. And all the believers says, &gt;&gt; "Amen." Amen. God bless you this morning. If you have your Bibles today, while you're standing with us, we want to go to the book of St. John, the 15th chapter. We're going to look in John 15. And then also, we're going to look in 2 Corinthians 6. Amen. I do want to say it's really good to have sister Lillian back. God bless you. Amen. Amen. We thank the Lord for his healing touch on our sister and Amen. We we do appreciate all that she Amen. contributes and gives to the assembly here. Amen. It is a special morning for us. Our first time in the house of God as a family of four. And amen. We thank the Lord for his mercy and grace to be here this morning. We've got our new little addition, Haven Grace, there with us. And amen, our little buddy Malachi back there. Amen. And we thank the Lord for his mercy and grace. And do want to thank you all for all your support and all the help and efforts and prayers and everything that you did for us, the food you brought and all the text and prayers. I I tell you um we couldn't have felt more love and support from this assembly and we want to say thank you this morning and we sure love and appreciate appreciate each and every one of you. Amen. Here in the book of St. John the 15th chapter, I want to look here in the 18th verse. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. How many come to have church? &gt;&gt; Amen. The 18th verse. If the world hates you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you. If ye were of the world, then the world would love his own. I like that how it says the world would love his own. But because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen. Somebody say chosen. But I have chosen you out of the world. Therefore, the world hateth you. Amen. I also want to look at the book of 2 Corinthians the 6th chapter. Amen. 2 Corinthians the 6th chapter. You all give us some grace this morning. I've got a a lot of hay on the fork, a lot of things on my heart. Amen. The Lord has just been dealing with us here the past uh actually the past day. And I pray it'll be a blessing to you. And I had something else totally another direction to go. But I feel the Lord leading us in this direction. In 2 Corinthians the 6th chapter and the 13th verse, he says, "Now for a recompense in the same I speak as unto my children, be ye also enlarged. Now be ye not unequally yolked together with unbelievers." I want you to notice how Paul says this. For what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? And what communion hath light with darkness? And what concord hath Christ with bil which is the devil? Or what part hath a he that believeth with an infidel? So there's fellowship. There's communion. There's a concord. There's a part. Look in verse 16. And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols. How many knows ye are the temple of the living God? as God has said, I will dwell in them and will walk in them, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Now, wherefore come out. Somebody say, "Come out." &gt;&gt; Come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you, and will be a father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters. I say this morning that's the highest honor of any of our lives this morning is that God would call us his sons and daughters saith the Lord Almighty. Amen. We ask the Lord this morning to bless the reading of his word as you can have your seats here today. Amen. If the Lord would help me this morning from those scriptures, if I would if I would take a title today, I want to speak to you on this. Amen. In this world, not of this world. Amen. in this world, not of this world. In St. John 15:19 from the Amplified Bible, it says, "If you belong to the world, then the world would love you as its own and would treat you with affection, but you are not of the world. You no longer belong to it." Amen. That that does something to my heart. You no longer belong to it. But I have chosen you out of the world. And because of this, the world hates you. I I can say this morning as believers, I I believe that we are growing more weary of this world every day. How many could testify, amen, I'm growing more weary of this world every day? The prophet of God would say in looking to the unseen, I'm so glad that by faith that we can see, amen, afar, the coming of the Lord Jesus. How many can see the coming of the Lord Jesus and making preparations to get out of this old world? See, that's going to be burned sometime with unquenchable fire. I don't know about you, but that moves me this morning that we are not making, Amen, preparations to stay. Amen. But we are making preparations to get out. And I can say this morning that this world is not our home. Amen. Amen. We are pilgrims and we are strangers. Amen. As a matter of fact, this morning we are just passing through. Paul would say in Hebrews 11:13, he said, "These all died in faith, not having received, amen, the promises, but having seen them a far off and were persuaded them and embraced them and confessed." Now, this was their confession that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. I love that word stranger. It's an alien from a person or a thing. Amen. It is without the knowledge of without a share in. So they were testifying. Amen. That I have no share. I have no investment. Amen. In this world I'm just passing through. That word pilgrim. It is one who comes from a foreign country into a city. Amen. Or a land to reside there. Amen. By the side of the natives. Amen. Amen. A pilgrim is one who comes into a land. Amen. And they reside there. And they are residing. Amen. by the natives of that land. I say to you this morning, you are not a native, amen, of this world. You are not a native of Leonosa. Amen. But God who is rich in mercy has sent you into this age to reside. Amen. But you are a pilgrim, hence you are a stranger. Amen. You are in reference to heaven as your native country. Amen. You are one who sojourns on this earth. Amen. For they for in verse 14. For they that say such things. Amen. Desire plainly that they seek a country. Amen. And truly if they had been mindful of that country from whence they came out, they might have had, amen, the opportunity to return. Amen. But now they desire a better country that is an heavenly. Wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God, for he has prepared them, amen, a city. I I think this morning it is a joy to know, amen, that we have come from God and we must go back to God. Amen. The prophet of God would say, "Give me spiritual strength for this great journey." Amen. That's just ahead. Give us all we pilgrims. Amen. We profess that we are pilgrims and strangers. Amen. We are not of this world because we have been called out and we have been separated. Amen. By the Holy Ghost. And now, amen. We walk in a new life. And I just want to say this morning, Amen. Some something has changed in my ear. If we can put it back to where it was, it would be good. Amen. Many times we are expecting people to be certain things. And we're expecting people to do certain things. But I want to say this morning, Amen. Sometimes we're expecting too much of people who simply don't have the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. We're expecting them to do this and expecting them to live this way and expecting them to dress and expecting them to talk. And the problem is, Amen. They have not got the Holy Ghost which causes him, Amen, to do those things. You all know that. Amen. A man without the Holy Ghost is a brute beast is what the prophet said. Amen. But a man who has received the Holy Ghost has been called out of this world. Amen. And has been separated and set aside, amen, to be a manifestation of another world. Now, I'll say it to you like this. Amen. Amen. God's children have always, Amen, been considered strangers. and pilgrims. Brother Bren said, "We are like Abraham. We left the world and we are looking for a city whose builder and maker is God." He said, "And we are believing that someday, some glorious day. We shall see that city." He said, "My whole heart's desire is to see that glorious city." Oh, church of the living God. I don't know about you this morning. Amen. But I am eat up with the desire. Amen. To see the city. Amen. That John saw coming down from God out of heaven. I am eat up with the passion this morning. Amen. To see that city that has foundations. I am eat up this morning to see that city where there is no politics, where there is no man-made traditions, where there is no influence of hell. Where Leosa does not control. Listen, I don't know about you this morning, but there's something in my heart that wants to put on my traveling shoes this morning. I want to go see that city. I'm a part of that city. That city is calling to my heart. Yes, sir. In St. John 17, Amen, we read of Christ who is that great intercessor. And you all know that St. John 17, Amen. It is a beautiful scripture wherein Jesus, Amen, actually prayed a prayer for the church. Amen. Now, what he was doing was he was praying, Amen, that the church may be kept pure. In St. John 17:14, he says this in his prayer, I have given them thy word and the world hateth them because they are not of the world even as I am not of the world. He said, I pray not that thou shouldest take them, amen, out of the world, but thou shouldest keep them from the evil. Amen. They are not of the world, even as I, amen, am not of the world. Now watch what he says in verse 17. He says, "Sanctify them." Amen. Through thy word, through thy truth. Amen. Amen. So God sanctifies you. Amen. Through his truth, which is his word. Amen. That word sanctified, it means separated from profane things and dedicated to God. Amen. A life of consecration. Amen. Is verse 18. As thou has sent me into the world, even so have also sent them into the world. and for their sakes I sanctify myself that they also might be sanctified through the truth. Amen. Then I can say to you this morning, amen, that God is not requiring you to do anything different than what Jesus did. The prophet of God come along and said, "See, you are, Amen, a predestinated seed." Amen. Just like Christ was. Amen. Then can I say it this morning? Amen. everywhere the word made flesh in Jesus went. It brought a separation. Amen. He could not go into the synagogue and believe their tradition. He could not go into the city and partake of their customs. He could not go into the world and be like the rest of them because there was a sanctification that had been placed over his life. And I'll say to you this morning, amen, if you confess there's a seed in your soul, then you ought to say, "God, Amen, give me a life." Amen. To back up the confession that there's a seed in my soul. Amen. Wherever I go, let the life I live bring a separation in the atmosphere. Come on. I don't think our boys ought to look like worldly boys. And I don't think our girls ought to look like worldly girls. I don't think our church, Amen, ought to look like the world. I think there ought to be a sanctification on the inside of every believer. That'll cause a separation in the world that we're living in. Yes, sir. I tell you. Amen. The world wants mixers. You all know that. But you know what a prophet said? He said, "God wants separators." Amen. I tell you what a prophet said. He said, "God is a segregationalist." Now, that was a heavy one to say, but it's what a prophet said. And he said, "When you make when you meet God," he said, "It'll make you act ridiculous to the outside world." He said, "Could you imagine Abraham, Amen, telling the people he was going to have a baby?" But Abraham had to separate himself from all unbelief. And that's what God calls to every man or woman. When he meets you and forgives your sins and calls you to be his servant, he expects you, amen, to separate yourself from all unbelief. Now listen what a prophet said. He said, "Disassociate yourself from all things that's ungodly." Now, I know it's an age of mixers. It's an age where everything is no longer black or white. It's just all gray. But a prophet said, "Look not at the world." He said, "Come out from among the world." Amen. God is a segregationalist. He said God called Israel out. Somebody say out. Amen. He called his people out. He said, "And God, amen, don't want his children, Amen, mixed up with the world or the things of the world." Now, &gt;&gt; can we preach this morning? Amen. He said he is trying to separate his church, amen, from the world. But the church wants to go on with the world. He said, "But his people is still segregated, segregated to him." He said, "Who is he, the word?" He said, "Now see a real genuine Christian has to be a segregationalist." He said, "Separating himself from the things of the world and everything." Now watch this. And come into one purpose. Amen. You've got to separate yourself from everything. And come into one purpose. And that purpose is Jesus Christ. Now, I know this is not popular preaching, but it's still the message. We don't have many purposes in this life. Amen. As a people of God, we have one sole purpose. And that sole purpose is an eternal purpose. And that's the only thing that we as believers desire to fulfill. And I want you to always remember this. Amen. There is a purpose behind separation. If God asks you to separate, he's not asking you to do that to be mean to you or to be unfair to you. But there is a purpose of that separation. Listen, separation means to separate from something, amen, to something. Listen, the prophet of God said the first man separated himself, amen, was Adam. And he separated himself from the word, amen, to go with his wife, which, now watch this, which questioned whether God would keep his word or not. He said, what a perfect type of the lukewarm carnal-minded believer today. Amen. that still wants to cling with that and what their tradition says instead of taking what the word says. He said the carnal believer is separated, amen, from the word to the church. The carnal believer is separated from the word to the church. He said, but look, the second Adam was created in the womb of a woman and came to the world. He was a Nazerite to the word of God. Listen, he was separated, amen, from the world to the word. The first Adam left the word to go with his wife. Amen. The carnal church member leaves the word to go with the church. But there was another type and that was the gene seed of God who would separate from the world to go with the word. And I wonder, can I get a witness this morning? I am not a carnal church member. I am not a layout of sin. I am a son and a daughter of Almighty God. And there is something in my soul that is causing me to separate from everything that's unlike this word because I have come from another world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm not of this world. I'm of another world. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now I did some research yesterday and I'm going to take some time and read it to you here on the difference of in the world but not of the world. Is that okay? The phrase in the world but not of the world is often used in religious or spiritual context, especially in Christianity. But the world actually took that phrase and they actually applied more broadly to a philosophical idea, philosophical, is I'm saying that right? Y'all know me? idea about how a person lives within society without being completely shaped or ruled by it. That's pretty good right there. Now, here is a breakdown of the difference being in the world. It means physically existing and actively participating in daily life. Now, now that don't mean that you're some hermit. Amen. Living under a rock somewhere, not paying your bills and not working and not educating your children. Amen. No, that means you're in the world. You're existing and actively participating in daily life. Now listen, you live in society and you have relationships, you work, experience emotions and interact. You interact with culture, politics and economy. It is the reality of human life. We are here embodied and affected by our environment. Example, you go to school or work, you use technology. Amen. You make money. You deal with social issues. You're in the world. You're engaging with it. Amen. Now, come on, church. This message, amen, did not come to make us, Amen, a bunch of crazy people to society. Amen. I don't mean to get too open here. Amen. But I've seen folks around this message get plumbed weird with ideas. We're not going to school our kids. And Amen. We're not And really, that's an influence of an idea from 1977 that the Lord was going to come. So, there was no need to work. there was no need to put up for tomorrow. And that's why we got people living with hardly anything is because they adopted some mindset, amen, that were of the message and we don't have to do anything, amen, to further our families. But I want to say this morning, brother Brandham said on the day of the rapture, he said I'll be planting my potatoes. He said, I'll be living my life. And he said if he calls, brother David, he said, I'll drop the hole and I'll take off. Amen. That's the kind of people this message produced is people who know their responsibility in the hour they're living in. Amen. We are in the world. Now, we're not of the world. Amen. I love this. Not being of the world. It means we're not adopting the values or the priorities or the mindset of the dominant culture or system. I want to say it as plain as I know how. Grace Tabernacle refuses to adopt the mindsets and the culture and the priorities of Leoa. And you parents ought to join with me this morning and say, "I refuse to let Leosa, Amen, migrate my children into their culture, into their priorities." We are sons and daughters of God before we're anything else. We're sons and daughters of God. And the house of God ought to have priority. and worshiping God ought to have priority and prayer ought to have priority and enjoying the blessings of God ought to have priority. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You still with me? Amen. It is often implied as resisting materialism, ego and superficial success or moral compromise. Well, glory to God. It's about maintaining an inner orientation or identity that is rooted in something higher and then something higher spirituality, integrity, truth or a sense of the divine purpose. Now listen, the example of that is you might live in a society that promotes greed and we do. You might live in a society that promotes status and we do. You might live in a society that promotes self-interest, and we do. But you personally live with compassion, humility, and purpose, not letting the world's standards define you. &gt;&gt; Oh, church of the living God. Amen. I'm in the world, but I'm not of the world. Amen. The standards of Leosa does not define who I am. In the Bible, in St. John 17, Amen. Jesus prays for his followers saying this, they are not of the world just as I am not of the world. What Jesus meant was that while his followers live in the world, their true identity, somebody say true identity and allegiance is to God, not to worldly systems or corrupt values. I tell you folks, that's powerful. Amen. Because Leosa is the age of corruption and the devil is trying his best, amen, to intimidate this bride. Amen. To accept his corrupt values and become what he defines as a Christian. Oh, but every day, Amen. I love this section. It has everyday interpretation. It means being conscience instead of a conformist. Amen. It means being conscience instead of a conformist. It means living with values and not just following trends. Well, glory to God. I could preach there for two hours. Amen. We are a people who is in the world, but we're not living with the trends of the world that we're in. We have values. Amen. What are you putting your value on? I'll tell you. Amen. The only thing value should go on is souls. And it ought to be on your soul and your family soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. I love this. Can I go on? It means choosing per choosing purpose over popularity. Amen. If you are in the world, not of the world, you are choosing purpose over popularity. I love this. You are choosing depth over distraction. Amen. You are choosing depth over distraction. Now listen, the concept meaning, Amen. in the world is engaged in everyday life, &gt;&gt; society and human experience. Amen. But not of the world. You are not defined by materialism. You are not defined by ego or cultural conditioning. My can I say it to you like I believe it. We were not brought into this world. Amen. To fit in. We were brought here to stand out. And the prophet of God said, "The religion of Jesus Christ has never been popular and it never will be popular because the world knows its own. And you're not of the world when you become a Christian. You're not a man of the world." He says, "You are a different person from the world." That's why Jesus said, "Amen, that no man can serve two masters. For either he will hate the one and will love the other, or else he will hold to the one and will despise the other." He says, "Now see, you cannot serve God and mammon." Now, amen. I love that word, that word serve. It is of those who become slaves to some base power. So, when you're serving something, you become a slave to it. Amen. Now, listen. If you're a servant of mammon or a servant of this world, then you are a servant unto a lower power. Amen. You're a servant to a power. Listen. Amen. I've seen people, Amen, give their all to the devil. And the devil can't heal their babies when they're sick. And the devil can't pay their bills when they're broke. And the devil can't put food on the table when there's nothing to eat. And the devil can't bring them promises and can't give them potential. Amen. But they're serving that devil. Brother said, "That's what's the matter with people today. They don't want to get shut off from the world. He said, "Now listen, you'll turn on your television at night." Amen. To see Mary, Susie, or every whatever these plays are and stay home from the prayer meeting and then wondering why you can't hold on. Amen. Wondering why. Oh, preach, brother Andrew. Thank you. I believe I will. Amen. Wondering why you can't hold on. Amen. You're not dead enough. &gt;&gt; Well, somebody shout, "Amen. You're not dead enough." Amen. I stand in prayer lines over this world by the grace of God. And I hear it time after time after time, "Brother Andrew, I can't get the victory. I can't overcome this. I can't conquer this." Amen. And I'm screaming in my soul. And I I'm not trying to be rude, but I just want to tell them, I know why. It's because you're eat up with the things of the world. Amen. You're not willing to bear the reproach, Amen, of being called a separationalist. You're not willing to bear the reproach of being called an oddball. But folks, if you're going in the rapture, today's a good day to accept the revelation. You are an oddball. You were not born to fit in. You were born to stand out. Yes, sir. Amen. And I'll just say this. I pray to God that we as parents, Amen, never get to a place that we encourage our children into things that is zapping the life of God right out of them. Amen. I'm just going to preach this morning. I feel the Holy Ghost in this building. Amen. Either we're of this world or we're not of this world. And I'll tell you this, I think it's time, amen, to apply the token. I think it's time to clean up from the pull pit to the back door. I think it's time to clean up from the bedroom to the kitchen to the living room and say, "Lord, either we're message believers and we're clean living, Holy Ghost fil, sanctified, set aside apart, or we're just playing church. But as for me in my house, I refuse to be a carnal believer. I refuse to have such a glorious, wonderful message and reduce my life down to another social Christian in this age. Lord, I feel the pull of another dimension and it's calling me to come up. [Applause] Oh, brother Andrew, I want to get there. Sometimes you can't just say, "I want to get there." You got to fight your way to get there. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. You can't be living two at one time. You got to be dead to the world and alive in God. or either you're a lie to the world and dead to God. &gt;&gt; Now folks, we can sugarcoat it, but somewhere or another we got to take the wrapper off in the sugar coat and just say it. &gt;&gt; And then when you let the world creep in and intellectual faith has accepted such a thing as that, and you know no more about God than a rabbit knows about snowshoes. Now, I'll just say this. God separated the church and the world. God separated. Jesus's prayer in St. John 17 was a prayer of separation. Listen, the church does not belong in the world. Can I say that to you? The church does not belong in the world. And I'm going to go on and say it. And the world don't belong in the church. &gt;&gt; Brother Re said, I believe that God's church is an example to the world, not of the world. Amen. I believe God's church is an example to the world that we can live different, we can act different, and we can be different. Don't y'all thank God for a prophet? And then y'all, how many's ever heard him preach on tape? Let me see your hands. Amen. You know when brother Abraham starts preaching and he gets down that clothesline religion and he starts, you feel it. It starts getting a little tight and he starts saying, "Well, you shouldn't dress like this and shouldn't look like that." And he said, "Oh, here they come." Well, brother Brandon, they don't make clothes like that no more. He said, "Well, they still sell goods and they still sell sewing machines." Amen. I'll just go ahead and preach. Amen. Sometimes we get a little too caught up in fashion and start making fun of people because of the clothes they're wearing. Amen. I don't care if they do look like they stepped out of the pioneer days. If they look like a daughter of God, we ought to respect the value that they desire to look different than this world. Come on. Amen. Well, he looks like an old fog. He looks like an old-timer. Well, if he looks like a son of God, we ought to say, "Thank God." There's still some young men in this evil age that still desires, Amen. to look like God wants a boy to look like. Well, glory to God. Preach, preacher. Thank you. I believe I will. I think it's time to come back to an oldfashioned holiness where we separate ourselves and we look like sons of God and daughters of God. I tell you what the prophet said. He said, "You ever get the Holy Ghost, Sister Joyce, it'll make you talk right. It'll make you walk right. It'll make you act right. It'll make you live right. It'll make you spit right. It'll make you die right. And one of these mornings, it'll make you raised in the power of the resurrection because you are not of this world. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He said, "People, you're not of the world. So don't you pattern yourself like other people." &gt;&gt; Well, if I could look like that, then end up in the tribulation. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. &gt;&gt; If I could do that and end up in the tribulation, he said, "What we need is a cleaning up. &gt;&gt; What we need is a washing out. &gt;&gt; What we need is a scouring out and a sanctifying." Now, how many receives a prophetic warning? &gt;&gt; This is what Brother Bram said. He said, "Let me warn you. Get right with God." &gt;&gt; Isn't that pretty straight? &gt;&gt; Get acquainted with the heavenly things of that spirit. that comes down from heaven, where holiness stands, where the angels of God stand, where Jesus Christ stands at the right hand of the majesty and glory and holiness and power of God. Now listen, listen. You're not an American. &gt;&gt; He said, "You're not a Swedish. You're not a European. You are a Christian. And if you're a Christian, then your spirit is from up there. So it makes you live holy, want to be holy, want to act like Christ, want to act like God. Your whole desire is on heaven and not of the world. Little children, you're not of the world. That's what Jesus prayed for us. He said, "And we turn right back around and put oursel in worldly hookups in there where all kinds of people are taken in." Listen, the Holy Ghost, Amen, sets you out in a separate place. But can I tell you this? Amen. It marks you and the Holy Ghost makes you a different person. Amen. That's why I think sometimes we need to take the pressure off of people and just face the fact they don't have the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; I know that's heavy, but I'm in the word. &gt;&gt; And then there's a time to get saved and there's a time to encourage somebody in their salvation. And somebody that's not saved don't need encouragement. They need saving. And then once you get him saved, then give him some encouragement. Well, glory, it's okay. Amen. Amen. The product of God said, "You're clothed different. You're dressed different." He said, "You don't have to be odd and peculiar and collar turned around in a long ceremony like no, you don't do that." He said, "You dress physically like this, but it's the spiritual dress that counts. The wedding garment has been put on you." Amen. I think any born again Christian is kind of an oddball to the world because you've been changed. Amen. I remember the first time, brother, that set in on my heart, brother Jared. I was about a 9 10 year old boy and there was an old brother bless his heart he's gone on the glory brother Mour and he was from over in South Carolina and he come down there to Happy Valley and they give him microphone and bless his heart he like reminded me of that brother Brand Brand talked about said he got up there and they had to help him and he said I wonder what's wrong with him for even putting him up there and sister Nish I wondered for a minute amen poor old feller he climbed up there and he said let me see what I can sing and he started singing this song I've been to the water and I've been baptized. Amen. I've been changed. He started singing it and I watched the power of God hit him and he danced back and forth across a platform and he was saying, "I've been changed." Amen. I've been changed. Amen. I tell you, you want something to shout about? Let the Holy Ghost change you from the inside out. And he'll make you dance from one side of the bill to the other. And all you can say is, "I have been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been fed. I've been sanctified and filled with the Holy Ghost and fire. Listen, folks. Amen. Heaven lives by the word. That's a direct quote. Amen. Heaven lives by the word. I don't know about you. I don't want to be earthbound. I want to be heavenly minded. &gt;&gt; I want to be heavenly minded. Now, let me just say this to you. A denomination is not the separate place. Denomination is a lodge. It allows you to come unchanged, &gt;&gt; but the separate place is the word. He said, "Now, see, the church is born again, bunch of believers that's in Christ by the Holy Ghost, and they're led by the spirit of the Lord." Now, I believe tonight, folks, this morning that this bride is not going to the judgment. How many agrees &gt;&gt; the bride is not going to the judgment? She has already been judged, brother. So, may I bring this a point? When we are judged by the word, which is Christ, he says, we are chastened. And if we're doing wrong and we're not living up to the world, hey, the word, we're chasened to the Lord. And when the Lord chastens us, that means corrects us that we should not be condemned with the world. Listen. Amen. When when sermons come across and their correction and their reproof and their edification, that's not the time to get all mad. That's not the time to ball up and say, "Well, he's just old school and he's just oldfashioned. He's just some old preacher stuck back in the 70s and no, I wasn't even born in the 70s and the 80s. I was born in 96 if you want to know. But the same gospel in 25 ought to be the same gospel in 96. And if God carries us to 2050, we ought to still be preaching the same thing. We are not of this world. We are of another world. Yes, sir. He said we're to live an outstanding life. I don't know about you, but I want to live an outstanding life. Amen. If you're feeling condemned right now, rebuke that spirit and say, "God loves me enough to cause me to see the error of my ways." Ain't time to get mad at the word. Ain't time to get mad at the preacher. It's time to get mad at the devil that's got you in such a place that you can't back the word of God. Listen, I think it's time to get mad at the devil and say, "Devil, this is the last sermon that I will sit in that you keep me bound. This is the Glory to God. I know what I'm talking about." Amen. Right now, that devil trying to wad you up and tie you up and put you down and put you under some condemnation. Let me tell you this. God loves you and this word is for you. And if God loves you enough to preach this word to you, you ought to say, "Lord, I'm going to kick that devil out of my life. This is the last service I'll sit in that I can't amen the word of God. This is the last day that I'll live under the spirit of condemnation. I refuse to be in this message and to be bound by the God of this evil age. I refuse to be a part of a word born bride and be laid and be bound by leonosian influences. Yes sir. Yes sir. We are of another world. &gt;&gt; Now I got to say it. We're all the time referring to the world, aren't we? Amen. That's of the world or they're in the world. But I I asked brother the question yesterday. I'm sorry. I I study and I asked him when I was studying. No, I wasn't communing with the dead. I was reading the message. What is the world? Fair enough question. What is the world? John 14:19. Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more, &gt;&gt; but ye see me. &gt;&gt; Sister Debbie, there's a world and there's a ye. &gt;&gt; Because I live, ye shall live also. Brother B says what is the world? He always goes to that scripture. He says the Greek word is cosmos which there means the world order. &gt;&gt; The world the unbelievers will see me no more. He said a little while and the unbelievers will see me no more. Yet ye shall see me. How many is thankful for that? &gt;&gt; For I'll be with you to the end of the world. Now watch this. Now what is it? The people who could only see with their natural sight, understanding, with their natural understanding, with their mental thinking, that's the end of Jesus forever for them. My sister Joyce, that's the end of Jesus forever for them until the judgment. So the unbeliever will not see him until they see him in the judgment. He said, "But yet a little while in the world." He said, "Now what is the world? It's the worldly minded." See? Amen. The worldly minded people, church members. My goodness. Did the church members actually see him in that day? No, sir. They never see him in the light of who he was. Oh, they seen his corporal body because they had a sense of sight. Those who couldn't see, he gave them their sight so they could see. But he said, "It'd be better if you was born blind, then you wouldn't have known it." See? Amen. They saw him in the light that he was a human being. That's all they saw of him was he was a human being, but they didn't see him in the light of the son of God. Oh, Grace tabernacle. If God has allowed your eyes, Amen, to see him beyond just the fact that he was a deity 2,000 years ago, but he's allowed you to see him in the present tense reality of who he is in the hour you're living in. You ought to put on your shouting shoes this morning and say, "Thank God, I don't just see him as some deity. I see him as my Lord. I see him as my Savior. I see him as my redeemer. Oh, I'm not going to see him as my judge. The next time I see him, it's going to be when he changes my body. The next time I see him, it's going to be in glory and in power." Hallelujah. What is the world represented there? Any minister knows. Is this okay? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now this might get a little heavy. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; Any minister knows it represents the world order. The regular routine. &gt;&gt; Y'all ready for this? &gt;&gt; Go to work on Monday. Go to church on Sunday. Go to work on Monday. Go back next Sunday. That's the world order. Church of the living God. &gt;&gt; If that's the way you're living, you're living by the world order. &gt;&gt; You say, "Why you say that?" He said, "They shall see me no more." You say, "See me?" Yes, sir. Why? We got eyes. You mean to tell us we're blind, Brother Brandham? Yes, sir. Well, I had my eyesight tested. It's 2020. But you're still blind. He said, "They will see me no more, yet ye shall see me." He said, "That's the elected, the church. Oh, glory to God. You ought to stop right now and raise your hands and thank God that you go to school with people. You work with people that have seen him, but they'll never see him again until they see him in the judgment. But God, who is rich in mercy, has allowed your eyes to see him in the visitation of the revelation of the word of the hour you're living in. Hallelujah. You say, "You lost your mind." I ain't lost my mind. If anybody got a righteous shout, it's somebody who's living and lay out a sea, but they got eyes to see and they got ears to hear and they got a heart to believe and they got a mouth to confess, I am a pilgrim and I am a stranger. I am only dwelling beside natives of this land, but I've come from another world. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are not of this world. Amen. God chose you out. Hallelujah. God chose you out. &gt;&gt; Can I tell you this morning, the world hates you because of God's choice. The world hates you because of God's choice. Man's choice is a lot different than God's choice. Brother said, "Sometimes your choice is not God's choice. Sometimes the church's choice is not God's choice." He said, "But if God hadn't elected you to be a Christian, you would not be a Christian. It's God's choice, not yours." &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. You say, "Preacher, I've been in a bad way. I've been through some bad things. I've been involved in some bad situations." But if God, who is rich in mercy, has allowed you to find yourself in the house of God on a Sunday morning, I don't care how low you are. I don't care how dirty you are. I don't care how bad you are. You ought to break out of that condition this morning and say, "Thank you, Lord, that you love me enough to give me one more chance." Hallelujah. To give me one more chance in this world of spiritual blindness. You say, "Why are you shouting?" Because all they can see is a Sunday morning service and work on Monday and Sunday again on Sunday and Monday again on Monday. But God has allowed me to climb up out of this world into another dimension. Listen, my revival don't stop when service ends. My joy don't stop when I leave the house of God. I've got an artisan well on the inside of my soul. That's why I can change the atmosphere. That's why I can believe in the face of hard times because I am not under the adaption of Leoa and his corrupt values. But I have broken to the realm of the pillar of fire and the log go of God. And when I don't feel like praising, I praise him anyhow. And when I don't feel like shouting, I shout anyhow. And when I don't feel like repenting because I feel justified, I repent anyhow because grace has elected me to see him in the hour that I'm living in. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Satan, I defy you. I despy you. I denounce you this morning in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He elected me. &gt;&gt; He only appears to those who believe him &gt;&gt; and love him. &gt;&gt; Brother Charles, and was elected to see him, &gt;&gt; oh, I got a bunch of quotes on that, but I got to keep going. How could a thorn wake up and be a thistle? Well, I'm just going to quit serving God. How can you &gt;&gt; when you were predestinated to serve him? &gt;&gt; How could the elected keep from seeing it? Because they are elected to see it. &gt;&gt; See, all the father has given me will come &gt;&gt; and none of them can come &gt;&gt; unless he gave them to me before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; Oh my. when their names was put on the lamb's book of life. Not on a church recctor, but on the book. &gt;&gt; Woo! Glory to God, brother Kobe. On the book. What book are you talking about? I'm talking about the lamb's book of life. Well, glory to God, Sister Shakana, that makes me want to shout. Amen. The devil couldn't stop you from coming if his life depended on it because your name is in the lamb's book of life. Come on, church. Amen. I might as well just say it. In an unseen world, in an unseen realm, and that world is more real than this world. Hallelujah. You say, "Preacher, why are you happy?" Because I was elected to see the revelation of the age, which would put me in contact with my theophony. Sister Joyce, why are you still serving God after all you've been through, after all the heartache, after all the battles? Because God, amen, came to Arkansas and found a seed inside the soul of a lady and he quickened that seed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can I say it to you this morning? It's time to cut communication with the things of this world. It's time to cut communication with the things that pull you down and the things that drag you down. It's time to break out into a communion with the Lord and with the supernatural realm. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What got a hold of you, brother Charles? What got a hold of you? Amen. What went over there in California and found you? I tell you what, then it was a revelation. &gt;&gt; Elected predestinated seed. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. We didn't get here by our good works. We didn't pray our way in here, Brother Travis. But God, who is rich in mercy, allowed our path to come in contact with the never failing revelation of the revealed word of the hour. &gt;&gt; Now you say, "Preacher, you're getting out there." Well, I just say this. I am in Leodysa, but I'm not of it. &gt;&gt; I know people get all tied up on this point, but let's just go ahead and let's just go ahead and take the seat belts off and &gt;&gt; let our hair down and kick our shoes off and and just enjoy it for a second. Leotans are Pentecostals and folks, they can't see what you're seeing. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. They can't see beyond a good Sunday morning service. Well, I feel I feel like preaching this morning. They can't see beyond the guitar getting hot and brother Roy the music getting to go 100 miles an hour and the preacher not getting to preach. Amen. They can't see beyond somebody just coming to the altar and speaking in tongues and joining their church and becoming a member of the UPC or the ALJC. They can't see beyond that. But God who is rich in mercy would send an eagle in this hour. Would send an eagle anointing and he would take you beyond just seeing a good Sunday morning. Hallelujah. Can I say this to you? If you never see another Sunday morning, I'll see you in the rapture. If we never see another good meeting, I'll see you in the rapture. Because I am a part of the world that can never perish. I am a part of the world that can never die. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, somebody give him praise. Fill the sanctuary with the praises unto the almighty God. Hallelujah. He is holy. He is holy. He is worthy. He is deserving of all praise, of all honor. [Applause] We are in Leosa, but we are not of Leotaa. Somebody say it with me. We are the bride. &gt;&gt; We are the bride. &gt;&gt; Says we are the bride. &gt;&gt; Therefore, Leoa is not our identification. Can I tell you what a prophet said? He said, "The end of the leotans." Now, folks, that's heavy. &gt;&gt; The end of the leotans. But you know what they're after? They're after the world order. &gt;&gt; And it only goes so far until the judgment. &gt;&gt; I wish I was a preacher this morning. It only goes so far. It only goes as far as they can let it go. The Leotans have an end. But God who is rich in mercy would send the seventh angel in the last days. And sister Barbara, he would turn over to Hebrews 7 and he would begin to preach about Melzdc. He would begin to preach about the kingdom. He would begin to preach about the order of Melzdc. And he would say, "Listen, amen. They might be after the world order." &gt;&gt; Glory to God. I feel like shouting, "They might be after the world order, but not you. But not you. That's why the devil hates you, brother David, is you are not after the world order that ends in judgment. But we are after another order and it is the order of Melzdc. And Paul said it is the power of an endless life. &gt;&gt; The devil is waiting on you to end. The devil is waiting on you to end. David Paul, the devil right now is waiting for you to end, &gt;&gt; Kyle. He's waiting for you to end. But there's a problem. You can't. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Glory to God. You can't. You say, "I can't." Because you never started. You never started. &gt;&gt; Oh, give me some shout room. I never started. I was in the mind of God when the sons of God were shouting for joy. I never started. Therefore, I'll never end. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh God, I know I'm getting loose, but I'm feeling good. I'll never end. I'll never end. I will never end. Brother Joel, when are you going to end? &gt;&gt; David Paul, when are you going to end? Sister Kalissa, when are you going to end? When are you going to end? Destiny Sister Beth, when are you going to end? Sister Lillian, when are you going to end? When are you going to end? When are you going to end praising God? Brother Mark, when are you going to end preaching the word of God and believing the things of God? Come on, young people. When are you going to end? Quit living above Leodysia and living above the things of this world. Oh, I feel like stopping right now and taking a whole new text and calling it I shall never end. I shall never end because I never began. Devil, if you don't like my praise, it's never going to end. If you don't like my believing, it's never going to end. If you don't like Grace Tabernacle, it's never going to end. Cuz one of these days, we're going to break out into a meeting in the air. It's an unending revival. It's an unending world. It's a never perishing dimension. [Applause] We will never end. We will never end. We will never end. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God. We will never end. See, because we're under God's choice. &gt;&gt; Now, can I say it to you like this? &gt;&gt; If you were under your choice, you'd say, "This is as far as I can go." You know that &gt;&gt; if you're under your choice, &gt;&gt; Brother Travis, if you were under your choice, you would say, "Look, this is as far as I can go. But if you're under God's choice, &gt;&gt; you're a man named Moses, and they're slaves of God's children in the mud pits of Egypt." And you know what he says? He says, "Take these children out of the land of Egypt." Oh, God. I'm I'm sorry. I I pray you got time to have a little more church. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; Everybody feeling good this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you enjoying the word? &gt;&gt; Amen. You can go this far, Moses, but you can't take them no farther. Amen. You can go this far. Leave your wife and leave your babies and leave your cattle. Leave those things behind. Amen. You'll have to come back. But see, Moses made his choice by revelation. You say, "Now preacher, you mean to tell me that God is is making my choice for me?" Amen. Brother said this way. He said, "Now look, maybe this morning." He said, "Oh, I'm I'm butchering this part, but just give me grace." He said, "There'll be men and women sitting here that'll make your final choice. You are today what you are because several years ago, you chose to be what you are now." You know why you're not sitting here bitter this morning is because several years ago you chose to forgive. &gt;&gt; You know why you're not sitting here? Amen. Some of you all are not sitting here in the in the wilderness of confusion is because several years ago you made the choice to follow God. And now he says what you choose now will determine what you'll be five years from today. Five years from today, you may be a missionary and you may be a renowned Christian or you may be in hell because you made the wrong decision. Five years from today, you may be cleaning spit tunes in a barroom or you may be a prostitute on the street or you may be a man or woman that's a credit to any society because of your choice for Christ. &gt;&gt; Five years from today, you may be in glory, gone in the rapture because you made your choice today. But you got to choose. Don't look at what you see. Can I Can I say this to you this morning? Don't make your choice by what you see. &gt;&gt; Choose by faith. &gt;&gt; Brother said, "Listen, don't look at the modern things around you, the popularity and the glamour. Choose by faith him that give the promise that someday he will come and will right all wrongs." Come on. Someday all wrongs will be right and will give you eternal life and will raise you up. Listen. Amen. I say this to you this morning. Abraham and Lot had two choices. Amen. Can I say this to you? Amen. Lot Amen. Make your choice. You know what Lot did? He went down to the wellwatered plains of Sodom and he made a choice. And that choice had limitations. &gt;&gt; Oh, is this okay this morning? that choice. Brother David had limitations. Yes, he could be the mayor. Yes, he could be a fine upstanding citizen of Sodom. But look at Abraham. When Lot made his choice, then God said,"Abraham, look up at the sky. Can you number the stars?" &gt;&gt; Oh, God. Brother Jared, can you number the stars? He said, "Look at the seashore. Can you number the grains of sand upon the seashore?" He said, "No." He said, "Then so shall thy seed be." Oh, what are you saying, Brother Andrew? I'm saying this. Amen. I'm turning a corner and somebody say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you still enjoying the word? Amen. Can I say this to you this morning? Brother Brandham come and he introduced to us the idea of two worlds. Somebody say that with me. Two worlds. You know what he would call it? He would call it a dual condition. You know what else he would say? He would say, "You are working in two worlds." Can I say what a prophet said? He said, "You don't realize, friend, what a strain." &gt;&gt; You're living in two worlds at the same time. &gt;&gt; It's in another world. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; You live in two worlds. There's no need of trying to explain it because you just can't explain it. You just have to believe it. Listen, he says you are in a dimension that the world knows nothing about. &gt;&gt; In other words, a vision causes you to be in two worlds at the same time. You're in this world here now, yet you're in another world. Amen. Can I just cut to the chase and say it? You're living in two worlds. &gt;&gt; You're here and then you're in another world. Are you ready for this? And you can't help that. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Jesus. You say, "Why are you like you are? I'm sorry. I can't help it. I can't help it." Somebody say, "Why can't you stay depressed?" Because I'm in another world. And the reality of the joy of that world is more real than the depression in this world. Somebody say, "Why can't you stay sick?" because I'm in another world and the reality of the atonement of divine healing in that other world is more real. Somebody just go ahead and say, "I can't help it. I can't help it. I'm not ashamed of it. I can't help it. I'm sorry if you don't like me coming around. I'm sorry if you don't like the joy I bring. I'm sorry if you don't like the atmosphere that I bring. I can't help it. I'm under the influence of another world and it's more real than this world. Can I preach this morning? Amen. Why are we still shouting in the face of World War II? Because we've already heard from another world. And that other world said, "Before one bomb ever strikes this land, you'll be seated at the marriage supper of the lamb." Some of you all have been through bitter losses. You've buried loved ones and babies and friends and family in the ground, but you're still here in the house of God with your hands up in the air. You know why? Because you're under the influence of another world. And that world says, "Some morning between 6:00 and 9 when I'm standing there getting ready, my loved ones are going to appear. Am I a crazy man? Am I crazy for believing this? Am I crazy for believing this? I say, "No, I was born to believe it." &gt;&gt; And so are you. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You can't help what you believe. You was born to believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I got to say it. I got to say it very plainly this morning. Thank God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. If I was in a lodge this morning, we'd already be at &gt;&gt; some restaurant. But I'm not in a lodge this morning. I'm in heavenly places. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm not in a denominational gathering this morning. I'm in the gathering of eagles. &gt;&gt; Christ and the angels are here. Christ is here. &gt;&gt; What if I told you the angels? Amen. I I don't I'm not a crazy man prone to fanatics, but I'll just say it this morning. God bless you all that's streaming. I believe this same atmosphere right now can be in your homes. &gt;&gt; Christ and the angels are here and they have the ability to influence us. But can I just say it, brother John? But thank God we have something in us to respond. If you got the Holy Spirit in you, then you're a candidate for association with the unseen world &gt;&gt; and the supernatural. &gt;&gt; No wonder people can't believe those things. They've never come in contact. &gt;&gt; Can I bring this down? &gt;&gt; They got nothing in here &gt;&gt; to believe with. &gt;&gt; Can I just say it? &gt;&gt; We should never have dead services in Grace Tabernacle. We should never have services where we allow the things of this world &gt;&gt; on it &gt;&gt; to put a spirit of heaviness upon our praise and to put a spirit of heaviness upon our thanksgiving. Listen, when the Holy Spirit comes in the heart, quickly you become being a two-fold being. &gt;&gt; One of the earth to die and one of the heaven to live. In his body, he's still subject to death. But in his soul, &gt;&gt; brother Emanuel, in your soul, you have passed from death unto life. In his body, he has contact with his five senses. But in his spirit, he has a contact with God through the Holy Ghost. And the angels of God visits them. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, church, I'll just say it to you. I'm sorry. I I don't mean to get open here this morning, but I'm just going to get open. In our darkest of hours, in our darkest of trials, Amen. God still has angels. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I don't mean to get too open here, but I'm just going to say it because I feel to testify of the never failing goodness of God. Amen. The other the other day we were there and just got home and Malachi fell and we took him down there to Jonesber and had him checked out and they said he had broke his leg and they said you got to take him down here to Memphis and and you parents know amen that whirlwind of emotions and things that happened. Amen. And we're sitting there and and I'm thinking dear Lord and and you know sometimes God bless them but you know doctors they just sometimes say things that really you know don't calm the emotions but they're good people. They're just doing their job right. Amen. And the doctors and said, "Lad, you're going have to hurry and get down there and I don't know how and you know and all this." And I'm sitting there thinking and so they come in and said, "Well, you're going have to take him by ambulance." And and you know, you may think I'm crazy this morning, but I can't help it. I can't help it. I'm more in contact with that world &gt;&gt; than I am with this world. And when things go wrong in this world, brother Tim, I say, "Thank God, I've got a direct communication to another world. So the doctor said, "Well, the EMS is going to come and get him." And God is my witness. I'm sitting there and we're thinking and all of a sudden the paramedics walked in and I know people going to think I'm crazy, but it's nothing new. Amen. The paramedics walked in and I looked up and God is my witness. There was a man stepped in that room and he looked like he literally looked like Billy Paul Brandham just stepped right in that room. I have never seen a man that looked more like Billy Paul than I saw that man look that night. And when he stepped in there, amen, just the kindest spirit and the sweetest spirit. And we're riding down the road there to Memphis and I'm just thinking and brother Matt had called was praying and all of a sudden I looked over and I said, "God, they're going to think I'm crazy, but I just got to say it." I said, "Sir, can I tell you something?" And he said, "What do you mean?" I said, "Well, I want to tell you, you look like somebody that's very special to me." He said, "Who would that be?" Amen. And before I could say it, you know what he said? He stopped me. He said, "Let me ask you something." He said, 'You a Christian, aren't you? I said, 'Yes, sir. He said, ' Do you believe in angels? He said, ' Do you believe? Now, you can laugh at this and make fun of it if you want to, but I thank God for it. He said, "Do you believe in angels?" I said, "I do." Amen. I said, "Let me tell you something. The man I'm getting ready to tell you you look like." Amen. Mess the angel of the Lord. And he said, "Young boy." And I said, "Sir, his name is Billy Paul Brandom." And I turned the picture around. You know what he said? He said, "I can't believe that I got a twin." I said, "His name is Billy Paul Brandon." He said, "Sir, my name's Billy." Now listen, you make out of that whatever you want to, but as for me and my house, I'm going to say it like Brother Wayne Lawson said, "I still believe in angelic intervention in humanistic affairs." And I want to say to you this morning, church, I don't know what you're going through. I don't know what you're facing. I don't know what tomorrow holds. I don't know what yesterday held. I don't know what next week holds. But may I say it to you and may I say it with everything within me. No matter what tomorrow holds, remember you're of another world. Remember, you have contact to another dimension. And when everything looks like it's time to give up, that other dimension says, "Give it all you got." It's real. It's real. Amen. Amen. Then I Oh, glory to God. &gt;&gt; It's real. &gt;&gt; It's real. Amen. Amen. If you would if you would get beyond the humanistic realm right now, you would see there's a whole realm of angelic beings in this building right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I know I'm going over, but I feel like punching that devil square in the face. You know what I think it's time to do for a Grace Tabernacle? I think it's time to forget all the little social under misunderstandings and forget all little ill feelings and forget all the little he said she said that they think it's time to forget it all and realize there's a realm here that's more real than the realm of unforgiveness and bitterness that's holding you back. Hey. Amen. I'm going to say it. Amen. Amen. We got down there and I know people think I'm crazy. Amen. But God sent two more angels in the form of Sister Lori and Sister Cindy in there. Amen. I tell you folks, Amen. I know you think we're crazy, but this is real to me. And if it would become real to you, then the house of God and the things of God would no longer be a joke. It would no longer be a little haha. It would be dear God, this is a realm of another world. This is human beings possessed with a dimension of reality. and they're here to help. Listen, let me say it to you this and I'll say it and I'm done. That world is more real than this world. &gt;&gt; Let me say it to you. And there's no end to it. &gt;&gt; There's no end to it. I got a whole sermon here, but I'm just going to get right here and I'm going to just close by saying this. That realm is real. I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; And when that realm, brother one, comes into that redeemed flesh, &gt;&gt; that realm has more authority to this realm. &gt;&gt; You're a witness of it, aren't you, sister? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Sister Sandy, I'm not a crazy man. Brother Jim could be walking the streets right now. &gt;&gt; You say, "Oh, you lost your mind." No, I haven't. That realm is more real than this realm. Haven, that realm is more real. You say, "Brother Andrew, it's too far away." No. When that realm comes into that flesh, come on. How did Brother Bam stand there in a in a 16 element? Are you still enjoying the word? &gt;&gt; How did Brother Brandham stay there in that 16 element realm and stand there as a frail human being and stand there, brother Joel, and say these words for the glory of God and in the name of Jesus Christ. I take every spirit. &gt;&gt; I take every spirit in this building under my control for the glory of God and to help the people. Amen. &gt;&gt; God, I wish I as a preacher there was something between them. &gt;&gt; There was something between those realms that didn't want you to make contact with it. &gt;&gt; Can I just say it? When you come in here and you're depressed, there's something between you and that realm. It's called depression. And it don't want you to reach out because that devil knows. If you just make contact, &gt;&gt; if you just make contact with that realm, then there begins to come a charge into this flesh. And you said, "I'm going to give up." And you said, "I'm going to quit." And you said, "I made too many mistakes, and I'm too much of a failure." And you're sitting there, but then you start receiving charge after charge. Listen, this ain't good energy, and it ain't good vibes. It's called the Holy Ghost. You start receiving, Amen. charge after charge of the Holy Ghost. And something raises up in you and says, "I've already made it. I'm already made it. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. That realm &gt;&gt; is real &gt;&gt; and it's in you this morning. Subdue that devil. Subdue that spirit right now. Subdue it right now. Say, "In the name of Jesus Christ, I take every spirit." Come on. In the name of Jesus Christ, I take every spirit under my control for the glory of God. This is the last day. Satan, you will control me. &gt;&gt; I'm in your world, but I'm not of it. &gt;&gt; Let our musicians come this morning. There's a realm, and it's real. It's real right now. It's right here in this building. Listen, how many says, "Lord, I want to entertain that dimension. I want to entertain that world more than this world. &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, when a believer dies, it's over." I'm sorry. I beg to differ with you. &gt;&gt; I beg to differ with you. I beg to differ with you this morning. How many knows brother Homer Longora, his wife Sister Margie laying there several I think nearly I think this year was next year will be 10 years laying there on her on her sick bed and and she was passing such a presence of the Lord in that room and the testimony come like this. She's laying there and she looks over at brother I believe it was brother Homer and and she says, "Oh, there's Daniel Williams." Come on, folks. Anybody ever heard of Brother Danny Williams died years ago, she said, "Holr, I believe that's what he said it. God bless you, brother Homer, if you hear this and I'm wrong, correct me, but said, brother said, Homer, there's Daniel Williams." And said, He's still got his sense of humor. Just because you can't see it don't mean it's not happening. It's real this morning. It's right here in this building this morning. You know what a prophet of God said? He said these words right here. He said, "That's why you feel this strange call. You feel this strange pull to go to that world because it's real and it's more real than this world. I wonder this morning with every heart open before the Lord. I wonder how many could say, "Holy Spirit, come by my heart today [Music] and disassociate me with everything that's unlike that world. Lord, if there's static in our communication by my way this morning, clear up the static. Brother David, you're a witness this morning. Amen. How do we know that right now in another dimension, maybe just right, not not even on the other side of that wall, Brother Howard be standing. Your mom and daddy standing right there. They say, "Oh, preacher, you're just pulling heartstrings." No, I'm preaching the reality of this word. I've got a witness in this building today. There's a dimension here. It's real, brother Joel. It's more real than the truck you drive. It's more real than the clothes you wear. It's another world. What about it, young man? How many say, "Lord, thank you for choosing me out of the millions to see this word." Out of the millions of young ladies, God chose you young ladies to see this revelation. [Music] With every head bowed, every eye closed this morning. Hearts are open this morning. The spirit of God is moving across this building today. There's a real There's a real reality. There's a real reality here this morning. Oh my. I think of many that's gone on here that we've known through the years. I can't help but believe they're standing right here in this building this morning in another dimension. It's more real than this one. I I wonder today if there be somebody here say, "Lord, sanctify me all over again today. Lord, scour me out all over again today. Lord, I'm sorry for the things I've allowed to come between me and you. Lord, I'm sorry for the things that I've allowed to interrupt my communication with that other world. Lord, I'm asking you this morning to forgive me. Lord, I've adapted to values and I've become more of a conformist than I have become a purposeful living person. I've I've I've I've I've laid down somewhere. But today, Lord, I'm asking you. Come by my way today, Lord. Maybe there's something you're holding on to and and you need to let it go. This morning, I want to ask you today, what choice will you make? Will you choose the influence of this world or will you choose the influence of another world? See, if there's something you need to make right between you and someone else, what would keep that between you is the influence of this world. But if you get in the influence of that world, it's a world of forgiveness. And it's a world of unity and peace. And you would say, "Lord, I want to I want to let it go this morning. I want I want my communication restored." God bless you there, brother. He sees you. God bless you, sis. God bless you there. God bless you in the back there, sis. Some have slipped up to their feet. Some are just opening their hearts there. this morning. The Holy Spirit just sweeping across the building right now. Oh, open my heart this morning. In that world, there's no anxiety. In that world, there's no nervousness. In that world, there's no unrest, unsettled feelings. It's a world of peace. It's a world of love. It's a world of love. It's a world of power. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. This morning, as we open our hearts in prayer, would you join with me? Almighty God, Father, we come before you today in this sanctuary. Lord, we broke out of the realm of this world today, Father. Lord, I'm so glad to be identified with associates of another world. Lord, we're in this world, but Lord, we're not of this world. Father, we're in Leosa, but we're not of Leosa. Lord, we're in time, but we're not of time. Father, we have stepped from eternity into time. And your prophet said, "When the trials and testings of this life are over, we'll step back out of time into eternity." And Lord, this morning, I know the devil is doing everything he can to interrupt the communication of this people and that other world because when that other world comes into this world, into this flesh, into this earth, Lord, their body is of this earth. Lord, at one time we belong to this world. By our first birth, we belong to this world. We were born in sin, shape, and iniquity. We come in the world speaking lies. But oh, there was another birth. Hallelujah. There was a second birth of the water and the blood and the spirit. And Lord, that blood would break the curse of our first birth. Lord, the power of that birth would break the strongholds of our first birth. Lord, every spirit, every every stronghold of the enemy that had us tied down to this world, Lord, that spirit broke the cords of it, Father. And Lord, this morning we can boldly profess we do not belong to this world. We do not belong to Leosa, Lord. Just as you sent Moses into Egypt, he did not belong to Egypt, Lord. He belonged to you. He was a part of the covenant, Father. And Lord, I pray this morning that every one of my brothers and sisters here today, Lord, as they have set so tentatively to your word, and Lord, if they have so pulled this morning and open up channels in the realities of your word, I'm asking this morning, dear God, may you come by every heart today, Father. And Lord, may you restore the communication to that other world. Lord, if there be one here today that's let the world and popularity overpurpose get between them. Father, may they shake it today, dear God. Lord, if something of corruption of this age has come into their lives, Lord, as I was just sitting there meditating yesterday in my office and thinking upon these things, I begin to think how that we are in the world and we have to do things the world does, but we don't do it like the world does it. Father, we have to walk in the world, but we don't walk like the world. We have to talk in this world, but we don't talk like the world. Father, we have to dress in this world, but Lord, we don't dress like the world. Father, I remember as a young man, Lord, when when the pull of the world and the pressure of of school and friends, Lord, to become a part of things, dear God. And Lord, you know my heart. I remember that stand, that taken, Lord. Father, as a young man, they were pressuring me to play a certain sport there in school and said, "Just wear shorts. It's no big deal. Just do it." And Lord, as a young man, you had called me to preach this word. And Father, you know the choice I had to make. Lord, I chose to take that time and put it in your word and study. Father, yes, Lord, there was reproach. And yes, Lord, there was a lot of making fun of, but Lord, I thank you today, dear God, because today, Lord, I stand here, Amen, reaping the benefits of that choice, Lord. Father, you gave me a Holy Ghost filled wife, and you've given me two babies, Lord, and your grace has been upon my life, Father. Lord, you give me a church here and a pastor and a family, Lord, and and and and and friends around the world, Lord. I thank you for it today, God, that choice. Now, Lord, maybe someone sitting here today, dear God, in this valley of decision, they got to make a choice, Father. Lord, may they make the choice of the word today, Lord, and five years from now or 10 years they reap the benefits of it. Dear God, come here as a reflection, a reflection of another world. In Jesus name I pray. In Jesus name I pray. I don't normally do this, but with every head bowed, every eye closed, I want to ask you to open your heart this morning, and I want to ask you to begin to use your voice in the sanctuary. And I want you to begin to pierce the atmosphere of unbelief around you. I want you to pierce the atmosphere of doubt. And I want you to pierce that atmosphere of nervousness right now with your own voice. And I want you to begin to thank God. I want maybe you want to stand up on your feet and raise your hands. That's fine. I want you to begin to worship the Lord all over this sanctuary. I want you to begin to magnify him. You say, "Preacher, you don't know what I've done this week and you don't know where I've been and you don't know what I've been involved in. I don't care about it this morning. Brother Andrew, I'm not worthy to open my voice. I'm not worthy to praise. We're not praising you this morning. I wonder would there be someone could say, "Lord, I thank you. I thank you for opening my eyes to this word. Lord, I thank you for the revelation that's come into my life. Lord, I thank you that I can see these things and I thank you I can hear these things. Lord, I wonder Grace Tabernacle." Could we open our hearts before God this morning and say, "Lord, I thank you for a church that preaches this message." And Lord, I thank you for eagles that gather here service after service. And when the word goes forth, there's something in their hearts to say, "Amen. I believe and I respond to it." Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. This morning, we ought to give him thanksgiving this morning. I think we ought to just open up our hearts and just allegiance to God all over again this morning. I love you, Lord. Maybe you're here this morning in a dark trial. I say there's an unseen world here to minister to you this morning. Maybe you're here and you're at a junction. You don't know which way to turn. You don't know where to go. I'm telling you this morning. Amen. Believe me. Believe the word I'm saying. Let it go this morning and begin to praise God. Oh, begin to worship the Lord this morning. Begin to thank the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe the word has corrected you this morning. And maybe maybe the word has shown you somewhere in your life that that the worldly influence has come and and maybe maybe you've gotten in the world order this morning somehow. You just go to church on Sunday and that's the only time you come. You don't come on Wednesdays. You don't come to prayer. You don't come to sing. You don't come to worship. You just come to church and then you go to work on Monday and you come back next Sunday. But would you believe me if I told you you were born to break that order this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say, Lord, I want to break out of this world order today. I want to break out of it in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. [Music] Oh, &gt;&gt; sing it this morning. &gt;&gt; I believe the Holy Ghost is here this morning. [Music] I believe he's dealing with hearts this morning. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lord, I thank you. You called me out of this world. &gt;&gt; Lord, don't ever let me get satisfied in it, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, don't ever let me get comfortable in this world. &gt;&gt; Oh, I do not know just how He came to love me so. Oh, but he looked beyond [Music] all my faults and he saw my needs. [Music] And I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary. Oh, to the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How long will [Music] the grace that call my falling soul? Oh, he loves me all my voice and he saw mine. Oh, second a verse now. Oh, it was God's grace that brought me out of darkness. [Applause] Oh, &gt;&gt; I wonder how many could help me worship him today. &gt;&gt; How many can just raise your hands in his presence today where I can &gt;&gt; Oh, I can clearly see, &gt;&gt; brother Morgan. We can clearly see today. Hallelujah. I'll shout it from the mountains. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll shout it from the valleys. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. [Music] My heart and he saw my seed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I shall forever live my life to that other world where I cross. Hallelujah. The crossing [Music] brother playing music. Seek it believers this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] The grace that my holy soul behold all my heart and his soul. All sing that second now. Hallelujah. It was God's grace. &gt;&gt; Yes, it was that brought me out of dark. How many thanks him for that grace this morning into the light? Oh, where I can clear clear clearly see. I can see who I am in the word. &gt;&gt; Oh, you shout. &gt;&gt; I can see that I'm from another world. &gt;&gt; Glory. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he looked beyond all my faults, all my failures this morning and saw my need. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I shall glory. Oh, thank God you can do it this morning. Thank God you can look away to Jesus this morning. Thank God you got eyes to do it with this morning. Thank God you got eyes to see him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh yes. All my faults and soul. Oh, I shall forever heart and I shall forever [Music] live my life to God. Glory, hallelujah to you. The cross where my Jesus died for me. How marvelous, how wonderful the grace that caught my falling soul. He looked beyond [Music] all my thoughts and saw my need. Oh, how many could raise your spiritual antennas this morning all over the building? You can just say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord." Amen. I I know maybe some of you sitting here this morning and you say, "Brother Andrew, I don't understand these things. I don't have a clue about these things." Maybe some of you are just starting your walk in the Lord. But what if I told you this morning, gravitation holds your arms down. But a prophet said, "When you raise your hands, you break gravitation." And you raise your hands and and you say, "Lord, I thank you. Lord, I love you." Amen. Oh, I think it's just a spirit of thanksgiving in the building today. Lord, I thank you for allowing me to see these things. I thank you. I was elected to see it. Many people can look at the cross of Calvary today, brother, and they can't see what you see. They can look at it, Brother Travis, and they see it as 2,000 years ago where as a historical happening, but there's a people on the earth today that says that one that was on the cross is the one that went to hell so I didn't have to go. And then that's the one who rose on that third day. And that's the one that's in my heart today. And he's the one that's bringing everything subject to this word. Hallelujah. What do you got on your heart this morning? &gt;&gt; Y'all got time to worship the Lord this morning? If anyone needs prayer, we're here to pray for you. &gt;&gt; I challenge you this morning, just close your eyes. Forget about who's around you. &gt;&gt; Just raise your hands. Just you showing the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Oh no. &gt;&gt; Oh no. No saying goodbyes. Will there be spoken? And I won't [Applause] [Music] sing it now for you. [Music] Oh, I'm longing for you. Oh, handsome [Music] I'll stand and there my oh shall be eternal. Oh, the land sweet. [Music] I'm looking at [Music] oh across that river [Music] to where my f [Music] inside. Oh, it's just a few more days now. There's just a few. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and then I'll take my heavenly fly. Oh, you're longing for it today. Oh, the lamb. [Music] [Applause] I'm longing for you. Oh yes. Oh, I'll sing. Oh, there I shall be eternal. Yes. Beautiful. [Music] Sweet. Oh, I'm looking now. You see I'm looking now. Oh, across sad river. to where my faith it's going to end inside. Oh, there's just a few days to labor [Music] and they take my heavenly fly. the L. [Music] How long for you? Oh, someday [Music] only I'll sing [Music] my home shall be eternal. Oh, oh, sweet. Oh, sing it once more now. you the lamb. Oh, you the lamb. Oh, I'm going for you. And someday [Music] on thee I'll say [Music] my home shall be eternal to the Lord. [Music] Sweet beauty. Oh, &gt;&gt; can we sing that without music this morning all together? &gt;&gt; Oh, beautiful. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's so beautiful this morning. &gt;&gt; Oh, that land beyond the river. &gt;&gt; It's real. Someday [Music] on thee I stand there. My home shall be eternal. The Let's sing it one more time. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. I'm going for you and someday [Music] on thee I'll stand there my hope shall be eternal. Eternal [Music] [Music] sweet. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How many can say this morning, it's real. It's real. Almighty God, as your presence has been so rich among us and is still so rich, Lord, as the influence of that other dimension has come into this world through the preaching of the message of the hour, through the hearts of your elected believers seeing the things that you elected them to see. Lord, as we take these things into our hearts and Lord, as we feed upon them in the days to come, Father, I know the world right now is dark and it's bleak and you can't turn on the news without it being bad news, but oh, I'm so thankful this morning that we've heard the good news. I'm so thankful this morning for your grace that is so filled this place this morning. Now, Father, I pray today, Lord, that these believers under the sound of my voice will leave this sanctuary today, dear God, with the strongest connection. Hallelujah. With the strongest connection to that other world, and other dimension that they've ever had in their lives. Father, may they go home and begin to listen to sermons like things that are to be, future home, the rapture. Oh, may they begin to hear those things. And father, as they begin to hear those things and they begin to hear your prophet teach those things, Lord, it just strengthens that communication. Lord, it just strengthens that connection. Lord, it just causes that yearning in our souls to grow stronger for that land. Lord, it'll cause us, Lord, the more we hear about that land and that world, the more easier it is to give up things of this world. Now, Father, I pray a special blessing upon every believer here. Father, may you watch over our pastor while he's away. May you bring him back home safely to the flock. Lord, you see the meetings we have coming in just a few short weeks, Lord. Father, I pray that this anointing in this atmosphere, Lord, that we feel here this morning will just continually grow and become stronger and greater, Lord. Father, in these meetings, Lord, of believers coming together, Lord, I pray the power of God would move as never before. Father, may we begin to set ourselves aside, dear God, and focus on that other world to come into these meetings and minister, Lord. Now, Father, I pray you bless every believer here today. I thank you for them. I thank you for their testimony, Lord. I thank you for their witness, Lord, be with Brother Joel there, ministering in Manchester today. Bring him home safely to the church and his family, Lord. Father, all the men of God in this assembly. May you bless and bless their ministries. I pray in Jesus name. in Jesus name. My how do you end a service like this? There's no end to it because there's no end to us. Amen. Brother Wesley, there's no end to us. We're going all the way. Do you love him today? &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to say God bless you all. Amen. We love you. The love of the Lord, Brother Roy, Sister Judy, good to have you here this morning. Good to see you. We love Brother Roy and Sister Judy. Amen. Amen. I'll say pillars in this community for this message and we say God richly bless you all. Amen. All the other visitors, God bless you. Thank you for being in our gates today. Again, I just want to say from the bottom of my heart, I thank this church for all you've done for our family. Brother Matt, Sister Sarah, taking care of little man for a few days there for us and brother Xavier, Sister Jordan, Sister Destiny coming and staying. All all the meals, all the cooking, everything you've done for us. I feel like I'm leaving somebody out. So, from the bottom of my heart today, I say thank you. Amen. Thank you for all you've done for us. We love you the love of the Lord. Amen. How many say I'll see you in the rapture? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many will go home this week and feed on that other world? &gt;&gt; I wonder how many just say, "I'm not I'm not trying to put you on the spot, but how many say this week, I'm going to listen to things that are to be. I'm gonna listen to future home. I'm going to listen to the sermon, the rapture." Amen. I challenge you. Listen to that in order. future home, the rapture, things that are to be. Oh, it'll make you so sick of this world. Brother John, you're ready to go to that world. Amen. We love you this morning with the love of God. Why don't you turn and shake somebody's hand as you're dismissed this morning? Go in the fear of God. Amen. Until Wednesday night, may God richly bless you be our prayer. my [Music] turn. Oh yes. I want to [Music] I stayed along with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh, I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. And I've got my mind made up. And I won't turn back because I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I won't see my Jesus someday. So goodbye world. Yes, I stay no longer with you. Goodbye treasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh, I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my Oh, goodbye world. Goodbye world. Yes, I stay no longer with you. Goodbye. Pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Oh, I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Got my mind made up and I won't turn
