################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - 04-16-2025  Mark Morse - Mark Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-16
Title:   04-16-2025 || Mark Morse
Speaker: Mark Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9dVz8bV7Bc
========================================

Fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. Sing it again to him this evening. Oh, and welcome, Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Live inside of your living water. Oh, for you're the living water, my never drying fountain. Oh, comforter and counelor. Oh, take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. For we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Oh, you're the living water. Oh, for you're the living water, my never drying fountain. Oh comforter and counselor, take complete control. Oh welcome, Holy Spirit. For we are in your presence, Lord. Fill us with your power. Live inside. Amen. at your prayer this evening and pour your spirit out on me. Let all I graate my thirsty soul come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Fill my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Sing it again to him. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now. Pour your I'll sing that chorus once more as a prayer this evening. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Let it fall, I gra. Lord, saturate my thirsty soul. Come fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Lord, I need you now. Oh, your spirit. I mean, how is that your desire that he would just come and give us a fresh anointing once more through the ministering of the word? He would just strengthen us, encourage us to keep pressing this battle. It's good to have brother Joe back with us. I know he's away with brother the Bryce Collins there in Oklahoma. Good to have him home. Just remember brother Andrew. He said he's at brother Josh Bennett tonight. So, just keep him in prayer. Continue to remember sister Lee as she recovers. Amen. Brother Joe, will you open a word of prayer? [Music] [Music] Amen. You may have your seats this evening. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, as I journey through the land, a singing as I go, I'm pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. And many arrows pierce my soul from without. Oh, but my Lord leads me on. Through him I must swing. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. When in service for my Lord dark may be the night. Oh but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me life and Satan snares may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead. Please would every time. And know I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. or cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. When in valleys low I look and behold my savior there in the five. Oh with a tender hand I'll stretch for the valley low. He's guiding me. I can see as I onward go and oh I want to see him look upon his face for the air to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all past home at last ever to rejoice. And when before me billows rise from the mighty deep, oh then my Lord directs my bark, he does safely keep. Oh, and he leads me gently on through this world below. For he's a real friend to me. And oh, I love him so. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass my life. I'll sing that last verse again. And when before me billows rise from the mighty deed. Oh then my lord directs my bar. He does save the king. Oh, and he leads me gently on through this world below. For he's a real friend to me. And oh, I love him so. And oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Oh, there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let my voice cares all pass. Home at last ever to rejoice and oh I want to see him look upon his face. Oh there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass at last ever to be joy. Amen. Let's sing a song by and by when the morning comes. Hallelujah. Oh, by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story. Boy, we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, we are often tossed and driven on the restless sea of time. Somber skies and how campus off succeeded bright sunshine in that land of perfect day. When the mids have rolled away, we will understand it better by and by. Yes, by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, we are often destitute of the things that life demands. One of food and one of shelter, thirsty hills, barren land. But we're trusting in the Lord. And according to his word, we will understand it better by and by. Yes. By and by, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, trials are on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways. Oh, God will lead us to that blessed promised land. But he'll guide us with his eye and we'll follow till we rise and we'll understand it better by and by. Yes. By and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, temptations, hidden stars often make us unaware, and our hearts are made to bleed for many aless word or deed. And we wonder why the test when we try to do our best, but we'll understand it. Amen. Let's all stand as the brothers come by and by when that morning comes. When all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Amen. Brother Phil, will you go ahead and pray with the offer? [Music] [Music] Put this one in. Brother Tim, can you put up I feel like traveling [Music] on. We don't got no drummers tonight, so y'all got to help out with the clapping tonight. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Oh, no pain nor death can enter there. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on for my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Oh, it's glittering towers, the sun out shine. I feel like traveling on. Oh, for that heavenly manion shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. So let others see a home below. I feel like traveling on with flames devour or waves or flow. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling. Oh. Yes, I feel like traveling on for my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling. Oh, can you sing this to him? The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on. Yes. Until that blessing. Oh, I see. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. Oh my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like Oh, sing that verse once more. Oh, for the Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, until that blessing. Oh, I see. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling on. Oh, for my heavenly home is bright and fair. Oh, sing that course again as brother Bry and sister never come. Oh yes, I feel like traveling home. Yes, I feel like traveling home. Oh, my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. [Music] In my robe of wine, I will fly away to that land so fair. Meet my Jesus there. It will be so grand when I get to that land in my robe of white. I will fly away. First I'll hear the trumpet sound. All the saints will be heaven bound. We will cross over Jordan wide. Stop and hear the other side. There I'll see those holy hills and my man shown as built. I'll be the first one in the line. Go see my name in the book of life. In my robe of wine, I will fly away to that lamb so clear. In my Jesus there, it will be so grand. When I get to that lamb, my robe of light, I will fly away. Well, it's going to be a wonderful time when I get to the other side. See my love ones gone before. We'll depart from them no more. We'll be walking on streets of gold. Surrounded by riches onto when I first look on Jesus face. I know I've been saved by his amazing grace. In my robe of white, I will fly away to that land. So fair. Meet my Jesus. There it will be so grand when I get to that land. In my robe of white, I will fly away. In my robe of white, I will fly away to that land so fair. In my Jesus, there will be so grand when I get to that land. In my robe of white, I will fly away. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many you ready? Longing for that day. When they sing that song, I'm getting ready to leave this world. That song just came to me as we're getting ready as they're singing that song. How many you longing for home this evening? Well, I'm laying up my treasures in that home above. I'm trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love. I'm doing what I can for that heaven be done. And I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready for those gigs of pearls. I'm keeping my record, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, when he first you try, I his love can trace. I'm sure that up in heaven I shall find a place. For I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready for those games of world. I'm keeping my record right. watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, to prepare a mansion, Jesus said I'll go and if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. And I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those games of world. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." Oh, if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. Then I'm getting ready. Let's all stand this evening. Oh, for I'm getting ready now to leave this world. Oh, I can [Applause] get to leave this world well to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." If it were not true, he would have told me so. Just a little while to linger here below. But I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready to leave this world of sorrow. I'm getting ready for the gates of world. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm keeping my record right. watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. I mean, say amen to that. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Amen. I'm just making my preparation for the other side. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? And how many say it's good to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Just expecting God to do great things. Amen. Certainly appreciate all that the Lord has done for us. Can we sing this song? The joy that I have. Do you know how to start somewhere? We'll make it up. With this joy that I had, the world didn't give it to me. I say this joy that I had. The world didn't give it to me. Well, this joy that I had, the world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. I know this peace that I had. This old world didn't give it to me. I say this peace that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Well, this peace that I have, no, the world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. For I know all the strength that I have. This whole world didn't give it to me. Well, the strength that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Well, this strength that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. Can you say this joy? I know this joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. I say this joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. Well, this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Where the world didn't give it, the world can't take it away. I say this joy that I have. Amen. Won't you just get out of your seat tonight and go welcome somebody in the house of the Lord. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. I say this joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. I know the revelation that I have. This world didn't give it to me. The revelation that I have, this world didn't give it to me. The revelation that I have. No, this world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. Amen. How many's filled with joy tonight? Joy unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. It's just good to be in the house of the Lord on a Wednesday night and we just certainly love the Lord. Sure good to see everybody and and I know the brothers been out here working on the fellowship hall and stuff all day and kind of took off enough time to to get ready and and come to church. So, we just just appreciate everybody for coming and and uh I love Wednesday night services. It just seems like you can let your hair down a little bit, just have church. So, you you ain't got to hold nothing back on our account. Amen. We just love the Lord. So, we have some prayer requests. Just want to remember says, "Please pray for Carly Smith's grandparents are in ICU. Also uh for my nephew Caleb has been having surgeries and in down in Texas. My sister has him down there. Just ask the Lord to continue to touch him. Also unspoken request for uh Sister Samantha and we just remember her in prayer her need tonight. And if you have a need on your heart, maybe just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God knows what we have need of and I believe that he's more than able. Brother, do you mind to come and pray over these requests tonight? Most gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you this this evening, Lord. Father, you said if thou canst believe, all things are possible. Lord, Father, and we come before you this evening, Lord Jesus, we've gathered around, Lord God, because you've drawn us here, Lord, to hear from your word that our faith, Lord God, would come to a place that we could receive every promise, Lord, that you've placed in the word for your bride, Lord Jesus. Father, and I pray that our ears are attentive, Lord, to what you've prepared for us this evening, Father God. Lord, and you'd bless Brother Matt, Lord God, as he delivers it, Lord. Father God, that you'd use him mightily, Lord God, that our hearts would burn within us, Lord, as the word comes forth, Lord. Lord, bring us into a place, Lord, so close to you, Father God, that there's no more room for self, Lord. Father God, let there be such a love in our hearts for one another, Lord, that it breaks every feder, Lord. Father, I'm asking it, Lord. Bless every one of these requests. You know them by name, Lord Jesus. For I believe that sons and daughters of God have brought them to your attention, Lord, and you are mindful of each one, Lord. So I ask you to go out to each one that is in need, Father, that you meet their need according to your riches and glory, according to the promises of your word in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Just get ready. We're going to invite brother Mark to come out tonight. Amen. Can you sing Let's Talk about Jesus. Let's talk about [Music] Jesus. King of kings is he. The Lord of lords supreme throughout eternity, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Well, let's talk about Jesus. The King of Kings is he, the Lord of Lords, Supreme throughout eternity. The great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Oh, isn't he wonderful, wonderful, wonderful? Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Well, eyes have seen, ears have heard. It's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Is our brother thanks. Well, isn't he wonderful? Wonderful, wonderful, isn't Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. Well, eyes have seen, ears have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? [Music] Wonderful. Well, I sought the Lord and he answered me. He delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radian. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. So magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Come and his name forever. Oh, yes the Lord. Every day and night, evering praise, they are in sense right. Let us bless the Lord every day and [Music] night. The father alone with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Amen. Do you love the Lord this evening? Amen. And we was talking uh Sunday I got uh brother Matt he was was preaching on the blessings of the Lord but before the service I was just reading and come across it when it talks about Joo and how that he looked up and he they were looking out the window and he was looking up in a window and he when he cast Jezebel down they threw her down after that and I got to looking at that word window and I thought that is an odd word and I got to looking at scriptures about the word window. I just kept doing I was wondering, is that a message? I mean, what what is up with the word window? And I thought, how do you even preach about a window? But when I come in here and I got to hearing brother Matt preaching, he started talking about the windows of heaven being open. He started talking about the blessings of God coming down. And I went, that's how you preach about windows. Amen. Amen. You can see out the window. You could you you know, you can look out the window. You do all these things. But the blessings of God when they come out from the windows of heaven, that starts to change things in our lives. Hallelujah. Amen. I just appreciate it. The It's just an honor to be here this afternoon. And we're just looking forward to what the Lord has in store. Amen. Every every time we come into service, we just look forward to what the Lord has in store. Amen. I I walk in here with an expectation that the Lord's going to move. You know, in school, we have expectations for the way our children are and the way they need to act. But I have an expectation when I walk in this door that I know that my God is fixed to come down and he's fixing to show up and he's going to show out. He's about to do something tonight. I know he is. I believe he is. And there's no doubt in my mind that God's going to move and he's going to talk to somebody tonight. Amen. Do you love him? Do you thank him? Amen. Go. Want you to give him another hand clap of praise. Amen. Amen. He's sure worthy of it. Amen. If you just want to turn to Isaiah chapter 9, we're going to read verse two. Amen. Isaiah chapter 9 and verse two. And then we'll move into 2 Corinthians 4 and 6-7. Isaiah 9 and2 says, "The people that walked in darkness have seen a great light, they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death. Upon them hath the light shine." 2 Corinthians 4 and six it says for God who commandeth the light to shine out of darkness has shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ but we have this treasure in earthn vessels that the excell excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. Amen. individuals who bow your heads this evening. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just thank you for your mercy. Lord, we thank you for your anointing and your presence here in this building. Father, we pray that you would move upon every heart and upon every life. That the light that we speak of would shine into the darkness tonight. Lord, that you would reveal the word of God to each and every one of us. Lord, that you would touch our lives and our hearts. Lord, if we need healing, God, I pray that you would heal us. Lord, if we need deliverance, I pray that you would deliver us. Lord, if we need the Holy Ghost in our lives, I pray you'd give that to us. Father, we just thank you, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Amen. When we speak about a light, you know, it's hard to talk about a light without talking about the sun. And when you look at the sun, no matter what you say or do, it's always there. Amen. You can walk outside in the morning and the sun is there. Amen. Every night that come, every dark hour that comes, the sun is going to open up and it's going to shine upon that darkness. And the darkness is going to have to flee. I don't care what you do, you can tell the sun all day, son, you just stop existing. And the sun is not going to stop existing. It's not going to stop burning. The light is not going to stop shining. Amen. Amen. That there's nothing you can do or say that's going to stop the sunlight from coming to our lives. There's nothing you're going to do or say to stop the sunlight from warming the earth and warming up the seeds that are laying in the earth. There's nothing you can say or do to a plant that's going to stop it from growing. You can't stop the sun. I don't care how you do it. But I got to thinking about that and I thought about what does it take to us to see? What does it take to see? It always takes a light. Amen. Amen. By the word of God, the sun shines today because the very sun that we're enjoying is God's word made manifest. The very sunlight that we see outside is nothing but God's word when he said, "Let there be light." And I got to thinking about how that, you know, the sun is that light. But what if what if there was a way of taking away that light? What if you could possibly do that? And it got me to thinking and and I got I got to kind of researching a little bit and and the you know, the research says that within a week the average global surface temperature would drop below 0 degrees F. the surface of the oceans would freeze over. All photosynthesis would stop and most plants would die within weeks. And that made me think about how that would if there's no light, there's no food. If there's no light, there's no growth. And we have a light this evening that has shined upon the people of God. It causes things to grow. And and it causes that that thing that's down inside of you to grow. And that light shines upon your life. You might have been out in darkness. You might have been out in the world. You might have been all confused, but when that light struck your life, it started making something grow. And you might have you might have saw that light one time. It might have flashed before your eyes and you didn't recognize it and you didn't see what it was. But it might have been just a few days later you realized what that light was. You realize that that light was calling you to grow a little bit higher in God. You realize that there was something down inside you of you that was stirring and it was moving. You might have it might have been covered up in concrete, but that lie warmed the concrete and it begin to come down into your life and it begin to touch you and change you and move you and heal you and bring you out of darkness. You might have been in a barroom somewhere, but the light come down into a barroom and touched your life. You might have been out in the world just walking around lost, but that light came and it found you where you were. And I thank God that there is a light that has shined upon every one of us that came and found us. Amen. the darkness couldn't comprehend it. The darkness could do nothing with it. Hallelujah. I got to thinking about that today that how the the the that light there's no uh there's no possible way that darkness can defeat the light. You bring the light into darkness, darkness has got to flee. Darkness has got to go away. Darkness has got to move. When you have a little bit of darkness in your life, just shine the light of God upon it and watch what happens. Watch every bit of darkness flee. I don't care where it's at. I don't care if it's down in the basement. Take the light down there in the basement and watch the darkness flee. Take the light up in the attic and watch the darkness flee. It's time to shine the light upon your life and see where you're at. See where the darkness is fighting against you. Go shine the light of God on it and see what happens. See how it changes. See how it grows. See how it moves. Just shine a little bit of light on it. Amen. If you've got a spirit tormenting you, go take the light of God and let that light of God move upon that spirit. Move upon that devil and that enemy that's fighting you. Go shine the light of God upon it and see how he has to move. I can tell you one time the light cannot comprehend the darkness. It can't do it. It can't fight it. It can't. It's got no ability to fight with it. And and I find that one time that that Christ himself come down and he went down in the darkness and the darkness had to spit him back out. the darkness couldn't handle the light. How many times when you're at work and the and the darkness starts to come around and you just start shining your light amongst them? Sometimes they might agree with you just for a little bit, but it ain't just a few minutes and the darkness starts walking away. It starts moving away from you. It starts getting out of out of your out of your out of your presence. It starts saying, "I don't want none of that." But then there's that one person that you begin to speak to and you begin to shine that light upon and they begin to get a little closer to you. They begin to know that there's a move of God down in your life. There's something in your life that is shining before that person. The darkness cannot comprehend the light. Amen. People have come across the light and they don't know what it is. People come across this message and and it does nothing for them. It doesn't touch their heart. It doesn't touch their life. It doesn't see them. It's just complete total darkness to them. They don't have a clue. Amen. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. Yes, sir. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him. In him was life and the life was the light of men. Amen. And the light shineth in darkness and the darkness comprehended it not. You know, I thought about how Jesus was standing there that when you talk about the light of God showing upon a people's lives that he was standing up there on a boat and he was just a man. When the boat was moving around, he was just a man standing there. He had fell asleep and he was just a man. But when he put his foot upon the rail of the boat when he stuck his foot up there, it changed right then and there. The line of God was standing there and he said, "Peace be still." He said, "Peace, it's over." And the storm had to stop. The wind and waves had to stop because the master of the light was standing there and it was telling it, "Don't you go any further. You can't do anymore." Amen. He said, "Peace be still." And the ways in the window bade. He was more than a man when he did that. He was God. He was a man at the cross when he cried for mercy. He was a man when he died. But on Easter morning when the tomb opened and the seals broke and death and hell could not hold him any longer, he came out triumphant. He was more than a man. Amen. Sometimes in the dark hours than Jesus come, it was the darkest hour that the three Hebrew children had ever seen. Amen. One morning when the king had heated the furnace seven times hotter than it ever was, the darkest hour those fellas had ever seen, they were walking in the middle of that. They didn't know what was fix to happen, but they said, "I'm not going to I'm not going to worship your god. I'm going to worship the God of Daniel. That's the God I'm serving. That's the God I'm praising." And they stood there in the middle of that fire. They knew what was fixed to happen to them. And they wasn't about to back down. And we got a people this evening that stood in the middle of fires. You stood in the middle of wars. You stood in the middle of things that come against you and you said, "I ain't backing down." And every devil in hell come after you. But you ain't backing down. We got a message that said we don't have to back down. We got a God that said, "You don't have to back down. You don't have to cow down to some devil. You don't have to cow down to some sickness. You don't have to cow down to some idea or some man's reasoning. You don't have to cow down to it. And that king said, "You know what? They won't worship." Can you turn this up? He said, "They won't worship my God, so I'll throw them in there and he tied them up." And here they are. They got closer and closer to the fire. The fire got so hot that the men that were throwing them in there died. The men that were throwing them in there burned up, but they never did. Amen. And that old king, he thought he had them. He thought he had them where he wanted them. He thought he had that bunch of holy rollers where he wanted them. And he took and he thrown them off in the flames. And it wasn't just a little bit. And the king got to looking around and he looked over in the pit and he went, "Wait a minute. I only put three in there. Who's the fourth man? But there was a fourth man in the fire. The fourth man came down and he took the the Hey man, he waved the flames off of them and the ropes were burned off of them. And there they were standing in the middle of the fire with Jesus. And there you are standing in the middle of the fire with Jesus. They can't No devil can't stand that kind of heat. He can't get to you. He can't battle you. He can't war with you. He can't fight with you. I don't care what he does or what he says. You're in the middle of the hottest fire that'll burn him up. You're in such a middle of a fire. I can tell you something about a fire dropped down one time in the day of Pentecost and it started getting in people. I'm talking about people they were scared to walk across the street cuz that Rome was after them. The Roman soldiers were threaten were threatening to kill them. The Roman soldiers were threatening to divide them. The Roman soldiers were coming after them every day. They were killing them left and right. Come on. But they got a hold of the fire that changed their lives. And hallelujah. They walked out of there. They walked out of there with such a new anointing. And it's time to get that anointing this evening. When that Hallelujah. It's time for a fresh anointing. Amen. Amen. I say unto you, we got a fresh anointing. We are a blessed people. We've got an anointing of God that is with us. We've got an anointing of God that is in this place that is moving us and it's healing us and it's saving us. And it's not a dead letter. It's not an idea. It's not a reason, but it's a message of the hour that has been spoken across this pullpit. It's not some some. It's not some madeup idea, but it's straight from the light of God. It's straight from the source that brother Aaron was talking about. That's where it come from. It's the same God that was back in the day of Pentecost. It's the same God that was there at the Red Sea. It's the same God that was there with Noah. It's the same God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Without that light, you couldn't see. Without that light, you could do nothing. I've tried. I tried to go without the light. I tried to go down the path without the light. You ever been out in the woods without a light? The middle of the dark. I remember one time I was out hunting and and I got to going in the woods and my phone, that's all I had was my phone, which is kind of silly, but I had that phone and it died. I didn't know where I was going. I was on the back of the lake and I got hit in places and I'm going I don't know where I'm at. So, I finally found the edge of the lake and I was so far off of where I was supposed to be, but I didn't have a light. Come on, brother. Amen. Sometimes we go week to week without a light. Sometimes we get into into times and we forget about the light that's guiding us. you. Sometimes we might get caught up in in in ideas and and thoughts and we might get caught up in people and we get to look at other people and we forget about the light that's guiding us. Come on. But if you would just look to the light, it would change it all. It would begin to change your life and it would start moving you and directing you and leading you and guiding you. What did they do in the in the out in the wilderness? The light said, "Go this way." And they went that way. But but just a minute or two or just a few days and they were standing at the banks of a river. They were standing at the banks of the Red Sea and they're going, "God, why did you lead us here? Why did you do this to us, Lord? What is going on here? We're we're here at the Red Sea and and the and the Egyptians are behind us and they're coming after us." But they were following the light of God. Moses knew exactly what he was doing. Hallelujah. Here we are. Sometimes you're at a Red Sea. Sometimes Egypt is standing right behind you. Sometime the world is coming up hot on your heels and you're standing there at the Red Sea. But Moses had something in his possession. Hallelujah. He knew who God was. He knew exactly who he was. And he took the rod that God had given him and he stood it out over the sea and the seas opened up and there went two million two million children of Israel started walking across and then maybe some of them started catching on. They started getting a little revelation that wait a minute. We're walking across this sea on dry ground. They're looking around. They might see the the the the you know I think the the they might see the fish swimming along beside them and they're just walking on dry ground. They don't know, you know, it might have been confusing. I don't know. I wasn't there. But here they are walking on dry ground. I can see that last one coming up out of that. He might have been the oldest guy there. He might have had trouble. He might have had struggle. He might not could walk well. He might not could move well. But he might just be kind of lifted up out of there. Just kind of barely getting along. But God stayed that hand for that one. Amen. Hallelujah. And that one, the one that had been beat, the one that had been tore up, the one that had been tormented every day, the one that had stripes up on his back from the from the Egyptian whips. the one that they just beat him so much and they tormented him so much and they done so much to him. He turned around and he went brother. I mean, if it was me, I might have just looked at the the Egyptians coming and just give him a big old smile. You know what? I remember my God. Maybe they started remembering stories that they had heard about their God. Maybe it's in their minds and it wasn't just a second or two and here come the seas. Them Egyptians was right out in the middle of it. And the Israelites were going, "Oh, wait a minute. I know now what God was doing. I know exactly what he was doing." And it wasn't just a second that Miriam looked over and she saw the the ones that beat her and the ones that whipped on her and the ones that destroyed her life and the ones coming after her. and she saw them floating dead in the water. Hallelujah. And that lady picked up a tambourine and she started rejoicing and she started praising God and she started saying, "Hallelujah. There's my enemy that is floating down in that water and it's over now." But oh, hallelujah, little bride, the enemy is floating in the river. He's no longer pursuing. He can't come after you anymore. He can't come fight you anymore. He can't come to you anymore. Why? Because you're wrapped up in the message. You're wrapped up in the word of the Lord. And you're wrapped up in the light of God. The light is there with you. You have in the light. You got over in the light. Amen. They saw their enemy destroyed and defeated. Amen. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. You know, we was talking about the sun just a few minutes ago. Now that if there was no sun and earth would just li drift off into space. I got to think about that spiritually. If you have no light, you're just drifting. You're just wandering. You don't know where you're going. You don't know how you're getting there. And I started thinking about churches and and how the how that they would churches can tell you the stories of Shamgar. They can sit and they can tell you the stories of Elijah. They can tell you the stories of of Paul and Silas. The Catholic Church can sit you down and tell you all about how that they were standing there and they said, "Won't you just rise up and walk?" They can tell you those stories. But I tell you what, we we can tell those stories, too. But we can also live them. We've lived the story of the Bible. We've lived that story. We've been through those things. We've fought through those things. We've seen those things. The light has shined upon our life. And we have seen the glory of the Lord. I say unto you, lift up your eyes and see the glory of the Lord tonight. Lift up your eyes and see what God is doing. Lift up. We'll stop looking at everybody else, but look up at him. Amen. Look at him and see what he's doing. Look at him and see how this church is moving. Look at him and see how the message is moving. Look at him. Look up at him and see. Amen. Amen. What are we following? Following the light of the Lord. Brother says when they went to develop the picture, they taken out the six glossies that they were supposed to have. He's speaking of the of the picture of the pillar of fire and Sam used to call Sam. He was he said that they would have developed they taken out six glossies that they were supposed to have for Mr. Best shaking his fist and every one of them was blank. God wouldn't permit that camera to take the picture with his fist under that saintly man's nose like that acting like that. Listen to this. And when they pulled the seventh one out, Amen. We went through six ages where it was dark and it was confusing and we didn't know what to do. People didn't know what to do. They went through through Iranian's age. They went through Martin's age. They went through Luther's age. But there was just that little bit of light that was guiding them through those ages. But that seventh one begin to show. And the light of God begin to show on a picture. It wasn't a picture of William Brandon. It was a picture of God. It was the anointing of God that has come across this message. That was God in that picture. Amen. The world don't even know what it is. The world don't know nothing about it. But it was God vindicating his prophet. It was saying that's who that is. It's God showing who he is. The very God of heaven. That's what Amen. The very God of heaven showing who he is. Showing who he was. Oh, how what what a what a humbling thought that that is. That that was God showing who he was. And people just let it drift by them. They let it pass by them. They don't hear what he has to say. They turn it off or they turn their backs on it and they walk away. But we're a bride. We don't turn our back on it. We don't walk away. We're still following that same pillar of fire. We're still following that same thing. We're still still following the anointing of God. It's a fresh anointing. It's a new anointing. It's a new place. It's a new thing. It's not a dead letter. I'm tired of people wanting to say things are dead. This ain't dead. This is still growing. This is still moving. This is still manufacturing. This is still showing things. This is still revealing things. It ain't a dead letter. It's an old time alive God. I wish I knew how to talk. I'm talking about a God. I sit there in school today. We We got We got to talk about a We got to talk about Mo or No, or Jesus cuz we're in Rome. We're talking about the Roman uh the R Roman Empire. And I got to that part. It's a topic subject you got to tell the kids. and it was talking about Jesus being a Jew. And it was all I could do to sit there and read that out loud to those kids. I wanted to preach. I wanted to come unglued. I wanted to say, "Well, he wasn't just a Jew, but he was God. That's who he was. He was God standing there in human flesh once again." And oh, glory. That same God has stepped down into a little bride and he's showing her who she is. Hallelujah. Won't somebody ever get a hold of that revelation? There ain't nothing standing in your way. Ain't no devil can. I don't I might keep coming to this, but I'm so sick of the devil standing in the bride's way. I'm sick of them looking at him. I'm sick of them playing with it. I'm sick of people reasoning with it. I'm sick of people looking at other people and fussing about what they're doing. Turn around and look who's moving this place. It's God moving. It's God's turn. It's God revealing. It's God opening up the word of God. That's who it is. It's a leadership of the Holy Spirit. It's a leadership. It's the anointing of God moving upon people, opening people's lives. That's what it is. It's God. It's God. It's a creator of heaven and earth. Amen. This ain't an idol that you can walk up and and you can take from from India and you can bring home with you. This ain't a Roman god sitting on a throne somewhere. This ain't Zeus sitting somewhere. But this is the almighty God of heaven that wants to commune with you. He wants to talk with you. He wants to speak with you. He wants to have you. He wants to have you as his own. He wants to love you. He wants you to love him back. He's doing it all for you. He's calling out to you, telling you, "Won't you just come back to me? Won't you come unto me? Won't you hear what I have to say?" Hallelujah. He wants to be with his bride. He wants to be like, "You know what, y'all? Let's go. Let's let let's get right. Let's serve the Lord. Let's get our dress right. Let's get our act right. Bride, make yourself ready." Amen. But then his grace holds on and he's waiting upon you. He's waiting on his people. Amen. People can rise up with this, that, or other isms can rise. Communism, fascism, and all other isms can rise. Superstitions, cults, whatever it might rise or whatever it might be might rise. But when that king light of the Bible raises up all superstitions and things, but you see, we know it's there, but until it's a vindicated proves it's light, then we have no right to argue against that. That's right. Because it shuts all other light out. Jesus said, "Let every man's word be a lie and mine be the truth." His word is superior over all man's word, over all anything. His word is light. Amen. I got to thinking of or looking at Mo at Abraham. How Abraham was walking. Abraham was looking for a city that was right above him. But after he separated from Lot, God said, "Abraham, lift up your eyes." And Abraham lifted up his eyes and he said,"Abraham, all that you see, that's yours." And Abraham, good luck. And be like, "Okay, okay, but but what? Nothing. Just lift up your eyes. It's yours. Amen. Let a bride, lift up your eyes. It's yours. Look at your promises. It's yours. It's your possession. It's not the enemy's possession. It's not the devil's tools. It's yours. And it's yours. It's what you can possess. It's what you can walk into. It's what you can say. Lift up your eyes. Gave him. God gave him. God tells Abraham that his seed would be numbered with the stars. Abraham didn't waver. Abraham believed. Abraham Abraham heard the promise of God. And he went through all those those long years. And finally one day his little wife gave birth to a baby. And then Abraham could walk in and take a hold of the promise. Abraham could walk in and take that baby up in his arms. And he knew that here was his promise that God had gave him. He knew that that he could take that baby and he could walk over to the rocket chair and he could sit and he could rock his promise to sleep. Abraham could sit and teach his promise to the ways of that he had. He could tell him Isaac, "This is how you do things. This is how you live. This is how you work. This is how you need to pay your tithes. This is how you need you need to pay your taxes. This is how you need to do those things." Abraham could go and go outside and and play catch with his promise. He could go out there and he could say, "Isaac, won't you come play a little bit?" They go out there and they throw a ball back and forth because it was his promise. But here was Abraham communing with his promise. Here was Abraham speaking with his promise. Abraham was talking with his promise. He was having communion with his promise. Hallelujah. All of one day the Lord said, "Abraham, I need you to take your your promise, take him up on the mountain. I want you to sacrifice him." See, but Abraham again in his faith, he knew that God had promised him something. He knew God had promised him that that seed line would be there. And he knew that there was no other way outside of Isaac. So, here he goes. Abraham takes his promise and they go up the mountain and they're walking up the mountain. I tell you what Abraham could have done. Abraham could have looked down and he could have looked and watched everything that was around him. He could have kept his eyes on the ground. He could have kept his eyes off over here somewhere. He could have kept his eyes over there somewhere. But Abraham kept his eyes and his faith upon God. He kept his faith upon the promised word of God. He knew that there would be that that him and the son and his son would come back. But as they begin to move up the mountain and they get up to the to the place where where the sacrifice is to be made and Isaac looks at him. He said, "Daddy, I see this the fire. I see the sticks. I see all these things, but where's the sacrifice?" And here that's the faith of Abraham. And Abraham says, "My son, God will provide himself a sacrifice." And the angel of the Lord was standing there. And Abraham laid his promise down upon the altar. There is he laid it down. Abraham had to let go of his promise. Come on. What a thought that is. He had to let go. And he laid him down and he took the knife and he started to cut his he started to to make the sacrifice. But an angel of the Lord caught his hand and he said,"Abraham, lift up your eyes." And Abraham looked up and there was a ram caught in the bushes. And he said, "There is my Jehovah Gyra. There is my place. There is my provider." And it was standing there in the thicket. God in the thicket. And Abraham Oh, glory. Abraham took a hold of that promise. Hallelujah. And to He took a hold of that promise that God had gave him. He took a hold of that Jehovah Gyra that God had gave him. And he laid that ram down upon the altar. And there Abraham slew that ram and maybe the blood got all over him and he was handling that promise. But what do we have to do? You got to get a hold of the promise. This promise ain't letting go. Never let go of that promise. Don't you ever let go of what God has given you. Don't let go of Jesus. Too many people have fought for it. Too many people have battled for it. There was a woman one day that she saw her promise walking in the middle of a crowd. She saw him in there and she knew she had to get to him cuz she had that issue of blood and it wouldn't stop. It wouldn't it wouldn't seize up. It wouldn't never do anything. But she knew her promise was right there in the middle of that crowd. And what she did was she started walking and she started moving. She wasn't giving up. She wasn't quitting. She wasn't walking away. She wasn't saying things and and ideas. She wasn't looking at nothing but him. Amen. She kept her eyes upon him. Wherever he went, she went. Wherever he moved, she moved. Wherever he whatever place he went down there, she was. I say unto you, wherever God is, you go there. You need something from God. When he's there, you go. How many times brother Matt talks about that that little lady over in India and he and and she had the the dreamer. The Lord spoke to her and said, "You go to the gospel meeting." And that's what she did. She started going to gospel meetings. She had a promise of God and she started going to meeting after meeting after meeting after meeting. But she met her promise one day when brother Matt was speaking and he was talking about his arm being broke. And it wasn't just a second. Her promise wasn't brother Matt, but her promise walked down off that platform and walked back there to her. That anoint that anointing that the man of God had walked back there to her. And that God reached down and he told her, he said, "You just come up here a little bit." It might have scared people half to death, but there was a whole bunch of people that went to rejoicing because there was somebody that had got a hold of her promise and she started walking. But that little lady, she was wanting to get to her promise. And she fought through everything. She fought through every trial. She fought through every battle. She had no other way. She couldn't, the doctors couldn't help her. Her mom and daddy couldn't help her. things next to people couldn't help her. People are little bride, they can't help you. The world can't help you. No matter the things you get caught up in, they can't help you. But God can help you. He can pull you out of when you get to him. Get to him. No matter what you do, get to him. I don't care what you got to fight through. Get to him. Yes, sir. I don't care who's in your way. Get to him. Amen. She fought her way. She might have just barely got to him, but when she reached out and she found the hem of his garment and reached and grabbed a hold of the hem of that man's garment, y'all see him stop and all these people that are pushing up against him, fighting up against him and wanting touches and wanting all these things. There was this little lady with a promise of God and he stopped. He said, "Who touched me? Virtue is left out of me." He said, "Who touched me?" I wanted him to say that. I wanted to say, "Who touched me?" I wanted to turn around and look at me and be like, "Oh, you touched me. Let me give you a little blessing." I want him to turn. I want him to reach and pick me up. I want him to put me on a higher ground. I want him to heal me. I want him to save me. I want him to fill me. That's what I want. Amen. It's time to get to the heel of his garment. You might could just crawl your way. Get there. You You might not can walk, but get there. You might not can move, but get there. Get there. It's time to get to him. Amen. Amen. Lift up your eyes. I don't care where he goes. There you go. Lift up your eyes. That's your promise. walking down the dusty road. That little song, there's a promise coming down the dusty road. That little girl was laying there dead, but her promise was coming down the dusty road. It's time sometimes for a dusty road experience. Oh, glory. We got a dusty road right there. My promise is coming down the dusty road. Oh, and hallelujah. Here comes my promise. I'm going to watch him the whole way. I'm going to see where he goes. I'm going to see how he does it. And I'm gonna get right up next to him. I'm gonna get right up there with him. I'm gonna get as close as I can to him. I'll be like, "Lord, you remember that promise you gave me? Lord, do you remember that promise? Lord, do you remember that promise? Lord, do you remember that promise?" I'm going to bug the daylights out of him. Too many times we don't want to bug him. We're like, "Oh, well, well, God can't." Well, I know God. I know God, you can do it. But but that's the worst word in the English language. Come on. I know. I know. I know God that. Don't come Don't Don't sell me that. Don't Don't sell this church that. Don't give that to me. I've seen him in action. I've lifted up my eyes and I've seen my Lord. Amen. I know I get in trouble for talking about this all the time, but I saw the dead raised. Amen. I saw in my own eyes. Hallelujah. I saw God move up on people. I saw him deliver people. They could talk about it in a Baptist church all they want. But I am living it. I want to live it. You can talk about it all day, but let me live it. Let me get it inside of me. Let me get it so down inside of me that it burns everything out. Let it burn inside of me that I can walk up to somebody and I can hand them a little bit of my fire. I can say, "You know what? Here's some of my fire you can take in because there is enough of it for all of us. There's enough of it for everybody in the building. We can go pass it down on the street somewhere." Amen. Do you realize how quick Christianity went to moving when it moved? You think about how the God does things. You might wonder how God does things or why he does things the way he does them. Why? Why Rome? Why there? You realize that Rome was one of the first the first civilizations to create a road system. You want the gospel to move? That'll move it. So Paul is going and ministering along the world around that part of the world and he's reaching people he never could before because it'll have took 10 days to get where it only took a day. They had to go through mountains and rivers and streams but Rome started Rome paved the way for Christianity. They didn't know what they were doing. They had no idea what they were doing but they were paving the way for Christianity to move forward. and they think they've got it figured out. They ain't got it figured out. They just a tool that they just a tool that God's using. That's all they were. They're just a tool to get Christianity out there. It was just a tool to get to get a church raised up in Black Rock, Arkansas. That's all it was. Amen. There's no fear there. We don't fear that Catholic Church. We don't fear that. Catholicism. You know, one of the priests went to talking to somebody and he said, uh, he said, "No longer can we say silver and gold have I none." And that old preacher looked at him. He went, "No longer can you say take up thy bed and walk either." Amen. I thank God we have a promise. I thank God that we can look and we can see. I thank God that the darkness is coming to or the light is coming to our darkness. He answered and said unto them, because it given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given. But blessed are your eyes, for they see, and your ears, for they hear. For verily I say unto you, that many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which you see and have not seen them. and to hear those things which you hear and have not heard them. Brother Ram says, "Look what we've seen in this day. The quickening power has come to us to open the seven seals." What was that? The intelligence of a man. No, the quickening power of God. See, the quickening power of God foretold this would take place. The quickening power of God made the world testify to it. It's the truth. Yes, sir. The angel of the Lord I told you was around in a pillar of fire quickening power. Let the world testify that it's the truth. And in that they didn't know what it was. And we knew just look this away and it's our Lord up there. You see he's speaking of the the cloud. They didn't know what it was. The man took the picture. They didn't know what it was. But when that prophet got a hold of that and he turned that picture to the right and there was the Lord. I'm pointing to something that's not there and there was the Lord. The Lord was up there. Amen. It was judgment to the world. But what was it to the bride? It wasn't judgment. It was showing you who you are. It was showing you what you could be. It's showing you how you can defeat every devil, every spirit, every enemy. That's what it was showing you. It was a message. It was saying you can live. You don't have to die. You can live. You don't have to suffer. You can live. You can rest. Hallelujah. Amen. Look up and you will see. Lift up your eyes. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. It's time to lift up our eyes and see the glory of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Few brothers, y'all want to come to the music. Amen. The things that we have seen, the light that has been given to us, people have prodded at it and poked at it. They didn't know what it was. But when the light of God struck it, when that when that struck this word, it started changing people's lives. What it did was it started taking people that were living in addictions, turning their lives around and it started taking family uh uh generational curses and people that that battled with with diseases and battle with addictions and and all this thing with the message got a hold of them and it turned their life around. Everybody around them, their whole family might be addicts. Their whole family might have struggled with things. Their whole family might have anxiety, but they could look to that woman and be like, "What in the world has happened to you?" They looked at little Paige and they said, "What has happened to you, Paige?" And she said, "I met my promise. That's what I met David." Oh, you met your promise. You met him. You come down the dusty road and he come and found you. You met him. I met that promise one day. Amen. And he picked me up and he put me on solid ground where I was sinking in sin. I didn't know where to go. Didn't know what to do. But there was my promise and reach down and he took a hold of my hand. And all the pain and all the hurt that I'd been through. All the sickness and all the things that I've battled, it was over. Are there still battles? There's battles every day. I've got I work with I see people in education that they're all the time talking about the kids and how the things that they they you know I they I mean I've heard this and I'm not saying this to be a joke or in all seriousness that they would literally tell me I had to go take an anxiety pill because I can't handle these kids. They would say these things and I'm sitting there thinking, so well, I've got a higher power. I've got a promise inside of me that I know that there's a child sitting there that I can speak to. I may not be able to just spill it all out to them, but there's somebody in front of me. I don't need an anxiety pill. I've got Jesus. I don't need a Xanax. I've got Jesus. I don't need alcohol. I've got Jesus. I don't need drugs. I've got Jesus. Hallelujah. Some people might be like, "Well, well, you know, y'all don't have a lot of fun." Hey, you ever been drunk on the gospel? Been there. Amen. Been right in the middle of brother Matt got a little happy the other day. Got up here and got to dancing. You don't think he was having fun, man? It don't have to be some somber quiet thing that the world has made it out to be. And sometimes it's a time to dance. Sometimes it's a time to just kick up your heels a little bit. Brother Matt said, you know, you can let your hair down. Some of you can't. I can't. Amen. But sometimes you can just say glory. Sometimes you can say hallelujah. Sometimes you can stand there and cry. Sometimes you could stand there and worship the Lord. But your promise is here. Your promise does not hold you down and contain you to some idea or re or or reform of man. But your promise is standing here saying, "Feel free to worship me. Feel free to do what you see fit. Just feel free. Feel free to worship the Lord. Feel free to give a little shout every now and again. Just feel free. Feel free to say hallelujah." Amen. And I remember when few years ago when that when I first started uh uh serving the Lord, I always thought that that was a little I don't know backwards I guess for lack of a better phrase. And I thought that I thought well I won't you know I couldn't really say hallelujah much. Couldn't say glory. Just kind of tried to hold it in. And then one day something come over me and I said hallelujah. And I ain't stopped since. I could say glory to God. Thank you Lord for all you've done. Thank you for delivering me. Thank you for healing me. I can say hallelujah. And I don't care who sees me. I don't care who hears me. Amen. I remember sitting in a and I remember a lot, I guess. But I was in my uh at Williams Baptist and I'm sitting in we had to do chapel. They made us do that. I'm sitting in the back and this this preacher got up there and he got to preaching a little bit good and I was I said, "Amen." And the girl behind me, he's like, "What what are you?" She got on to me later. She was in class with me and she went, "We don't I'm just like a backro Baptist. We don't do that around here." I was like, "Okay, well, whatever. I'm not I don't want to be dried up. I don't want to be all stick in the mud. Come on. I don't want to. I know sometimes the circumstances kind of hold you down, but if you get a hold of the promise, all that goes away. Amen. You don't the promise, you ain't got to worry about it. Get a hold to the promise. Lift up your eyes and see the glory of the Lord. Lift up your eyes and see what he's doing in your life. Don't look down. Abraham wasn't looking down. He was looking up. He was looking at what God was doing. He was looking at how God was moving. Lift up your eyes, church, and see the glory of the Lord. [Music] Amen. And brother Matt, you better come. Yeah. Come on. [Music] I say this joy that I had, the world didn't give it to me. I know this joy that I had. The world didn't give it to me. where the world didn't give it. Won't you stand to your feet tonight? Oh, I say this love that I have, the world didn't give it to me. I know this love that I had. The world didn't give it to me. Well, this love that I had, the world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. I say this joy that I had. The world didn't give it to me. I know this joy that I had. The world didn't give it to me. I know this joy that I had. The world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. I know this joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Where this joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. Can you say this victory? Well, this victory that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This victory that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Well, this victory that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Well, the world didn't give it. The world can't take it away. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. But Mark said, "It's okay to have a victory dance." I said, "Well, you can't have a victory dance without a victory. Other other than that, it's just a dance. It's just a it's just a pa. But with a good victory, you can have a good victory dance. I wonder how many's had a victory tonight. Amen. How many's had a victory dance? Amen. I sure love being free. Amen. I I love to have the victory of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Can we sing this? He was speaking on holding to the promise, but hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. How many enjoyed that tonight? Amen. Amen. God bless you. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Well, build your hope on things eternal. [Music] Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Will I say time is filled with swift transition and not of earth unmoved can stand. But I can build my hopes on things eternal. So I hold to God's unchanging hand. Will I say hold to God's unchanging hand? Behold to God's unchanging hand. will [Music] be. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] Today may want you just lift your hands. to start praising the Lord tonight. Will I say hold to God's unchanging hand? Behold to God's unchanging hand. So I will build my hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Will I know time is filled with swift transition? Will not of earth unmoved can stand. [Music] So I will build my hopes on things eternal. So hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Every praise. Amen. That young lady wanted to give her heart to the Lord. She said, "I'm tired of living in darkness and I believe God spoke to me tonight. I want to have the light of God in my life." I think I can't think of a testimony I'd rather have that have a desire for the light of God to come into my life. How many has that desire? Let me tell you what happens when you start holding to your promise. It call it draws the Holy Spirit into your life. Brother Brandon preached a message called God is in simplicity in 1963. And in that message he said that light that Holy Spirit that light is moving around this building and it is searching for somebody. It's looking for somebody that will accept it. It It's hunting somebody that will open up and let it in. And he said, "You know what you do? You just lift your hands and you start praising God." And you when you begin to worship God and let that light of God come into your life and you say to God, "Lord, I'm holding to the promise. You gave the promise. I believe it and I'm holding on to it tonight." And that wasn't just for some other day. He preached that message 62 years ago almost to the day. But it wasn't just for them. It's for you tonight if you'll lift your hands and start praising God and say, "God, you gave the promise and I'm going to hold on to it. And I'm expecting you to fulfill it." And that same light of the Holy Spirit that was moving in that day is moving today and it'll fill every heart and every life in this place. Do you believe that tonight? The same promise of God to fulfill every desire in your heart. I believe that God is a God that's moving in our midst. Hey, how many believe that tonight? How many going to lift their hands? Won't you just worship the Lord tonight? Every praise, every praise is to my God. Can you worship the Lord? I say, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. For he is God, my savior. He is God. Yes, Lord, you're my God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. For he is God, my savior. He is God. Yes, he's still my God. Won't somebody declare it tonight? Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He is God. He's my savior. Yes, he's God. My healer. Yes, he's God. My deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. I say every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to my God. For he is God my savior. Yes, he's my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he Yes, he is. Well, I feel I feel like praising him. I feel I feel like praising him. So I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel I feel like praising him. Well, I feel I feel like praising him. I feel I feel like praising him. I praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel I feel like praising him. I said I feel I feel like serving him. Well, I feel I feel like serving him. Well, I praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel I feel like serving him. feel I feel I feel like loving him. Yes, I feel I feel like loving him. Lord, I love you in the morning. Love you all day long. I feel I feel like loving him. Amen. Isn't he wonderful tonight? God is an awesome God. Amen. Sister Kayla, you just go on to serve the Lord. Amen. Just put the devil right in his place. Amen. Every one of us been at that place at the valley of decision. There comes a time in our life when God just sends the right word at the right time to bring us into the right place and let the light strike the seed and let the word begin to grow in our life. Amen. Amen. I believe that. I mean, you believe that? How many give an encouragement to Sister Kayla? Man, what a desire to serve the Lord. God bless you, sis. Amen. What a what a desire to give your heart to God. I can't think of a better decision. There there's not a better decision that you could ever make. Nothing. No matter how how how many things you buy, people make big decisions. They look to buy houses, look to get married, look all these big decisions you make in your life, but the greatest one you ever made was made tonight. I believe that. Amen. And I believe it was it was a draw of God. Jesus said, "No man cometh to me unless the father would draw him first." Means you belong to him. He said he's gi all that he has given unto me will come unto me and I will in no wise cast them out. In other words, I won't rebuke their request. That's right. Amen. Isn't he wonderful tonight? Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. I just say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. What a wonderful service. Brother Mark didn't tell us, but he come spend his his birthday yesterday getting ready for church. So, God bless you. Amen. Just to speak what God put on his heart and now God knows what we need. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. Won't we just bow our heads together? Amen. Won't you just speak to the Lord and maybe just tell him how much you love him and how wonderful is just to be in the presence of the Lord and have an opportunity to come and fellowship together and just to hear God's word and see a move of God among his children. Amen. Just remember our young people. Some of them left today, went to the camp. Some are leaving tomorrow. Just remember them in prayer. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, how privileged that we are, Lord. God, to be able to witness, Lord, a a little daughter of yours, Lord. God, to witness the cause. Our brother was preaching on those that was leaving out of Egypt that day and crossing over the Red Sea and how that they witnessed the waters roll back and the dry ground beneath their feet. Lord, I thought it didn't matter how old they were or what their level of experience was. Every child, they walked across the same dry ground. every mother, every father, they walked the same path to the same testimony. Lord, they the feeble, the strong, it didn't matter how how they were, Lord. But God, every one of them sharing the same testimony. And Lord, I thank you, Lord, for giving us a pathway to walk. And Lord, I thank you for our sister, Lord, putting the zeal on her heart to serve you. And Lord, I pray, Lord, that you would encourage her. No doubt how the enemy would attack her mind and body, Lord. But here she made a decision tonight, Lord, to stand upon thy word, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you would fill her so filled with your spirit, Lord. Let her be able to have such a desire in her heart to serve you, Lord. God, to feed upon thy word, Lord. May that great light of the Holy Spirit overshadow her, Lord. God, I just ask you, Lord, that you would go with each one as we go from this place, God, knowing that each one of us has walked that same walk, Lord. We've walked the same path to the same testimony. And Lord, I ask you, Lord, to be an encouragement to her. And Lord, each one as we go from this place, encourage our brother. Lord, I thank you for allowing him to speak to us tonight. Lord, we just give you the glory, Lord, for all that's done. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight as you go. Well, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than housees or lamb. And I'd rather be led by his nail than to be a king of a vast domain and be held. [Music] way. I would rather have Jesus than anything that this world affords today. Well, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I would rather be his than have riches untold. Hell, I'd rather have Jesus than housees or land. I would rather be led by his nail pierced hands than to be a king of a vast domain. and me hell in sin dread swell. Yes, I would rather have Jesus than anything than this world affords today. God bless you tonight. Oh, I would rather have Jesus than worldly applause. I would rather be faithful to his dear cross. I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. I'd rather be true to his holy name than to be a king of a vast domain and be held in sin dread sway. Yes, I would rather have Jesus than anything this whole world affords.
