################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-21 - Pastor Matt Morse | When Impossibility Meets Immutability | 09-21-2025 - Matt Morse - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-21
Title:   Pastor Matt Morse | When Impossibility Meets Immutability | 09-21-2025
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RS5Mcp6_C8c
========================================

[Music] Oh, [Music] there. [Music] I'll praise for his love surrounds me like a sea. Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of my Jesus. For the name of Jes. Oh, let's all stand and sing it to him this morning. Oh yes. Wherever I am, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. Oh, I will praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus for the name of truth. Oh, sing it to him again now. Yes. Wherever I can, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. Oh, I will praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus for the Oh, if you came to praise him, just lift your hands and sing it to him once more now. Oh yes, wherever I am. Lord, I'll praise him whenever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like the sea. Oh, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Oh, aren't you thankful he lifted you this morning? Let's sing that little chorus. Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Gyra. And Jehovah Gyra. [Music] You're my Ver. [Music] Oh, you are more than enough for me. Jehovah rock. You're my healer and by your stripes I am set free. [Music] and Jehovah. [Music] For you are with me and you supply all my needs. For you are more than enough. Oh, so much more than enough. Oh, you are more than Oh, if you have a need this morning, just lift up that hand. Just sing it to him once more now. Cuz you're Jehovah. Oh, he'll meet every need today. He's my proider. Lord, you are more than enough for me. Lord, if you need healing, Jehovah Rafa, you're my healer. And by your stripes, I am set free. Oh Jehovah sh for you are with me. Oh you supply all my need. Lord you are more than enough. You're so much more than enough. You are more than enough for me. Oh, can you say he's more than enough for you today? Aren't you thankful? We serve a God. You can come into his house. Whatever your need is, it can be different than the neighbor next to you, but yet he'll be he's he's here to meet each and every need. And he can speak to each and everyone. Certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord. Son, resurrection born and just come. Great anticipation what the Lord has in store for us today. Brother Travis, will you open the service in a word of prayer? [Music] Amen. Why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hands, and have your seats this morning? Amen. Has the Lord been good to you this week? I said the Lord been good to you this week. You're thankful to be a Christian. I'm singing, "Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done." Oh, I sing it again now. I'm singing. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Yes, Lord. Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, oh Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. I said you heal me, honey, when I was sick. You surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. surely been good to me. You have done what this world. Oh, you saved my soul. Yes, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. Oh, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. You have done what this world can do. Oh, has he filled you with that Holy Ghost? You filled me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. Oh, you fill me with the Holy Ghost. Surely been good to me. You fill me with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. You have done what this world. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, and Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done. Oh, aren't you thankful that he saved you today? Oh yes, you saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. surely been good to me. You have done what this world singing once more. I'm singing. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Oh, give a hand clap of praise. Oh, pains of death ceased on my soul. Unto the Lord I cry until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied. Oh, till my Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be happy. Oh, as Jacob in the days of Lord, I wrestle with the Lord. Oh yes, it is with the courage. I still Oh, let's put our hands together. Oh, yes. [Music] I would not be Oh, I like this verse. You see, old Satan said, "My Lord, he was gone. and would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ our Lord is here. Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied until Jesus came and he made me whole. I would. Oh, let's sing that last verse once more now. Because old Satan said that my Lord was gone and would not be my Oh, and I got good news today. Oh, praise the Lord. The word is done and Christ the Lord is here. Oh, and I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied until my Jesus came and he made me whole. I'll sing it again now. [Music] Oh yes, I would not be denied. Oh no, I would not be denied till my Jesus came and he made me home. I would I'm singing hosana. Oh blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my Oh, let's magnify him. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. He's worthy. For he is worthy to be praised. I'm singing magnify the Lord with me. Oh, for he is worthy to be praised. Oh, and hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. I'm singing glory. Bring glory to his name. Oh, he lives and reigns forever more. I'm singing glory, glory to his name. Yes, he lives and reigns forever. Hosana. I'm singing hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, and Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh, for he. Oh, aren't you thankful for that this morning? Isn't Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh, and he I'm singing Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Yes, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed our sing Jehovah Gyra once more. Oh, and Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh, for he provided all my needs. I'm singing Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh, oh, let's all stand this morning. Sing hosana. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Yes, blessed be the rock of my salvation nations. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Yes, blessed. I'll sing it again as the brothers come for the offering. I'm singing hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Yes. Blessed be the rock of my salvation nation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Amen. For the Lord, we pray the offering this morning. [Music] Well, upon life's boundless ocean where mighty billows roll, I fix my hope in Jesus. the anchored of my soul. When trials fears to sell me and torch gathering home, I rest upon his mercy and trust him more. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life how great you got. No, you're good. Amen. I'm going to get this. Well, upon lies found this ocean where might he roll. I fix my hope in Jesus. The sacred of my soul which trials used to sail me. His storms are gathering over. I rest upon his mercy and trust in him. Yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind, no waves. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. He keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has sealed the waters and their trouble seasons. my pilot and deliverer. To him all come for always when I need it. He's at my side. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life called great. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no way. I've anchored in Jesus. Oh, he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. He is my prettiest savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away my sorrows and shields me from the bl. By faith I'm looking upward beyond life trouble sea. Where I behold the heaven prepared for me. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind. No way. I've anchored in Jesus for he has power to save. I've anchored in the rock. Oh, let's sing that second verse once more. For he keeps my soul from evil and gives me blessed peace. His voice has sealed the waters and bid their trouble sea. My pilot can deliver to him. I occupy for always when I need him. He's at my side. And I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no end, no way. I've anchored in Jesus. Oh, he has power to save. I've anchored. Oh, I sing it again as Sister Martha brings her song. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life I'll break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear knowing no way. I've anchored in Jesus. Oh, he had power to save. I've anchored in the rock of a Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Sister Martha, if you'll bring your song this morning. Aren't you thankful you're rock anchored in the Rock of Ages today? [Music] This song is for the my Lord this morning. It's my testimony. [Music] This song is for my Lord this morning. It's my testimony and it became real meaningful to me in this past week. So how deep the father's love for us. how best beyond all measure that he should give his only son to make a wretch his treure. [Music] How great the pain of searing loss. The father turns his face away as wounds which mar the chosen one bring many sons to glory. Behold the man upon the cross. my sins upon his shoulders. Ashamed I hear my mocking voice called out among the scuffers. It was my sin that held him there until it was accomplish. His dying breath has brought me life. I know that it is finished. I will not boast in, no gifts, no power, no wisdom, but I will boast in Jesus Christ, his death and resurrection. Why should I gain from his reward? I cannot give an answer, but this I know with all my heart. His wounds have paid my rent. Why should I gain from his reward? I cannot give an answer. But this I know with all my heart. His words have paid my rent. [Applause] Thank you for that. &gt;&gt; Aren't you thankful for the father's love today? And let's sing that song. You are my all and all. You are my all and all. Oh, you are my strength when I am weak and you are the treasure that I seek. You are my home. Oh, seeking you as a preious. I want the Holy Ghost, too. You are my only [Music] I'm singing Jesus. Oh Jesus, [Applause] oh lamb of God, oh worthy [Applause] is your name. Oh my Jesus, oh of God, oh worthy [Music] is oh taking my sin now. Oh, take it my sin, my cross, my shame. for I sing again. I bless your name. You are my all in all. Oh, aren't you thankful for this this morning? That when I fall down, you pick me up. Oh, when I am dry, you fill my cup. Oh, you are my all. Oh, let's all stand and sing the chorus now. Oh, Jesus. Oh, lamb of God. Oh, can you say he's worthy? This is your name. [Music] Oh my Jesus. Oh the lamb of God, how worthy is. Oh, let's sing that second verse once more. down and taking my sin, my cross, my shame and rising again. I bless your name for you are my all in all. And when I fall down, you pick me up. When I am drawn, you fill my cup. You are my all in all. Oh, sing it to him now. You're my Jesus, [Applause] holy [Music] God. How worthy is your name for you're my Jesus. [Music] Oh the lamb of God. Oh worthy. Oh sing the chorus once more now. Oh, you're my Jesus. Oh, the lamb of God. Oh, worthy is your name. My Jesus for the lamb of God. Worthy. Oh, can you say he's worthy today? Amen. As we invite our pastor to come to bring the word, let's sing that song. I won't go back. I won't go back. Have you made that declaration? I won't go back. I can't go back. Have you been changed? You've been healed. You've been freed. Delivered. Well, let's sing this now. Well, I've been changed. I've been healed. Yes, I've been free. I've been delivered. Oh, have you found joy? [Music] Oh, so much peace. that amazing grace. Oh, and favor. And right now is the moment. Oh, today is the day I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. All declare it now. Say, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Oh, and I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Before your spirit came. Oh, I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. Oh, I've been healed. Oh, I've been free. I've been delivered and I found joy and peace. Amazing grace. I'm highly favored. And right now is the moment. Oh, today is the day I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. And I say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Oh, and I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came. I sing it now. and all my shame. Oh, all my guilts. Oh, and my sins, they've been forgiven. Now there's no more change. Oh, no more fears. Oh, and my past is finally over. And right now is the moment. Yesterday is the day I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. Oh, and I won't go back. Can't go back to the way used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Oh, and I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit. Oh, I sing it again now. All my shame, oh my shame, all my kids. Oh, all my all where they've been forgiven. Now there's no more chains. Oh, no fears. away. My past, my past is over. And right now is the moment. Oh, today is the day I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. Oh, hey, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way you used to be. Lord, your spirit came and changed me. Oh, and I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. I'll sing the chorus once again. Oh, and I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Oh, and I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. Lord, your spirit came and changed me. Oh, if you're thankful he came and changed you, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise this morning? Oh, and what can wash away my sins? Oh, and nothing but the blood of my Jesus. Oh, and what can make me whole again? Yes. Nothing but the blood of my jeans. I'm singing. Oh, how precious is that? Oh, that makes me wide as [Music] of Jesus. [Music] All the gel of the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious. He's the f that makes me w as snow. No other ground. I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus will now find this. I'll overcome. Nothing but the blood of Jesus will now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus will hold. Precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. Amen. I want you just get out your seat this morning and welcome somebody in the house of the Lord. Well, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Well, nothing can for sin atone. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. The heart of good that I have done. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other grounds. I know. Nothing but the blood. Now by this I'll overcome. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Till now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus will precious the flow that makes me white as snow. No other mothers I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Amen. Aren't you glad we have a place to turn to this morning? Amen. Nothing but the blood of Jesus has made a way for each one of us. Amen. I sure appreciate our sister song here this morning. Now, what a tremendous uh word of encouragement that upon the shoulders of one was carried our sin. Amen. And he he he died a sinner that I might be saved by grace. Ain't that isn't that wonderful this morning that that he died and I rose free. Amen. We didn't even have to die the death. But we just certainly thank God for all that he's done for us. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. How many say it's good to be in the house of the Lord and Amen. We just certainly appreciate all that God does for us. We just want to remember uh those that are sick this morning in in uh in prayer and it's that right there. Can you mute it? Thank you. Um the the um just remember those in prayer and and uh that are sick. I know Sister Mariah just had her baby yesterday and and so we just thank God for uh bringing them out well and had a beautiful little baby girl. And so we certainly appreciate the Lord for that. And I know there's many that are still in need and many that are sick and uh remember brother Tom really wants to be here and be a few more weeks and and so just waiting on a doctor report for him. So just remember him in prayer and also sister Lillian. We can't wait to have her back with us and sure appreciate sister Tanisha and laboring and playing the piano for us and just been tremendous. God bless you. And she don't she don't make a a deal out of it, but her hands really bother her and so it's hard for her to play service after service, beginning and end. and and but she's labored to be able to be here and and a lot of times needs to be home and she helps take care of her dad. That's and so we just just thank God that she's able to come and and uh be here and so just remember her in prayer and thank her for her labor and remember brother Randall many uh needs this morning. So, let's just bow our heads together and if you have something on your heart that I believe that God is more than able, he knows what we have need of and and may he just give us something encouraging out of the word this morning. Let's just let's just pray to him. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you, Lord. And God, we're so thankful of all that you you do for us. And Lord, we just see your hand, Lord, that is working among the church. And Lord, so many lives and testimonies and things that have been done, Lord. And we just are so thankful, Lord, just to be in your midst, Lord, and seeing the hand of God moving. And Lord, we just ask you this morning, Lord, that you would meet each one here. And God, you know our our needs, Lord, what we have need of, Lord. We know every failure, every mistake. And Lord, we just ask you to have mercy upon us, Lord, this morning. And God, may you come and speak to your children. And God, may you be a blessing to the church this morning, Lord. That we would leave this place encouraged by the word of God. Lord, we just love you. And we thank you for all you do for us, Lord. And we'll be careful to give you the glory. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. We just want to invite you to the scripture. Uh we're going to read out of the book of Hebrews in the sixth chapter and we'll read uh start in the 13th verse and going to try to something I've been studying on and uh try to lay a foundation on it this morning. And but Hebrews the 6th chapter, we'll read from the 13th uh down to the 19th verse. Amen. And how many feels good this morning? Amen. Amen. Just sure good to be back with you and and uh just appreciate all the the brothers and the labor and that everyone does and I just an awesome church and I can't think of a better place I'd rather be this morning and sitting in the house of God and uh with with believers of like precious faith and fellowshipping around the word of God and it's just wonderful. God bless you. Greet our visitors. Welcome this morning. Amen. So we want to read Hebrews the 6th chapter out of the 13th verse. The Bible says, "For when God made promise to Abraham, because he could swear by no greater, he swear by himself, saying, Surely blessing, I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee." And so, after he had patiently after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. For men verilely swear by the greater, and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife, wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel, confirmed it by an oath, that by two immutable things, in which it was impossible for God to lie, that we might have a strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us. which hope we have as an anchor of the soul. And we'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word this morning as you take your seats. And uh I would like to speak on when impossibility meets immutability. When impossibility meets immutability, I know this is a very uh common scripture we've read uh many times and uh studied on Apostle Paul and any that's ever listened to the Hebrews uh series. there's uh there's quite uh uh great revelation uh laying there and and it always it always brings uh courage or encourages the church church to have revelation and so uh it's something that we think uh that we certainly thank God for and and one one thing brother Bram says I just want to uh kind of lay this as a foundation he said there's one thing about the word of God is that it never grows old because it's God it never grows old through every generation for 28 800 years or better, this word of God has been read by men and priests and it never does grow old. I've been reading it for some 35 years. Each time I read it, I find something new that I looked over the first time. And because it is inspired by God, it is in letter form. It's the attributes of God speaking forth and placed on paper. I wonder how many today that could say that that that they've been reading this same uh Bible for 30 years. How many can say that you've been reading it for 30 plus years? Go ahead and raise your hand. Let everybody see that that you've been How many's has been reading it for more than 40 years? And maybe maybe there's still some that uh that's been reading it for 50 years. Y'all go ahead and just show your age. It's okay. Everybody can look around. But many that's been more than 50 years that's been reading this same Bible. And I wonder that as you've been reading it, you would have that same testimony this morning that every time I read it, I find something that I looked over the first time I read it. Here, a prophet of God that had a great revelation. And he said, "But I I find something new every time I read it because it is inspired. It is God in letter form, and it's the attributes of God speaking forth and placed on paper." Isn't it something that the word of God is so alive that that that it can speak something to every little need that you have, any uh something that you're going through that there's something there that uh that God can just bring alive right whenever you need. He said, "See, many times people say that the Bible was written by men." He said, "But it couldn't have been written by men. It was written by God." And even the even the Bible says it it was written by God. It was God's word. It is the word of God and it can never fail. Jesus said, "Heavens and earth shall pass away, but my word shall never pass away. Men's words will fail, but God's words will never fail." He said, "It can't fail because it's God and being a part of him, it can't fail." Said, "Then what about you this morning? Being a son and a daughter of God. If you are a part of it, it makes you a part of him." And that's why we can come and fellowship together around the word of God. So if God can't fail and God's word can't fail, then if you ever have that word on the inside of you, that's why we'll never fail. That's why we'll make it. That's the uh that's the very promise that's laying in the Bible today. So that's why we come to the house of God. We come today uh Sister Nisha for that very purpose is to fellowship around the word of God. And we we come to draw strength from the word. We come to draw courage from it. I thought, you know, in an age of lies and in an age of deceit, it you can't turn on the news without seeing somebody lying to somebody. Everybody's trying to deceive somebody to get them to follow after their cause. But I think in the age of all the lies, in the age of all the deceit, I thank God that we have a place to go that we can just hear truth. How many say amen? That there that there ain't no motive. There's no there's no outside agenda that we just can come and open up and hear the truth of God's word. friends, I've never heard of an age that needed truth more than the age that we're living in. I I've never seen a people that needed truth more than the people that uh that we uh are around today. And that's why Jesus said, he said, "If you abide in my word, you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free." That that's what we need today. We need the truth of God's word. That's that's what the Bible said in in First John, he said, "Let us love with words. Let us not love with words or speech, but with actions and in truth." So I believe the word of God, this truth of God's word, when we come to this uh this house of worship, brother Mark, we come expecting to hear truth. How many say amen? And not only do we come expecting to hear truth, but we come expecting to see truth in action. Say, see, so God's truth is is something that's active. His truth is is something that has been made alive. And you know, it doesn't matter what it looks like on the outside or how we feel. I I I believe that this morning that when it doesn't seem like God is moving and it doesn't seem like that that your prayer is being answered in the way it should be and sometimes it feels that way. I I may as well just lay it out there. But sometimes we feel abandoned by God. Sometimes we feel like we pray and God isn't hearing us and God isn't answering and God isn't moving quick enough and and things aren't happening like they should. But friends, regardless of how we feel, there's one thing that we realize is that God is a present God. How many say amen? Regardless of what we feel like this morning, that God is present. He's present among his church. He's present among his people. He's present among his children. And he comes to us in the form of the spirit of truth. So when you hear truth, you're hearing God. When you hear truth, it's a it's a a proof or a vindication that God is present among you because God only speaks truth. The Bible said he is the spirit of truth. He was and when he comes, we receive him. Brother Brian, we when whenever truth walks in the door, there's a people that will receive the spirit of truth. That's what Jesus said. He said, "When the spirit of truth, the world can't receive him, but you as believers, we receive him." He said, "The world seeth him not. They don't know him." He said, "But you know him because he dwelleth with you and he shall be in you. And I will not leave you comfortless, but I will come to you." So Jesus said, "I am the spirit of truth and I will not leave you." So here when we hear truth this morning, you say, "Well, why why are we why are we talking about this this morning?" Because I want you to realize that the spirit of truth is the presence of Jesus Christ and he's among the church this morning presenting himself to you as this great spirit of truth. And I I believe that he's here. He said, "I will not leave you comfortless." I believe, how many believe that we have a truth this morning? So if you believe that we have a truth and you believe that we're not left comfortless and we're we're not left without God, but God is present among his church. I I believe that. And I believe he's still Jehovah Shama. I believe he's a he's a present God. That brother Mark was preaching it the other day. He's a present God. He's he's Jehovah Gyra. He He's all of those great redemptive names that was written in the Old Testament. Jesus Christ has fulfilled every one of them. How many believe that? He's Jehovah Gyra. He was our sacrifice. He was Jehovah Rafa, our healer. Jehovah Nissi, our banner. Jehovah Shalom. He was our peace. Jehovah Rahi, our our shepherd. Jehovah Sidkanu. The Lord is our righteousness. And you know when you can read every one of those great redemptive names, they can be found in the Old Testament. Each one of them represent the nature of who Jesus Christ was. They are each one a part of the character of God. And you know, I I think it's wonderful to read about the character of God here that God is a healer and God is a savior and God isn't a deliverer. Doesn't it give you courage to read about the character of God? that God is a He He's one that that that can overcome. He's an overcomer. He's one that can take people out of trouble. He can He can take those through a fiery furnace. He can take you through a den of lions. He can take you through a battlefield with a great Goliath. I love to hear about the character of my God. And and when you hear about this great character of God and you see, Brother Bobby, that he fulfills all of these great redemptive names. You know, I thought about it. I thought, but what good is all of those great characteristics of God if God isn't in our midst? What good is a savior if a savior isn't here? What good is a healer if the healer isn't here? What good is a deliverer if a deliverer isn't here? What what good is a shepherd if the shepherd isn't present among us? So, friends, I say this today that I thank God that he is Jehovah Shama. I thank God that he that he's here and he's present among us. It wouldn't it wouldn't matter. It wouldn't matter to anybody that God was a healer. If God wasn't present to heal you, it wouldn't matter if God was a savior if he wasn't present to save you. So that's what matters this morning. That he is Jehovah Shama and he is present among his church and and he's working among his children and he's here this morning. How many say amen? &gt;&gt; I believe that God is here. He's Jehovah Shama. That's what really matters. But Abraham says, "When a man once catches that vision of the invisible God and he knows that he's always present, there is something that stabilizes that man's thinking, it stabilizes his actions. And in the time of distress and trouble, it'll still make him look upward and above the things that are happening around him because he's looking at the unseen yet by promise." Now, isn't this something that stabilizes a man's thinking when he catches the vision of an invisible God and he realizes that God is always present? Friends, don't that don't you realize that's what we need to do this morning is to catch a vision of an invisible God. Brother Bobby, how many can catch the vision this morning of an invisible God? That's why we tell testimonies and preach of the of the nature of God and tell the stories that are in the Bible so that you can see that God is working in the Old Testament that that same God can work in your life. It's to get you to catch the vision of an invisible God and to know that God is present among you to do the same work that he's always done. &gt;&gt; Said see when we can catch that vision it stabilizes a man's thinking. You know there's very there's many examples of it in the Bible that very thing. That's what Isaiah said. He said, "Fear not, for I am with thee." &gt;&gt; Fear not, for I Somebody say, "I am with thee." &gt;&gt; I am with thee. &gt;&gt; Be not dismayed, for I am thy God. &gt;&gt; I will strengthen you. I will help you, and I will uphold you with the right hand of my righteousness. See, there's many times I've got a I've got 20 scriptures. I'm not going to read them all, but I got a bunch of scriptures uh many times that the Bible would tell us that God is with us. &gt;&gt; God is among us. God is in his church. He's with his people. You remember my favorite ones in Ezekiel the 35th chapter whenever God is talking to the land of Edom. And remember Edom was a great uh great uh military might the descendants of Esau and Edom had purposed in their heart to destroy the children of God. They they had came and they remember remember they said they're going to take over Israel and take over Judah and and and so here the Bible would tell us of the destruction that God is bringing upon Edom and and all of the curse that would be upon them and the bloodshed that would happen in the land of Edom and the death that would befall the land of Edom. And when you read Ezekiel 35, you can read it when you go home, but when you read Ezekiel 35, you can see the wrath of God being poured out upon this land of Edom. You say, "Well, what would bring the anger of God upon this this land of Edom?" Here's what God said. He said, "Because you said that unto these nations that these two nations shall be mine, and we will possess it." Speaking of Israel and Judah, "Because you eat them, because you said that Israel and Judah shall be mine." He said, "But you didn't know that I was there." Did you purposed in your heart to destroy them, whereas, but the Lord was there. See, so you see the mistake that Edom made was to not was to assume that God was not in the midst of Israel. You see the enemy? So, so because you assumed that I wasn't there, but here's what here's what you didn't realize, Edom, is that I heard everything you said. I heard the curse that you tried to put on my children. I I heard what you wanted to do to them. I I heard the plans that you had for them. And I heard when you said in your chambers that we're going to bring destruction upon them and and we're going to destroy them and we're going to possess them. Cuz after all, there ain't nothing to them. But I heard everything that you said about them. Friends, don't you think it's something that the mistake that they made was to think that God wasn't in their midst. I thought that's the way it is this morning. That's the mistake that the devil made is to think that God isn't in the midst of the church. Friends, I say trouble may come to your land, but God is in the midst of her. Sickness may come to your home, but God is in the midst of her. Trouble may come to your family, but God is in the midst of her. See, that's the mistake that the devil made is they didn't realize that God was there. Hallelujah. What makes me want to preach this morning to think that God was there. And the devil may not realize it, but let me tell you this this morning, friends, that there ain't no demonic force that can come into your land that God isn't there. There ain't no spirit of the devil that can come into your house that God isn't there. It don't matter what enemy would come about you, they will meet God. &gt;&gt; Isn't that something? Your enemies are going to meet God. &gt;&gt; Listen what he said. He said, "Therefore, as I live, says the Lord, I will deal with you according to the anger that you showed upon my children. &gt;&gt; The very purpose that you had for them, I'm going to turn it back on you. I'm going to deal with you with the anger that you had upon them, and I will make myself known among you in judgment." &gt;&gt; I thought, isn't it something? His presence will always be made known. He was made known among Israel in grace and made known among his children in mercy. But when it come to their enemy, he was still made known, but he was made known in judgment. Well, I thank God we have a of a a God that is among us this morning. &gt;&gt; Don't worry about your enemy. They'll they'll have their place. &gt;&gt; So, see, when he when he met you, he met God. &gt;&gt; Ain't that powerful? When your enemy met you, he met your God. When he when he came to your land, he met your God. When he comes to your house, he meets your God. It ain't you that has to withstand him, but when the enemy comes, he's going to meet God because God is present. &gt;&gt; Now, what a statement from God. I want you to know that I heard what you said about my children. &gt;&gt; You said you was going to pursue him, but I was there. &gt;&gt; God was there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You said, brother Matt, well, that was the Bible. What about now? &gt;&gt; Ram said, see, he said, God's attitude towards the people from the first Eden all the way to the last Eden. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. is wrapped in those seven redemptive names. &gt;&gt; In other words, that God's attitude never changes about it. It was if he ever was a healer, he's still a healer. If he was ever a savior, he's still a savior. He was if he was ever a shepherd, he's still a shepherd. But said that was actually the keystone of the Bible. It was the revelation that God never changes. And that his ways are as unchangeable as he is. Isn't that what Paul said? Hebrews 13:8, he said Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Ecclesiastes the third chapter, he said, "I know that whatsoever God doeth, it shall be forever. Nothing can be put to it, nor anything taken from it. And God doeth it that men should fear before him. That which hath been is now, and that which is to be hath already been." &gt;&gt; And God requireth that which is past. He says, "See here it is." He's an unchanging God with unchanging ways. &gt;&gt; See, what he did in the first, he will have to keep on doing until it's done for the last time. There will never be a change. That's why we tell the testimonies of what God has done in the Bible. That's why we read Bible stories. That's why we tell of how that God handles situations. That's why we tell the Hebrew children and Daniel and David a and Malachi, these great men in the in the stories of Simeon and the in the Bible as a young man. That's why we tell the stories because the way God that dealt with them is still the way that God deals with us today. He says, "See, we know exactly from the word which was recorded by the Holy Spirit how the first or the original church was founded and how God manifested himself in her. The word can't change or be changed because the word is God." &gt;&gt; Isn't that powerful? So, we read how God manifested himself in the first church so that we'll know how that God will manifest himself in this church. And that that I believe that's the way a church ought to be founded is to is to go back and see how God manifests himself among his children. Then then you can recognize God when God is really there. You you don't have to wonder is it God or is it not God or or is God in this or is God in that. All you have to do is go back and see how God manifests himself the first time and then you'll know how God is going to move today. So see the word of God is truth and I believe it brother Brian it's truth in action. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not just a truth, but it's truth in action. You know, I I believe that how if God done works before, he's still doing work now. You believe that? I I believe if he's God of the book of Acts, he's still God today. &gt;&gt; You know, a couple weeks ago, we had gone up and and had a request from a family that had had been witnessed to and uh some of the other members in the church had been witnessing to them. And and so they asked us to come up and I went I flew up there up north and and uh sit went to sit down at their home and we were going to visit and and uh and and and share some scripture and have a little service in their home and and uh you know I was walking out of my office. I thought this was it was such an odd thing. I was walking out of my office and I picked up my I picked up my Bible and you know I had my tablet with me and picked up my Bible and uh started out the office door and I got about two steps towards the door and something just something just a little burden come upon me and you know I stopped for a minute. I thought, "Well, Lord, is there, you know, I don't is there something wrong?" And and uh and something just spoke to me to put my Bible back down. And I thought, "Well, that's just an odd thing to think. Why wouldn't I take my Bible? I'm going to go sit and visit with some people and and minister to them. And you you know, I'm not going to go without my Bible. I'm going take my Bible with me." And I started out the door again and and and then something just spoke to me and said, you know, it would mean more to them out of their Bible than it would out of yours. So I thought, well, you know, Lord, if that's you, I'll just lay my Bible back down and and then if it ain't, I'll just look it up on my tablet, you know, and so but but I but I I you know, you just want to obey the Lord. So I took my Bible and I laid it back down. I thought that's the oddest thing that I've ever that I've ever felt. And you know, we I went out and and uh got on a plane and flew out there and and got in a layover and a brother called me and on the phone he was talking about some other things and and uh while he was visiting and and I told him, I said, "Brother, you know, the oddest thing happened to me today. I was flying out here to uh minister to this family and and uh and you know I took picked my Bible up and I said I just felt like it was the Lord that told me to put my Bible back down and not take it with me and he said well that's strange why would you know that why would I said I don't know it was just it was just an odd thing and I didn't tell nobody else just the brother happened to call so I shared it with him I said if you don't care just be praying about this tonight and uh that the service and everything would would go well and and uh and you know I just trust the Lord knows all things and and he said sure I'll be praying praying about it. And so I went on and and uh and got uh to the house and uh they w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w w walked in there and had the uh family there and I walked in. I noticed when I walked in there was a Bible laying there on their uh coffee table in the living room and we we had went on in the kitchen and and uh so I didn't think nothing else about the Bible. I just sat there and just kind of visiting and hearing some stories about their life and their testimony and and uh the one lady had shared of how that she was baptized and uh kind of coaxed into baptizing and receiving baptism in the in in in titles and didn't really understood what it meant and and uh and you know she was talking about how that when she went and she she was sick and having back spasms and all these things and and you know and told her her parents that she didn't want to go through with it because of that and and you know they kind coached her into it," she said. But I knew it wasn't right. There was something that was wrong about it. I didn't know what was wrong about it. But but my whole life, ever since then, I've always thought that it was wrong, that there was something uh uh more to it. And you know, I said, you know, uh you know, if if you if you don't mind, do you have a Bible laying around somewhere? I'll show you something in the scripture. And she said, "Oh, sure." And she got real happy and ran ran in there and and brought the Bible and laid it down. and and uh so I just asked the question knowing how that they had been raised and in the uh raised in you know baptizing in titles and believing in in the trinity and these things and you know and I said you know I said isn't it you know it's something you know that there's a father and a son and a holy ghost and said yeah we've always we've always known that and I said yeah you know that's that's just a a real thing I said well which one of them is Jesus's father and well it have to be the father after all it's called the father I said well that's simple enough you know the father certainly the father because his name's father and he's the son. So that was a that's an easy thing to pick up out of the scripture. And I said, "Yeah, sure enough that that's right in the Bible." And I said, "Yeah, so Jesus, his father was the father." I said, "Yeah." So I turned over to Matthew and opened up and says, "The birth of Jesus was on this wise that uh Mary was found with child of the Holy Ghost." And so I read that and you know, let me see that. So we kind of turned it around and they got to looking over and said, "Well, he was she was found with child of the Holy Ghost." Well, that that's kind of odd because we thought the father would have been the father but but now the Bible says that he was found with child of the Holy Ghost. So which so then the the husband he asked this very question. I know it was the Lord but way it was way way he asked it. He said well then who was the father? I said you know brother I said that you ain't the first person that ever asked that question. Said because it was asked by the disciples remember they came to Jesus and said show us the father. I said but let me show you how Jesus answered that. I'm not going to answer. But I just turned the Bible over to Luke the 4th chapter and and I turned it around. I hand it over to him and he was kind of just a little bit broken up English and but I he put his finger on that page and and and he said, "Well, show us the father." And he put his finger on that page and went to reading it and he said, "Have I been so long with you and you have not known me?" And I'm telling you, whenever he read that, the spirit of the Lord just dropped down in that in that kitchen and and uh they got to weeping and just ju just just feasting on the revelation. And then and then all of a sudden his wife she said you know that this Bible has been laying in our house all this time. She said and to think that God would give us a revelation right there out of our own Bible and her very words and God is my witness. Her very words she said it mean it means more to me that you could read that to me out of my Bible than it would if you would have brought your own Bible and read it out of it. And you know, I couldn't I couldn't help I couldn't help but call the brother and I said, "Brother, could you share with his family what what I told you today about my Bible?" It was odd. He said, "You mean all of it?" I said, "Brother, just as straight as I told it." He goes, "Well, it was kind of odd, but he told me that that he went to get his Bible to bring it to this meeting and or to the meeting and the Lord told him to put it back down and it would mean more to them reading it out of their Bible than it would be if he read it out of his." And they just got to praising the Lord. And after a minute, she said, "Well, this ain't no different than the Bible coming to life." That's the same things we read about in the Bible that God is doing right in our kitchen. I thought, "Isn't that our same God? It's God that is with us. He's God that among his children." That's why Brother Ram said, he said, "How God acted, how he manifested himself in the first church. He still manifest himself to be the word of God. He still manifest himself today." I I thank God that it's God in action. Brother Martha, he knows exactly what we have need of. You realize how of a little thing that is. What a a small thing it is to us to think about reading a scripture out of one Bible or another. It's such a minuscule thing. It wouldn't mean anything to anybody, but it meant something to her. I think that God is so mindful of our of our feelings and our thoughts and knowing what we have need of. I thought, God, I thank you, Lord, that you would allow us to be sensitive enough to the spirit of God that you could see some small thing that would be a help to somebody. That's our God. He's present among the church. See, sometimes we wonder how how you know that God will do a certain thing, but we realize that God's attitude, it never changes. God's attitude towards certain things, it never changes. Here's what Paul said. He says, "Wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto you the heirs of the promise of immutability of his counsel, he confirmed it by an oath that by two immutable things. One in that it was impossible for God to lie." Now, Brother Bram lays this out. He says immutability means unchangeable. Isn't that right? Immutability means unchangeable. He says, "So God cannot change. It has to remain the same." So if God ever healed one sick person, he can never change his attitude. If he ever forgive one sinner or one prostitute, he can never change his attitude. And the immutability or the unchanging of God's word, he said in one place, I am the Lord that heals all of thy diseases. He said, so God has to stay with that because God said it. He's an infinite God. He know the end from the beginning. So if he said, "I am the Lord that heals all thy diseases," then he's still that same God. He's immutable. He's unchangeable. Says, "See, so as we read this, he said it was immutable. Two immutable things. It was impossible for God to lie." He says, "See, so an impossibility and an immutability is practically the same word." In other words, it can't change. It can't move. It has to remain the same forever. It can't be changed. The immutability and the impossibility. Listen, I I think this is so powerful because here the Bible would tell us like this. It says by two immutable things in which it was impossible for God to lie. So see, we have two things. First, his word said he would do it and it was impossible for him to lie. And then on top of that, just for God saying it, it was impossible for him to lie. He said, but on top of that, second, he swore an oath to it that he would do it. So he it made it an immutable thing. In other in other words, it was impossible for him to lie. But even though it was impossible, still yet he swore an oath and he made a promise to his very word that was impossible to be wrong anyway. But on top of that, God made an oath before the children of God that his promise would apply to them. You say, "Well, what was that promise?" Re said, "Look, look at this promise." He said, "Here, God has promised us by a sworn oath. One that he cannot lie. The other he swore an oath on top of that he will raise us up in the last day and give us eternal life." Knowing that after that we have been called, he said that he knew us before the foundation of the world. He predestinated us unto adoption of children through Jesus Christ. He forneew us. He called us. And when he called us, he justified us. We can't justify oursel. Said, but it was him that justified us. He justified us by the death of his own son. Those who he has justified, he has already glorified. He said, see, the word has already spoke. And it's impossible for God to lie. And he swore an oath to you. Can somebody say to me? And he swore an oath to you. A God that is his word is unchangeable. A God whose word cannot lie. Then that same God swore an oath to you. He said, "I've called you. I've justified you." He said, "And when he's justified, you've already glorified." He said, "His word has already spoken. And now we are just on our road going along and rejoicing on our way to glory." So, see, it's God that justified us. It's God that called us. He justified us. He glorified us. He said, "So, what are we doing? We're just walking along our road and we're and we're shouting the victory on our way to glory. We're rejoicing on our way to glory." Brother Bobby, the battle isn't for us. We're just rejoicing on our way to glory because it was God that made the promise. I don't know about you this morning. That makes me feel pretty good to think it ain't about something I can work up or how good I can be or or what I can do today so that I can make it to heaven one day. But I'm just walking on my way. Rejoicing on my way to glory. Rejoicing in the promise that God has already made. Rejoiceing knowing that it was God that called me. It was God that justified me. It was God that glorified me. It was God that changed me. He predestinated me. He purposed in his heart that I'd be with him before the foundation of the world. And I'm rejoicing on my way to glory. &gt;&gt; You see, it's God. David said, "God is our refuge and our strength. &gt;&gt; He's a very present help in a time of trouble." &gt;&gt; My not only does God know us, but we know God. Let me tell you a secret, friends. You don't know God like the angels know God. &gt;&gt; See, they know God one way, but you know God another way. &gt;&gt; Every one of you, if you think about it this morning, I wonder how many can raise your hand and say, "I know God as a healer." Amen. &gt;&gt; How many can raise your hand all over the building? A hundred or two. I know God as a savior. I know God as a deliverer. I know God as a as a prayer answer. &gt;&gt; I know God as a shepherd that can lead me out of trouble. I know God that knows that how to bring me out of a a desert into green pastures. &gt;&gt; I know God as a comforter. &gt;&gt; I know God as a sanctuary. I know God as a refuge. I know God as a hiding place. I know him as a keeper. &gt;&gt; David said, "He is our refuge and our strength and a very present help. &gt;&gt; Therefore, we will not fear. Though the earth be moved, and though the mountains be carried in the midst of the sea, though the waters roar and be troubled, though mountains shake, there is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most high, and God is in the midst of her." Oh, isn't it wonderful to know God said he's in the midst of her and she shall not be moved, &gt;&gt; but God shall help her. The heathen raised and the kingdoms were moved. He uttered his voice. The earth melted. The Lord of hosts is with us. &gt;&gt; The God of Jacob is our refuge. &gt;&gt; God is with us. He's our strength. Don't you realize the same God of the Old Testament is the same God of the New Testament. &gt;&gt; He was there in the Old, brother Bobby. He was there in the new. &gt;&gt; He was the God of Abraham. He was the God of Jacob. He was the God of Moses. He was the God of the apostles. He's a God of the disciples. Brother Joe, he's the God on the housetop. He's the God down in the cellar. He's God when you're sick and he's still God when you're well. He's God when I'm happy. He's God when I'm sad. He's God when I'm wealthy. He's God when I'm poor. He's God in the mountain. He's God in the valley. He's God in the desert. He's God in the sea. I know he's my God that my soul knoweth right well. He's my God in the time of trouble. He's my God when everything is going good. He's my God when I'm in a revival. He's my God when I'm laying in depression. He's still my God. &gt;&gt; He's God. &gt;&gt; He said he stands that same God that led the Hebrew children out of the fiery furnace. He's the same God that led Moses through the wilderness. And he's the same God that come bring ringing forth a power unto the church this morning through those mighty wings of that mother eagle or he he's come before the church the mighty Russian wind that is leading us out of our troubles. &gt;&gt; He's still God. &gt;&gt; He rode back a Red Sea &gt;&gt; for one. He closed the mouth of a lion. For another brother Marky he he he held the that the heat out of the fire for another. And that same wind is blowing through your life through this building this morning. He's the same God that takes the sting out of the trouble that you're going through. &gt;&gt; He's God. &gt;&gt; It ain't our power. &gt;&gt; It's his power. &gt;&gt; It ain't our strength. It's God's strength. It ain't our wisdom. It's God's wisdom. &gt;&gt; He's still God. &gt;&gt; See, sometimes, here's where we get to is sometimes our attitude and God's attitude aren't the same. Isn't that true? &gt;&gt; Sometimes we look at the same problem that God looks at &gt;&gt; and our attitude is different &gt;&gt; than God's attitude. But said, "See, he only requested one thing." Isn't it true? Can I just Can I just speak to you this morning? Isn't it true? Sometimes when you look at things there, there's so there's a mountain so big you can't get over it. There the the the valley is uncrossable. The river is too wide. The problem is too big. It's too deep. It's been going on too long. It's got too many roots. But but and we can't get past it. That's the way we look at it. &gt;&gt; See, but God's attitude is not the same. He says, "See, God only requested one thing." You ready for it? What he request of you as a believer? He said, "If thou can't believe." &gt;&gt; Said, "Oh, can you believe all things are possible?" He said, "If you can believe," he said, there's the question. It ain't if God can. &gt;&gt; The question is if you can. It's not if God can still move mountains or if God can still stay the mouth of lions or if God but the question is if you can. The question is not on God's word. He said the question is on whether or not you can believe God's word. &gt;&gt; In other words, when you hear a promise of God that you can from your soul and from your heart that you can say amen. Not just out of words or hearing or out of a out of a trained response, but is there something in your heart that can say amen to God's word to a to a promise of God? See, see, when it comes to the promises of God, isn't that what Paul said? He said when it comes to the promise of God, he said in Jesus Christ, the answer was yes. He said, in other words, that when Christ came, what was Christ's purpose? That he affirmed every promise that God had already made to his children. &gt;&gt; Christ was the affirmation of that promise. He said, "Then all that's left for you to do," he said, "in him it's amen under the glory of God by us." So in other words, the son of God, Jesus Christ, it was not yes and no, but it proved to be yes in him. In other words, he affirmed the promise. He said, "And as many as the promises of God are in Christ, they are all yes." So through him, then we say amen unto the glory of God. &gt;&gt; So the question is not on the promise of God because Jesus affirmed every promise of God. So it doesn't matter what it is. I I have a h I have a bunch. But but it doesn't matter what it is this morning. But but if but if God gave the promise in Christ, it was yes. And then all that promise is waiting on is waiting on you to say amen. &gt;&gt; It's waiting in order for it to come to pass in your life. And in order for the promise of God to take effect in your life, it's for the soul of that man or the or the the real heart of a man. It's just something in you say, "Amen. So be it. Be it unto me according to thy word." It doesn't matter what the promise is. See, see Isaiah, he said, "God will take a hold of your right hand and say to you," do not fear. I will help you. Jesus, Paul said, Jesus affirmed it to be true. And now he's just waiting on you to say what? &gt;&gt; To say, "Amen." He said, "I will help you." He affirmed it to be true. So, you know, God's going to help you. He's just waiting on you to say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; James said, "When the devil comes to torment you," he said, "Resist the devil and he will flee from you." Jesus affirmed it to be true. He's just waiting on you to say what? &gt;&gt; To say amen. &gt;&gt; When you pass through waters, I will be with thee. Through rivers, they shall not overflow thee. When you walk through fire, you shall not be burned. Neither shall the flame even kindle upon thee. But in Jesus Christ, it was affirmed. He's just waiting on you to say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; For the mountain shall depart, and the hill shall be removed, but the but my kindness shall not depart from me. Jesus affirmed it to be a true promise. He's just waiting on you to say amen. But when I come up to a mountain that you're going to make a way that I can pass by. When I come to a valley, you're going to make a way that I can cross over it. When I come to a great trial, you're going to make a way that I can get through it. Jesus affirmed it. He's just waiting on you to say amen. Lord, I believe thy word. He declared it under the church. She said, "I know the thoughts I have for you. My plans I have for you is to prosper you and to not harm you. The harm that comes upon your life, it don't come from God. It came from the devil." And Jesus affirmed it. And I say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; He gave me a way to get by. &gt;&gt; But my God shall supply all of your needs according to the riches of in glory by Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; He affirmed it. I say amen. &gt;&gt; Take delight in the Lord. He will give you the desires of your heart. &gt;&gt; He affirmed it. What do you say? &gt;&gt; We know all things work together for the good of them that love God and are called according to his purpose. He affirmed it. What do you say? &gt;&gt; If you shall confess with your mouth that Jesus the Lord is Lord and believe with thy heart that God raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. Jesus affirmed it. What do you say? First John said, "If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive and purify us from all unrighteousness." Jesus affirmed it. What do you say? &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all of his benefits. David said, "Who forgiveth all of my iniquities, and I say, amen." He heal all my diseases. I say, "Amen." He redeemth my life from destruction. I say, "Amen." He crowneth me with loving kindness and tender mercies. I say, "Amen." He satisfy thy mouth with good things &gt;&gt; so that thy youth would be renewed &gt;&gt; like the eagle. &gt;&gt; I say amen. &gt;&gt; Paul is speaking on God's promises. Think about what he's laying into Hebrews the sixth chapter here. He's speaking on God's promises. But I want you to catch this this morning just to be a enough to be a stopping point this morning. But what what was Paul's purpose of bringing this to the church? See, Paul had a real purpose. And his purpose was not to change our emotions or cause people just to act some way or to make the church feel good. But notice what Paul's purpose was in the 12th verse. Paul said that you be not slothful, &gt;&gt; but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises. For when God made a promise to Abraham, see, watch this purpose. For when God, he uses this as an example. When God made a promise to Abraham, he could swear by no greater. He swore by himself, saying, "Surely blessing, I will bless thee and multiply, and I will multiply thee." And so, after that he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. For men verilely swear by the greater, and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife. How many knows what strife? Strife is conflict. So, he said, "Here is the end of conflict." I think that every one of us can find oursel right here. &gt;&gt; We find oursel each one of us have been conflicted in our flesh. How many say amen? &gt;&gt; We've had each one of us have had moments in our life that we were conflicted in our salvation. We were conflicted in in in sickness or conflicted in healing and whether it God can or whether God will or whether God is able. We we've a each one have been conflicted in the promises of God. How many can be truthful and say, "I've been I've been there. I've been I've been conflicted. There's been times in my life I've been conflicted in that." But watch what Paul is saying that each one of us, we've had conflict. We've had a battle battles between our flesh and our spirit. But Paul settles this showing that by receiving this confirmation, it would end the conflict. This is what Paul's teaching in in in Hebrews 6. He says, "See, they swear by by by the greater and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife." Says, "So God made this oath to confirm the promise of God that would end the conflict that is within you." Amen. &gt;&gt; So here, when you're conflicted about God's promise and whether God is going to do what he said he would do or whether he's still going to heal or he's still going to save or he's still going to bring you through this trial, what whatever it is, but Paul said that, but the oath that he made, this confirmation is to end the conflict. You say, well, why why is that so important? Well, watch what he's what he's speaking of. He said here, this purpose is that you be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patient inherit the promise of God. So this is where Paul is getting to in this scripture is to show the church to not be a spiritual slugard. &gt;&gt; In other words, that you're not slothful spiritually. Here he would find the church in a condition that they would be slothful. and the slothfulness. Here Paul being a prophet of God, he identified where the slothfulness came from or the laziness or the or you know just the being the backwards but but but he saw where it came from and and and and he knew what it would take to bring them out of it. He says see so don't be this way but with faith and patience you would wait on the fulfillment of God's promise. &gt;&gt; See, so it's not see it's not God's will for us to be upset all the time. How many believe that? It ain't God's will for us to be happy when we get something and mad when we don't. It ain't God's will for when it seems like God's moving fast, brother Mah, everybody's running around and shouting and praising God. When it seems like he's moving slow, they're down in the dumps and barely barely even can get by, barely come to church, barely raise their hand, barely cl people just seems like we're like this all the time because we're human beings and we get this way. That Paul saw that as a prophet of God. &gt;&gt; He saw the slothfulness in the church. He said, "See, but this is not what God wants." And so when Paul saw this and he saw that God don't want this up and down and and kind of dragging through and and serving God this way, he said, "But what God really wants is God wants us to serve him with joy and with gladness." God wants to take the slothfulness out of our life and the the laziness of being Christians out of our life and cause us to serve him with joy and with gladness. And Paul knew what it would take to cause the church to to live in that kind of revival &gt;&gt; that no matter what happened or no matter what took place on the side or how up they were, how down they were, what kind of trouble they were in, Paul knew the very message that it would take to uh the confirmation of the promise of God that if they could ever get that oath in their heart &gt;&gt; that they could believe God's word as a finished work &gt;&gt; and it would change the way that they serve God. How many believes that? That God wants us to serve him with joy and with gladness. Listen, that's what Moses said in Deuteronomy 28th chapter. Said when God was dealing with Israel, you realize he was speaking of their blessings and all the cursing and and their enemies and their relationship to God and and the and and and how they they were supposed to follow the word of God. But here here this this great nation that had come against them. Listen what as God begins to deal with Israel, he says that this nation that you were made to rule over is going to rule you. Said your enemy shall be the head and you shall be the tail. Moreover, all the curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and take over thee till you be destroyed. They shall come upon thee for a sign and a wonder, and upon thy seed forever. This is why God would You say, "Why would God bring a curse that was upon their enemy back upon his own children?" He said, "But it will come upon you because you served not the Lord thy God with joyfulness and gladness in thy heart." It wasn't that they wasn't serving God, but listen, he said, "You serve not God with joy and gladness." s to see for the abundance of all things that you you hearing what I'm saying this morning. So it it should be a joy to go to church. You ought you ought to be able to come to church and enjoy the presence of God. It should be a joy to praise God. It ought to be a joy to come and worship God. Friends, there's a world of people today that go to church grudgingly. They go cuz they have to go. They're dragged in by your parents or dragged in by somebody else or some obligation or something. They go and they don't get nothing out of it. They they serve God out of obligation. But friends, I've got news for you this morning that you don't have to serve God that way. You don't have to be bound up and you don't have to serve God that way. But Paul said there is a way that you can serve God with joy and with gladness. There's a way to overcome the slothfulness and the laziness of serving God and being a revival in your heart again. And that's if you can open your eye and your heart to a revelation of God's promise and his oath that he has made to us. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if that oath could ever get in your heart, said, "Listen, you will serve your enemy because you don't serve God with joy." Can I put that in today's terms? In other words, you say, "Well, how can I serve God and not serve God with joy?" Let me tell you what happens. You become a a witness that is not an effective witness. &gt;&gt; You become a you're not creating an atmosphere where the spirit of God can move. You're not presenting a life that is desirable unto others. You're not causing anybody to want to be a Christian. &gt;&gt; When you get slothful and get lazy. I'm not picking on nobody. I I'm smiling. &gt;&gt; But but but but when you're slothful and and and you get this spirit of slothfulness and serving God in this manner, I promise I'm about to quit. &gt;&gt; And you serve God in that manner and don't serve God with joy and gladness. The people around you, well, they don't want what you got &gt;&gt; because you're all around you. I got to go to church this morning. &gt;&gt; Well, good. Have fun. you know. Yeah, I got to I got to go. They they need some help over the church. I got to go help them. &gt;&gt; Well, good. Have fun, &gt;&gt; man. It must be a It must be a chore being a Christian &gt;&gt; cuz you're you're you Oh, God. I'm going to get myself in trouble. &gt;&gt; Must be a chore to serve your God &gt;&gt; because you're depressed all the time. You're beat up all the time. You're negative all the time. There always problems. There ain't nothing nothing happy about it. Why would I want a a God like that? Come on. &gt;&gt; Who would want a God that would make somebody so depressed that they don't feel like getting up out of bed and in bed? &gt;&gt; Come to church sometimes, they're so upset all the time. They're angry and cranky and when you say something nice to them, they they they bite at you back. Well, who would want to serve a God that would cause a person to be that way? &gt;&gt; This is what Paul is correcting. &gt;&gt; This is Paul's correcting. &gt;&gt; This is what Paul is correcting. &gt;&gt; Said, "Don't serve God with slothfulness." See, we have a way to serve God. But Mark, we want to serve with joy and with gladness &gt;&gt; so that when people see you, your testimony is effective. &gt;&gt; Your your witness is effective. It causes people that are around you to want to know the God that you know. &gt;&gt; Why? Why are you like you are? It's like that that spring brother used to talk about. Remember, he said here it would go by and it was always bubbling. I asked him, you know, spring, why are you bubbling? He said, 'Is it because the deer drink from you? No, that ain't it. Is it because the the the other animals, they come and drink from you? No, that ain't it. Is it Is it because I bend down and drink from you? Is that why you're bubbling all the time? No, that ain't it. Said, "But what caused you to bubble?" Said, "Well, there's something way down deep in me. I can't I don't even know where the source of it is, but there's something way down deep in me that's bubbling up all the time. I can't even control it." Friends, that's what Paul wants us to get to. Get to a place that we can serve God with joy and serve him with gladness. that there's something bubbling in our heart. I know it's a simple thought, but there's something bubbling in our heart and in our soul that the people around you want to know the God that is present in your life. &gt;&gt; Be a witness, a testimony. &gt;&gt; Serve God with joy and gladness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; David shows us we don't serve him out of obligation as the music players want to come. We don't serve him with obligation but with joy and with gratitude. said, "See, God desires," listen here, David say, "God desires a heartfelt worship." &gt;&gt; You think of this. Nobody I can't tell the ex. Look at my filter. Praise the Lord. He's been helping me with that. It's working overtime. But you think God don't know or God knows that whenever we serve God and it's not heartfelt, &gt;&gt; we don't that we worship, it's not heartfelt. God don't want that. He don't He don't want us just to go through the motions and clap when everybody's clapping and amen when everybody's amening and shout when other people are. He wants us from our heart. God wants heartfelt worship &gt;&gt; with joy and gladness that we serve God. He wants us to desire to go to church again. &gt;&gt; God wants that desire from him. He don't want you just dragging in here. You're an elder or you're a youth or or but but God God called you. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's purposed in his heart that you would a desire that you would that you would love him like he loved you. &gt;&gt; Do you realize, can I say this, that Jesus did not go to the cross grudgingly? &gt;&gt; I can't believe I'm even doing this. &gt;&gt; It was not that way. Although he battled with the flesh, but it wasn't grudgingly. &gt;&gt; It wasn't. But but but it was it was in his heart to do. &gt;&gt; And that's the way that he wants us to serve him with a heartfelt worship. David said, "Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all you lands. Serve the Lord with gladness, and come before his presence with singing. Know ye that the Lord, he is God, and it is he that hath made us, and not ourselves. We are his people, and the sheep of his pasture." &gt;&gt; So enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and enter into his courts with praise, and be thankful unto him, and bless his name. For the Lord is good and his mercy is everlasting and his truth endureth to all generations. Won't you stand to your feet this morning? See the absence of joy and gladness in serving God. Brother Joe, it shows a lack of true understanding of God's blessing. If you can serve God without joy and gladness, it shows that you really don't have a revelation of God's blessing. &gt;&gt; So, we're not we don't we're not glad. Whenever God does something good for us, we serve God with gladness. Even in trial, even in good, even in bad, because we have a real true understanding of the blessings of God. Friends, I'll tell you, I can just say this because I know some people get it mixed up, but I went over first time I ever went to India, that was the first revelation that the Lord showed me. I met the happiest people on earth that didn't have one thing. They didn't own a possession. They didn't own homes. They didn't have a car. They barely had any food. And they were the happiest people I ever met. I thought, "The Lord really, he really showed me something." But they had met their Lord and Savior. And they had a revelation of what God's blessing really was. It wasn't, "Well, if God will give me something better tomorrow, then I'll really I'll come to church on fire." Boy, God done blessed me. Got a new truck. I'm going to be shouting this week. But that ain't what caused them to have joy and gladness. wasn't on possessions, but it was a real revelation of the blessings of God. So that's where that's what Paul is trying to show us if we can get to this place. Don't be a slothful follower. He shows us that the way to overcome this slothfulness is by getting the revelation of God's promise. that his oath to us as believers. When you see the promise of God as a reality, it brings you out of slothfulness and into joy. &gt;&gt; Isn't that something? He brings you out of this place of slothfulness. I believe that this morning that it ain't just it ain't just that when God fulfills his promise, it brings joy. But to a real believer, it's just when God gives a promise, it brings joy. &gt;&gt; That's enough for us. Is it wonder how many lift their hands say, "Brother man, that's the way I want to be. Amen. &gt;&gt; I can just hear the promise of God and it brings such joy. You remember what it what it was like whenever you could just hear a little word of God and it brought such a joy and a and a revelation to your heart and my you just went to rejoicing and praising God just for a word. &gt;&gt; Wasn't nothing manifested. It was just a word. This is what Paul's saying. Get us out of our slothfulness. Take the word of God. Take the oath of God's worth. It can't be changed. It was God's promise. It's immutable. It's unchangeable. It's impossible for God to lie. If you can ever get a hold of that, said it'll bring you out of that slothful way of serving God and serve him with joy and gladness. Amen. Let's just bow our heads this morning. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, you see the desire of our heart, Lord, this message of Apostle Paul, Lord, as he would bring to the church and God that it would bring us out of this condition, Lord, how easy it is to get into, Lord, to allow this slothfulness and Lord, these burdens of this flesh to come upon our life and Lord, it's so easy to be burdened and to affect our worship. And God, knowing how the enemy no doubt does that for a purpose. Knowing that if he can ever get the people of God to fail to worship God from their heart. And Lord, if he could ever get us to that place, then he can bring us into a defeated state and just pour on us just burdens and pressure. And but Lord, knowing that if they can ever break out of that in a true spirit of worship, God, that the very promises of God would take place in their life. I know the devil knows that. And Lord, I just thank you for this word of encouragement this morning. God, I just ask you that this word of promise would ring true in every heart. God, may it find its resting place in the heart of every believer, God. That you would bring such a revival to our hearts, Lord. That we would that we would come out of that that old condition, Lord, that old slothful condition, Lord, that there would be a joy that is restored to our heart, Lord. May we be like David said, "Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation." Lord, may there be such a restoration of the joy and the gladness of serving you, God. May there be a pure heart this morning, God. Those that have a desire of it this morning, God. May you restore them, God. Take us back from that fallen condition, Lord. Set us up on a mountain, God, with the praise of God on our lips that the blessings of God may befall our lives. Lord, we thank you for it this morning, God. We give you glory for all in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh Jesus. Oh, I say let [Music] me [Music] lamb of God. Oh, how worthy is your name. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again, I bless your name. You are my ally. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my only [Music] will I say Jesus, [Music] lamb of God. Oh, how worthy is your name, oh my Jesus, [Music] oh lamb of God, I say worthy is your name. I know you are my strength. You are the treasure that I see. You are my ally. Oh, seeking you as a precious joy. I want the Holy Ghost to move. You are my ally. Will I say Jesus, oh my lamb of God. Oh, how worthy, worthy is your name. Yes, my Jesus. [Music] Lamb of God, can you declare him worthy this morning? Lord, you've been so good to me, Lord. God, you never fail us. Lord, I just say you're worthy of all my praise, Lord. Oh, you were my sin. I cross my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are Lord. When I fall down, when I am right, you feel my cup. You are all [Music] Jesus [Music] God worthy. [Music] Your name Jesus [Music] God [Music] your [Music] When I am alone, [Music] when I you are my all in all, seeking you as a princess, I want the Holy Ghost to move. You are my all. [Music] Jesus [Music] help God worthy of Jesus. A God worthy is glory. [Music] Taking my sin, my cross, my shame, rising again, I bless your name. You are on my Lord. When I fall in my heart, you pick me up. When I am dry, you feel my love. You are my all in all. [Music] I say Jesus, [Music] lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, [Music] lamb of God. I say worthy. Worthy is your name. How many declare him worthy this morning? Can't be. Amen. Isn't he wonderful this morning? An unchanging God with unchanging ways. Gave a promise to us and then declared it by an oath. And we've we may see trouble and it may feel that way sometimes, Brother Bobby. But we've got an oath &gt;&gt; from a God that can't lie &gt;&gt; and that don't change his ways. Isn't it wonderful this morning to know? I know. I know how it makes you feel. I know how it makes me feel. I I feel just like the prophet felt. He said, "We're just going along and just praising God on our way to glory." Ain't that right? Do you love the Lord this morning? Won't somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise? When I look around and see all the good things that he's done for me, well, I know I'm un worthy of him all and all his blessings. He freely gives. I owe my life and I've got so much to think. Oh, I said I got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. He's been so very good to me. Thank you, Lord. And I say when I think of all that he's done me he's brought me from I've got so much to thank you for. Can you sing that chorus again? I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. He's done. glory. And when I think of all what kind of life he brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I say sometimes while on this way, I just stop my smile and kneel down and pray. Lord, I thank you for all that you've done for me. And I know one day soon I'll reach heaven shore. Lord, please let me heal once more. Cuz I've got so much to thank. Won't you just praise the Lord this morning? But I know I've got so much to thank. I've got so much to praise. you sees me. Thank you, Lord. I mean, catchy about that, Lord. You never fail me. And when I think of all that my God has done, well, I've got so much I've got so much to thank him for. And I say sometimes while on this way I just stop &gt;&gt; and I kneel and pray. Lord I thank you for all you've done for me. And I know that one day we'll reach heaven sure. And I pray let me kneel once more cuz I've got all eternity. I can spend thanking God for what he's done for us. I say I've got so much to thank you for. Yes, I've got so much to bring. You see, he's been so very good to me. And when I think of all that my God has done, where he brought me from, I've got so much. Can I sing that first verse again? I just can't help. But when I look around and see all the good things that God has done for me, I know I'm not worthy of them all. But I found his blessings. Thank you, Lord. He freely gives and I owe my life to him. Yes, I've got. Thank you, Lord. For to thank him for. Oh, yes, I've got so much to thank you for. So much to praise him for you. He's been so good to me. Well, when I feel what kind of life brought me from the Lord, I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so very good to me. Well, when I think of all he's done and what kind of life he's brought me from, I've got I've got so much. [Music] Let's all bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, Father, for giving us the opportunity, Lord, to come before you once again, Lord, to hear your word, Father. Lord, Lord, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for just speaking to us this morning, Lord. Lord, will you just not let us just hear your word, Lord, but Lord, will you just let us apply it to our lives, Lord? Heavenly Father, Lord, as we go from this building today, Lord, will you just watch over each and every one of us, Lord, heal those who are sick, Lord. Lord, we thank you for everything you do for us in Jesus name I pray. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you this morning, Brother Andrew. We'll be having him speak for us this Wednesday. And Lord willing, y'all be praying for them. And the baby and little Malachi Lord will heal him quickly. And I know it's hard to sit there like that. He's kind of an active little fella. He's not enjoying that in any way. So y'all just remember them in prayer as you go. God bless you. When I look around and see all the good things he's done for me, I know I know I'm worthy of them all. And his blessings freely give it out. I owe my life to you. I've got I've got so much to thank you for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. Well, when I think what kind of life he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank you. Well, I've got so much to thank you for, so much to praise him for. He's been so very good to me. Oh, when I of all he's done and what kind of life brought me. I've got I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I say sometimes while on this way I kneel, I stop and say, "Lord, I thank you. You've been so good to
