################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - The Authority of the Word  Pastor Matt Morse - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   The Authority of the Word | Pastor Matt Morse
Speaker: Matt Morse
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtVzZLgWYOs
========================================

[Music] And I live in the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am [Applause] able. I will sing of the goodness of God. For I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. Won't you just give him a hand clap of praise this evening in the name of the house of the Lord. Amen. We're looking forward and expectation that the Lord's going to move. He's going to speak to each and every heart tonight. Amen. We had some visitors. We'd just like to welcome you here and I'll just join right in. We're not scared of worship. We're not scared of praise. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. I'm free. Well, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, when I'm free. Praise the Lord, I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Well, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Oh, when I'm [Music] free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. One more time. Oh, well, I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains. [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. And oh the blood of Jesus. With all the blood of Jesus. With all the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. When I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. I'm thankful for the blood of Jesus. It washes white as snow. Well, there is power, power, wonder, working power in the blood of the lamb. Well, there is power, power, wonder, working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Well, there is power, power, wonder, working power in the blood of the lamb. I know there's power, power, wonder, working power in the preious blood of the lamb. One more time. I know there's power, power, wonder, working power in the blood of the lamb. I know there's power, power, wonder, working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Amen. You love the Lord this evening. Amen. Brother Brian, you care to open the service in prayer for us? [Music] Father God, we can call you on the Jesus, Father, that every heart would be open to whatever you have prepared for us tonight. Father, that we would meet all your expectations of this service, Lord. Bless the word as it comes forth this evening, Lord. Father, and bless every song that's sung, Lord God, and meet every need. We ask it all in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Before I've been singing since I laid my burdens down with glory, glory. I've been singing since I laid my first time. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I feel better. Feel so much better since I lay. I first down. Well, I feel better. So much [Applause] better since I lay my burden. Now I'm singing hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. But I'm going to sing. Well, now as long as I'm alive, it's going to be [Applause] praise. Well, as long as I'm alive, it's going to be shouting. There one thing that I know. Well, deep down in my soul. As long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. I'm singing hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing now. As long as I'm alive, it's going to be great. [Music] As long as I'm alive, it won't be shout out. Well, one thing that I know will be down in my soul. As long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. Let's sing that verse again. As [Music] [Applause] long as I'm alive, it's going to be sh. Well, one thing that I know, well, deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm going. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. I just I love to worship the Lord. I love the song, but sometimes you get going too fast, it's hard to breathe. Amen. That's how you know you're in a different atmosphere. It's hard to breathe up here where I'm at. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] She He's an old time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come anymore, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on God. Yes, he is. Well, you can ask the children of Israel trapped at the Red Sea. Well, by that green old Pharaoh and his great army, they had water and they roll on their track. Everybody know where God need to go a highway just like that. He's a long time God. Yes, he is. Well, he's a long time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there on time. an old kind of God. Yes, [Music] he you can ask the Hebrew children. They were thrown into the flames. They were only serving any other name. Well, the fire was seven times harder and it looked like home was gone. But in the midst of the flame that man came and the fire couldn't do any [Music] [Applause] [Music] hard. Yes, he is. He may not go, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he can ask the bride of Jesus standing in this final age. All around is getting darker, getting darker every day. But I know that she's not worried because of God is never late. Well, and when you think there's no way out, he'll snatch you right away. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. And sing it this way. Well, now he's a cancer healing God. Yes, he is. Well, now he's a cancer healing God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time. God. Yes, he is. We want to stand with He's an old time God. Yes, he is. Well, he's an old time God. Yes, he is. Well, he may not come when you want him, but he'll be there right on time. He's an on time God. Yes, he is. [Music] Amen. Do you believe that this evening? Amen. Our brothers, we come for offering. Amen. Do you just love the Lord and love his presence and thank you for what he's done for you? Amen. Brother Morgan, you care to go ahead and pray over offering [Music] [Music] [Music] Why would I worry? Giants come calling my name. My God is so much bigger. Troules I [Music] Hallelujah. I won't be [Music] to the [Music] Oh, strong. [Music] Amen. My God is stronger than [Music] Hallelujah. I [Music] I won't be. I [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] won't. It's time. [Music] My heart is my stat. [Music] What a thought that is. [Music] Glory for my ransom. [Music] My God [Music] [Applause] is [Music] my God [Music] is I speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Oh my God is bigger, stronger, [Music] [Music] you already know. There's no problem. That's impossible. There's no mountain to [Music] high. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing. Well, I won't be shen. My God is faithful. His heart is true. is so true. Will I speak to the mountain? [Applause] Oh, it's time to move. It's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, gater. Amen. Do you believe that this evening? Amen. Won't you go ahead and give another hand clap of praise? Amen. Did you have a song tonight? This song about chains are gone. This ain't a song about the past. No more songs about words like [Music] every song. No, my chains are gone. I found my freedom in you. Oh, I found a joy I can't lose. And I thank God it's true. You wrapped your arms around me. Heaven broke through the moment you found me. I found my freedom in you. [Music] I want to sing about a savior and the price that was paid. I want to sing about the blood that washed my sins away. No more songs about broken with words like defeat. Every mey sounding like I found my freedom in you. Oh, I found a joy I can't lose. And I thank God it's true. You wrapped your arms around me. Heaven broke through the moment you found me. I found my freedom in you. I found my freedom. Found my new found that healing and the tears running down. Found my beginning that has no end. Found my second chance. Found my best friend. Found my forgiveness. Found my happiness. I've been singing ever since. I found my freedom in you. Oh, I found a joy I can't lose. And I thank God it's true. You wrapped your arms around me. Heaven broke through the moment you found me. I found my freedom in you. I found [Music] my [Music] founding and the tears running down my face. Found my beginning that has no end. Found that second chance. Found my best friend. I found my freedom in you. [Applause] [Music] I speak the name of Jesus over your in your sorrow. I will ask my God to move. I speak the name in desperation. I'll seek heaven and pray this. I pray for your healing. Circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would free in Jesus and name. I pray that a break through it would happen [Music] today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. in Jesus name. [Music] of all authority. Declare in blessings every promise. He's faithful to keep. I speak the name no grave could ever hold. He is greater. He is stronger. He's the God of possible. I pray for your healing. The circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. May I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Oh come believe it. Come receive it. Oh the power of your spirit is now forever yours. We believe it, Lord. We receive it. Oh, in the mighty name of Jesus, all things are [Music] possible. I pray for your healing. Your circumstances will [Music] change. I pray that the fear inside will flee. Jesus name. Oh, I pray for revival, a restoration of faith. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name. I speak the name of all authority. Declaring blessings, every promise. He's faithful to keep. I speak the name no grave will ever hold. Oh, he is greater. He is stronger. He's the God of possible. I pray for your healing. the circumstances would change. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough it would happen today. Oh, I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name. [Music] Oh, come believe it. Come receive it. Oh, the power of your spirit, it is now forever yours. Come believe it, Lord. I receive it. Oh, in the mighty name of Jesus, all things are possible. I pray for your healing. Circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. Oh, I pray a revival, a restoration of change. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus [Music] name. Oh, come believe it. Come receive it. In the mighty name of Jesus, all things are possible. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Oh father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side. Holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers [Music] arise. Oh, let the sons and daughters sing. Well, I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let his sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Well, Father, I hear it growing louder. It's a song of your redeem. As a bride of every nation, our awakening to sing from our hearts. It comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song. A song to my king. Let the worippers arise if you all want to stand today. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters see I'm surrendering my own. I surrender to the king. Well, Father, I hear you growing louder. With a song of your redeemed as the bride of every nation, our awakening sing from our hearts that come. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song. [Music] Something I surrendering [Music] my I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redee has a cry out of every nation is awakening to sing from our hearts. There comes a man. Oh, hear the praises bring. This is our song. I sing to my king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters [Music] see. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Oh my Lord, I surrender to the king. I say all to Jesus. I surrender all to him. I freely give. I will ever love and trust you Lord in your presence day. How many can sing it tonight from your heart? Oh, I surrender all. I say I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior. I surrender all. Till I say all to Jesus I surrender humbly at your feet I bow. Worldly pleasures all forsen. Won't you take me? Jesus I surrender now. I surrender all. Yes, I surrender all. All to thee, my blessed savior, I surrender. Oh, love. Bless you tonight. Amen. If you have a need on your heart, want you just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God is mindful of what we have need of. How many is just glad to be in the presence of the Lord tonight? I believe that God has something in store for his children. I believe we have that right every time we come in the presence of God is that God would meet us there. It was a a promise that he made in his word. And so we just want to ask him to come tonight. And maybe if you have somebody on your heart or something on your heart, just let it be known to the Lord. And God knows all what we have need of tonight. Let's just bow our heads together as we invite him to come. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how wonderful that you are tonight. Lord, how privileged that we are to know you. Lord, we thank you for your presence. Lord, we recognize as believers. Lord, we recognize your presence here among us. And Lord, we just thank you for all that you give to us, Lord. All that you do for us. And Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord. That you would meet every need. Lord, you know every heart, Lord, the decisions to be made, Lord, the questions on our minds and Lord, the bodies that need healed, Lord, and you've never forsaken us. We're your children, Lord, and we on that promise here tonight. Lord, I just ask you to have liberty in this place, Lord. Every believer, Lord, may they draw from the presence of God, the very thing that they have need of. Lord, that they would leave this place knowing, Lord, that they've been in your presence, Lord, and their needs have been met. Lord, we rely upon you tonight, Lord. We just surrender ourselves knowing that we don't have any ability, Lord, and nothing that we could say or do that would help anybody, but God, may you come tonight, Lord, and let your word be alive among us. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ. We give you glory for all you do in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. How many say it's good to be in the house of the Lord. We just want to welcome you. Welcome all our vis visitors here tonight. Just trust that the Lord would say something that would be a help to you. Amen. If you come to hear me, you're in trouble. I don't have nothing to help you. But I know that this word does. Amen. There's there's a per you. It's the only place I know that you can come in sick and go out well. You can you can come in with an addiction and go out free from it, go out delivered. You can come in lost and go out saved. And uh there's a lot can happen in a few minutes in the presence of God. And so we certainly appreciate everyone for coming out. And just want to say uh the meeting was was a wonderful success and uh the tent meeting and so many of you was there. just really seen the hand of God in many situations and and lives and a lot of testimonies that come from it. And uh I had one lady that had kind of shared and the first couple of services she wasn't at the meeting but she was just watching on the stream and she had some sickness in her body and uh and uh some some pretty uh uh serious things and and so she was praying about it and watching the services and and uh and she said right in the middle of the service the Lord touched her body and healed her. So the next service she just packed everything up and came on up to the meeting and got in a revival one and brought she brought some Bibles and things from all of her children and and carried them all in there and said, "I come I'm going to claim my whole family if the Lord's able to do that for me sitting in my living room. What could he do with my family? So I come to stand on their behalf." And uh so we just saw the Lord uh really move and and appreciate all those brothers that that came and ministered. It really I fed a lot from it and got I just really enjoyed it. If y'all if y'all didn't have an opportunity to listen uh to Brother Andrew's message on Sunday morning, I would encourage you to do so. Any any believer ought to hear that message. Amen. And matter of fact, any any unbeliever ought to hear that message. And if there's any makeel believers, they ought to hear it, too. And and share it with your children and your mom and dad and all them. Make sure everybody uh everybody could hear it. And the last uh the last part of that just really uh I didn't watch it on the stream. I was there in person, but the Lord really moved and uh and in the the word that he was speaking, it was anointed of God and I really really uh it really meant a lot to me and you know I it it I know what it feels like to get out of your own self while you're listening to the the word coming forth and uh and that's that's what happened. The Lord just really moved and so certainly appreciate having our brothers there uh and people from the church there to support the meeting and heard the meetings here was just as well and had a great time in the Lord. Brother Joe brought the word of God and heard many reports from it. So certainly appreciate man of God that would hold down the fort. How many appreciates brother Joe and Amen. God bless you. Amen. We just love the Lord tonight. You love the Lord. Amen. How many loves his word? Amen. We just want to remember Sister Shakina. I forgot to say she just had the baby there and Rory's a couple year old twin little little girl. They sent a picture of some man she looks just like her big brother and but it was just just wonderful to see new life. Amen. So we just thank God for all that he's doing. You love the Lord, man. Won't you just reach around and welcome everyone in the house of the Lord tonight. And we're going to invite you to the Bible to the book of Joshua and we're going to read out of the first chapter tonight. first chapter and we'll turn to the first verse and uh just something about the presence of God. Amen. Amen. Joshua the first chapter. We'll read out the first verse and give you just a moment to turn there. Just when you get there, just say amen. We just want to remind everyone of the efforts that are being done on the church and it's just been a blessing so far. Everything's worked out really well and here in a few days we get to move forward on a on a little bit better project. We're all looking forward to so we're going to kind of bring that for the church here in a few days when we get everything worked out. So just to kind of ease everybody's minds. We're still working in that direction. So sometimes people ask but we want to uh take the word tonight and read out of Joshua the first chapter the first verse. And the Bible says, "Now after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spake unto Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Moses minister, saying, Moses, my servant, is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all this people under the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel, every place that the soul of your foot shall tread upon, that I have given unto you, as I said unto Moses, from the wilderness in this Lebanon, even unto the great river, the river Euphrates, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun, shall be your coast. And there shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life. For as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee, and I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. We'll just ask the Lord to add his blessing to the reading of the word tonight. If you want to take your seats and uh you know, we had started this um uh just a few uh weeks ago. we had first started in uh to speaking or reading out about the book of Joshua and and uh and we had started out in the stages of our journey showing how that they paralleled uh throughout the the span of Egypt and uh their wilderness journey on into the promised land and uh how it tied with the justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. And after that first uh service, we left right there at the border of Canaan uh and to pick up in the next service and uh where they had came to the end of their wilderness journey after being 40 years in the wilderness and they came to that place of about to cross over and uh and and brother Bram said, notice how when they came there that they before they could ever cross cross over into this uh promised land uh even though it belonged to them, even though it was promised to them by God, but remember Joshua had to call them to a place of sanctification in order to be able to receive it. So, uh, they couldn't just go in, but he said, "Sanctify yourselves and get ready, uh, because we're going to cross over into this land." And so, and then last Wednesday, we had picked this up, uh, in and and preached a message on pressing onward and showing, uh, we were speaking on Israel's battles and in the wilderness and how uh, that they fought uh, uh, battles to survive. They fought battles to they were fighting to eat, they were fighting to live, they were fighting to uh, uh, to gain position. you know, another day and another battle. It just seemed like everywhere they went kind of scattered around through the wilderness. But but they were always trying to to get to a better place and and make life a little bit better. And and we were showing how that that parallel to today and how that many people uh are fighting for something that isn't theirs. They spend their life fighting for uh fighting for a better life or fighting for a better home or a better way of living. All this inheritance that we're fighting for. And uh and many times we're just under attack of the devil. But uh but we realize that after Joshua took office that just four days later here they spent 40 years in the wilderness and within four days under the the the leadership of Joshua then they entered into this land of promise crossed over the Jordan uh to go into Jericho. And so uh we see that that God that what had God was doing there is what God done for us today. He said see he sent us a Joshua ministry and that ministry was not only to show you what was yours. It wasn't just to show you your inheritance or what land belonged to you, but that Joshua ministry, brother Mark, was sent to lead them people into an inheritance. So, it wasn't just to point to it or talk about it or show you where it might be or show it on a map, but Joshua actually led them into battle and he and he showed them how to possess it. I thought here he was a man that wasn't wasn't afraid of picking up a sword. He was a man that would that would carry it and go into battle. And so, tonight I want to carry this uh this on. And I would like to speak on the authority of the word. And um you know as I I was uh looking at this story of Joshua, I got to thinking about the man Joshua. And you know Joshua was a peculiar man. There was something that was different about him than uh many of the great men. And I don't I won't go through them all but you know I thought about the life of Jacob and how Jacob was with God. You realize Jacob was a man of reasoning. He always reasoned everything out. He wanted to know why this and why that and and he he wanted to see things. He he walked by sight a lot of times. But when it came to uh the man named Joshua, Joshua was a man, a man of great character. He was a man that he walked by faith. He wasn't looking for sight. He walked by the word of God. It was if God said it, it was good enough for Joshua. He may not been able to prove it, but he went anyway. Just that kind of a man. You ever notice sometimes when you see uh uh somebody that that that had this kind of uh resolve about him and and you know, when you read about Joshua early on in Israel, we don't hear nothing about Joshua. Matter of fact, I think in the in the Bible, by the time you hear about Joshua, I think he was about 40 years old before you uh read anything about his life. They had came out of Egypt. They went through this uh this great move. God had called them and and uh but but whenever we see him, we find out here he had come out of Egypt. We we find him in this place of uh when Moses had came to them and and he came down to Horeb and they had nothing to drink and they got thirsty and a drought had come on them and and and God had sent Moses to to strike the rock. remember. And then out of this rock or he struck the rock and God told him to speak to it and out of it would come this living water. And so it was at this time of this water that would come to the children of Israel. It would be a place of satisfaction, a place of of sustenium in this in this dry time. And uh which we realize was a type of Christ. Remember that's what the the uh Paul said. He said it was it was Christ in the wilderness. He was that rock. That's what Paul told the Corinthian. But but we notice that once they had this and they had the ability uh to have it, the first thing that happened after they had this water was the uh the Amalachites came down to take them uh to take it away or to bring a battle to him. And this is where we see Joshua his ministry or the or or where we see Joshua introduced in the Bible is Joshua was the man that was called of Moses to go fight this battle uh or this king Amalecch and them. And so, so, so I I thought it was something that here whenever they they had something, they finally had a little bit of something, they had this rock that would follow them through the wilderness. And I thought, isn't it something? It was just a type of the world that would come in and try to take what God had given them here. It may just been a little may just uh uh may seem like a little rock or something, but it was enough to feed millions of people or water uh them and all of their livestock out of it. But but when the enemy came to try to take it, but here Joshua raised up and and he took him over. And you know, you know, when you read I won't I won't go through them all, but when you read about the battles of Joshua, I found this to be something in common that when Joshua fought a battle, Joshua succeeded. In his first battle, it was successful. In his last battle, it was successful. The battles in between, it was successful. Joshua never lost one. Every battle that he faced, he was a man that just won the battle. I I thought it was something reading about him. He was a man that never knew defeat. And it was because he believed in God. He believed the word of the Lord. He believed the promise of God. He was a man of great faith. He was, if I could say it like this, Joshua was a man of great character. And he was relentless in his pursuit of the will of God. So once he knew what the will of God was, he wasn't a man uh that was willing to back down. He was he was a man that knew his position. But here he was a man of God. And we I love this story of Joshua's life when uh the Bible tells us we find Joshua one day as he's over by Jericho and he's getting ready to go into this place of the promised land and and the Bible I I love how it says because the Bible says while Joshua was there that all of a sudden a man appeared before him and he had a sword in his hand. Now most people that would have a man they were by theirel. Joshua didn't have a great army with him. He was a man by himself and here stood this great captain with a sword drawn. But you know what Joshua didn't do? He never fled. He never ran away. He never backed down. He never said, "Where's my backup?" The Bible says, "But Joshua went toward the man and he asked him, "Are you for us or are you against us?" I thought, "This is the kind of man that Joshua was." He wasn't fleeing from battle, but the Bible said he went to him and he said, "Are you of us? Are you of our adversary?" And the Bible said, "But the man spoke to him." He said, "No, but I am the captain of the host of the Lord." I thought my a man that was bold enough to stand before the captain of the host and say are you for me or are you against me? He was a man of great character. He was a man of great resolve and and but when he stood there the Bible said when he said I'm the captain of the host and that and from the Lord I now come the Bible said then Joshua fell on his face to the earth and he did worship him and he said unto him what saith my lord unto his servant and the captain of the Lord's host said to Joshua loose thy shoes from off thy feet for the place where thy stand is holy ground and Joshua did so I thought my what a character of the man named Joshua Joshua. You know what that tells me? It tells me that Joshua was man enough to stand his ground. He was man enough. He was enough of a man of God that he knew his position. He was man enough that he knew the promise of his inheritance. He was man enough to know that he had a right to stand before that place of Jericho. He had he was man enough to know that he had an authority to be there. He had an authority of the word of God to stand in that place. He was such of a man that when somebody would stand before him with their sword drawn that Joshua didn't run. But he went right down to where he was and said, "Who are you and what are you doing standing in my possession? Are you for me? Are you against me?" He was man enough to stand against any man. But let me tell you something about Joshua. He was also man enough to humble himself before the presence of God Almighty. I thought, what an example was a man named Joshua. He was man enough to stand upon the word. He was man enough to stand on the promise of God. He was man enough to stand on his God-given rise. But he was man enough to bow before the presence of God. He was man enough to worship God. He was man enough to surrender to the will of God. But Abraham said, "That's that's what kind of man we want to be." He said, "I I used to carry my Bible when I was a little boy and I love to carry it." And you know, until somebody told me one day, "You look like a preacher carrying your Bible." He said, "I didn't want to look like that. You know, I thought, well, my I'd look a lot you know, if I walk around and people think that about me." He said, "I thought a real man was somebody that was 6' tall and that weighed 190 pounds." He said, "But you know, I found out, friends, it takes a real man to carry a Bible." He said, "I wanted to be a real man." He said, "But you can't judge men by the size of his stature." Glory to God. Hallelujah. Let all the short people say, "Amen." You can't judge him. Hallelujah. Is there anybody? I'm the shortest man in here besides Brother Joe. And I say, "Amen." You can't judge a man by the size of his stature. He may look too short. He may be too tall. You might be too skinny. You might be too big. You might be too wide. You might be too narrow. But God don't judge a man by his stature. He said, "I've seen men that weigh 200 lb that didn't have an ounce of a man in him. But a man is judged by his character." He said, "And a real man will lose his own thoughts and his own thinking." He said, "And when you come up, you'll come up." I know what the devil says when you say he lose his own thoughts. And you know, you ever see a man that would lose his mind? he gets completely insane and they always start quoting scripture like they're spiritual or or some goofy thing. Said, "But when a man really gets in the presence of God, he don't come up out of his mind. He'll come up in his right mind. He'll come up with his right senses, but then Christ will take over him and express himself through him." And to the world, he may seem insane. He said, "But to him, but to God, it's a real man." See, it's our duty. It's our duty to repent. It's your duty to be baptized. It's our then it's God's duty or the God's duty to take you from there on and lead you from virtue unto knowledge unto temperance to patience to godliness to brotherly love and then the Holy Ghost heals you. He said then see you're a full stature of God a real man of God or a real woman of God anchored away in Jesus Christ. I don't know about you but I wonder how many would say that tonight that I want to be a real man or a real woman of God. That's the desire of our heart to be a real son or a real daughter of God. I say, Lord, let me stand tonight. Let me be man enough to be able to stand. Let me be man enough to be able to bow. Let me be man enough to speak, but man enough to be silent. Let me be man enough to walk, but man enough to be still. Let me be man enough to take action. But when God says hold, let me be man enough to hold. See, a real man or woman of God will be led of God. This is Joshua. I think this is such a paradox of a believer that a man, you ever thought about this, a man of God, the B Paul said Hebrews 4:16, he said, "Let us come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace in and the help in the time of need." Well, then when James uh 4:10, it says, "Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up." What a paradox it is to be a believer. One place says, "Go boldly before the throne of God." The other place says, "Humble yourself in the sight of God." God. See, there there's a great revelation of a believer that can be both bold and humble. See, because our boldness, it don't come from our own ability. I may as well preach. I'm here anyway. But our boldness don't come from arrogance. It don't come from from our from our raising. It don't come from how much money we got in the bank. It don't we don't approach God because we're somebody. So, our boldness, when the Bible says approach the throne of God with boldness, it it ain't our self-worthiness. It ain't our ability. It ain't how how many times I talked to the prophet. today how many times he blessed my family or or what kind of uh family that I came of our boldness to approach the throne of God. It ain't got nothing to do with all that because there ain't none of us worthy anyhow. But listen what Paul was really saying. He said seeing that we have a great high priest. May it makes me feel like preaching it that has passed into the heavens. It's Jesus the son of God. So let us hold fast our profession. For we have not a high priest that cannot be touched with a feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted just like we are. Yet he was without sin. So you see, our boldness is not in the face of God. Our boldness is to go before the throne of God. Our boldness is in the face of the devil. So he said, "Approach the throne of God with boldness." That's to let the devil know that I have a right to approach the throne of God. I have a I have an intercessor. I I have an adversary that can be touched by the feeling of our our infirmities. So my boldness ain't to tell God. See, I got a right to be here. But my boldness is tell the devil, you can't stop me from going there. I've got a right. It was paid for by the blood of Jesus Christ. I can stand before the throne of God and he's interceded on my behalf. Oh, I think that's what we ought to do tonight is to tell the devil, I have a right to meet God at the throne of God. I've got a high priest that won the battle. I've got a God that cares about my feelings. And it's the God that you couldn't defeat. It's that Jesus that you couldn't defeat at Calvary. He beat you at Calvary. He beat you in hell. He beat you in the grave. He beat you in the tomb. Oh, hallelujah. The one you could not conquer. That conquered death, hell in the grave. That's where our boldness comes from. Because I have a God that I'm serving that has won every battle that he's ever faced against you. So therefore, I go boldly before the throne of God, but humbly at his feet I bow. Now, isn't it wonderful? Boldly and humbly we can approach God. Listen what God says to Joshua. The seventh verse, it says, "Only be thou strong and very courageous that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee. Turn not from it right hand to the left that thou may prosper wherever thou goest." What a what a word. Can you hear this tonight? This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth, but thou shalt meditate on it day and night, and there and that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein. For then shalt thou make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success. So now we're seeing where Joshua's success comes from. Here God had given him when God would speak to him, he was telling him about the word that had been brought forth. And then he says, "Take this, meditate on it day and night. observe all that is written in it. I'll make your way prosperous. Then you'll have good success. See, because he would take the words of the law and all the Bible said all that was written therein. Somebody say all. All that was written therein and because he would obey it, brother Mark, it brought a blessing upon his life. Isn't that true? Watch the watch the blessing. He says the Bible says, "And thou shalt make thy way prosperous." How many knows what that means? It's a blessing. Thou shalt make thy way prosperous and then thou shalt have good success. But you realize this wasn't just for Joshua. But when Joshua speaks to the children of Israel, and he begins to tell them what God had commanded him. And he goes and instructs them on on how to to go forth into this battle. And after he would speak them, he he was telling them about their inheritance. And he would tell them where they would go and how they were going to receive and and how to how to how to handle the battle. And and then and then and then that God is going to is God is going to bless your family if you'll just follow the words of the book. And here Joshua lays it all out for them and says, "This is this is how we're going to obtain it. This is what God had given me instruction and and just follow what God says and and there's going to be a blessing that comes upon your household." And and I love what they say because in Joshua 1:16, it says, "And they answered Joshua saying, "All that thou hast commanded us, we will do, and wherever thou send us, we will go." I thought, "My, what an answer tonight." No wonder they prospered and no wonder they took the land that they were supposed to inherit. Brother Mark is because when they heard a word from the Lord, they said, "All that you say will do. Wherever you send me, I'll go." You say, "Well, why did they prosper?" Cuz they followed the words of the book. Why did they have success? Because they followed the words of the book. Why did they receive their inheritance? Because they follow the words of the book. And the Bible says that God brought the blessing of God upon their life. because they were willing to follow the word that God had sent unto them or or to them. I I thought my you you know many would look at this and say, "Well, you know, that's wonderful." But after all, that's just for Joshua and Israel. But but do you realize that we've been given the same order today? It wasn't just for Joshua. It wasn't just for them. And our order, it didn't come out of the Old Testament. It wasn't it wasn't keeping the Mosaic law. But you can find this in Revelations the first chapter in the third verse. The Bible said, "Blessed is he that readeth and they that hear the words of this prophecy and keep those things which are written therein." Here's our here here's our word to us. Brother Mark, you realize in this first chapter of Revelations that that what the what the Bible is showing this was the the the vision that John had. It was a revelation of who Jesus Christ was. So it was showing an authority who had authority over the church and how that Christ had been given authority over over death, over hell, over the grave, over heaven, over earth, over everything that was under the earth. It was showing the uh the supreme authority of Jesus Christ. In the first verse, it speaks for itself. It's speaking of a revelation of Jesus Christ. The second verse, it was St. John the Divine, showing who he was. He was a scribe and a servant. In the fourth through the sixth verse, it was a salutation to the church. In the seventh verse, it makes an announcement. In the eighth verse, he he declares the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. The ninth verse through the 20th, it's the entire Patmas vision or the or the Patmas vision as he begins to lay out. Also, in the 14th 15 verses, it describes the sevenfold glory of this of his person. And you know, brother B takes said, I I wish I could just preach a message on that. But but in the third verse, you'll notice in the third verse, it actually pronounces the blessing upon the church. And brother said, "Notice." He said, "It's in the consummation of the scriptures. The complete consummation, it's geographically placed at the right place at the end of the Bible. The revelation of the whole thing is placed right back here with a blessing to whoever reads it and who hears it and with a curse of any of them that would take away from it or add to it." So I thought, my you notice how the blessing comes. The Bible said, "He that readeth or or or they that hear, he that readeth, they that hear, there'll be a blessing upon them." I you know when you when you read this I I know that you could take that and read it and it would certainly that blessing would come upon you but whenever you actually read through the scripture you'll find out that this was a scripture or this this uh this revelation that John wrote was meant to be taken to the churches. Remember what God or Jesus told him. He said you take you take it to the seven churches in Asia. You deliver it to them. Make sure they they all get a copy. Make sure they make sure they hear what's here. Do you seal this part up? You keep this to the end. He gave him all the instruction on what was being uh what would be handed out and handed down into this age that we live in. So we realized that when he would give this to them, they would go that the that the minister of the church would take that was given and that they would go before the church and they would express it to the people. So they'd take that revelation. I thought, wonder what it was the first time that revelation was handed to somebody and they said, "The angel of the Lord said, read this to your church." I wonder when they got back there and went to reading it. Well, man, I never heard nothing like that. I I've never seen the sights of four-footed beasts and all these winged uh eagles and birds and caged birds and unclean and you know I never seen a sight of it but the angel of the Lord told us to read it before the church and and as they begin to read it listen what the Bible's telling them when you read it it's going to be read so blessed is he that readth and blessed are they that hear it so here when they were going to read it you know is actually speaking of an oracle in an assembly so here would come one that would read it to the assembly and the hearer would be those that would hear it so we realize It it was to be taken to them. It and and what this tells us, I I love this. I I I just think it's wonderful that it tells us that this revelation was not intended to be kept a secret. It wasn't intended to be kept in the mind of God, but it was intended to be preached. It was meant to be preached. It was meant to be heard. It was meant to be taken to every pullpit. It wasn't meant to be to remain a mystery. But there was coming a time that it would mean it would be meant to be revealed. And so, so it w it wasn't meant to be held back. So he says, "So you take it in even the the oracle and those that would hear it, they would they would receive a blessing from it." You know, I thought about this oracle of God. How many knows what an oracle is? The Bible says or or definition says the medium by which God reveals hidden knowledge or makes known a divine purpose. Isn't that what's taking place when you bring this revelation to the church? It's to reveal hidden knowledge or make known God's divine purpose. You know, when you when you look this word up in in in the Greek, the the word oracle, it has two meanings. It says the word of the Lord as it's found written in the law of Moses. And it's also a divine utterance of God. So the oracle, it's the word of the Lord as it's written or it's the it's the word of the Lord as it's being uttered. In the Hebrew language in 2 Samuel, you can read about it. Again, remember when the Bible would tell us they were searching for a word from God. The Bible says it was as if a man had inquired at the oracle of God. Here's that that that word was uh the Hebrew word debar which actually meant the spoken word of God. So it don't matter if you're reading out of the old testament or you're reading out of the new or new testament you find the same thing whether it's in Hebrew whether it's in Greek or whether it's in English it's a divine word of God being spoken or uttered. It's a divine word of God that's been spoken or uttered. I thought my isn't it something that God would call us to receive from an oracle of God because that's what God told us in the beginning. Remember, there's a power that comes behind a word of God that is spoken or uttered. Isaiah talked about it in Isaiah 55. He said, "Every word that God has ever uttered, the words that would that would that would come out of my mouth that would go forth out of my mouth, it will not return to me void, but it would do two things. One, it would accomplish what God intended for it to accomplish. And two, it would prosper in the thing that God sent it to." So that means when they would come to a pull pit and they would take this revelation of God and they would utter it before the people, it would do two things. It would accomplish the very thing God intended for it. That revelation, it would find the resting place. Every believer, they would say, "Amen." The unbeliever, they'd run out screaming, but it but it found its place and it brought back to God the very thing that God had intended for it. The divine purpose of God was done and it prospered in every believer. It prospered them. Think about it. Because they heard the word of the Lord. That's our that's our our blessing. The word of God. You let me tell you what the truth this this evening that the word of God will prosper. Here's what the Bible's telling us. It'll prosper in both the speaker and the hearer. Isn't that wonderful? You can't do nothing. You you speak about the things of God. And you allow God to use you to speak, you you'll receive a blessing for it. You you go testify to somebody, you're going to be blessed for testifying. But just hearing the word of testimony is a blessing to you. Hearing the preaching of the word is a blessing to you. says, "See, so whether you're speaking or hearing, it's a blessing of God." But let me tell you this, God is not just looking for an oracle that would repeat the word because this is where many people have gotten to. Well, I I can take the word and I I can repeat it. I can say it just like that. I can train up and and maybe read it or recite it in just the right way. And and y'all know I can't do that, but I get so so messed up and tongue tied sometimes. But but but that ain't what God's looking for. He's not looking for a parrot. Hello, somebody. God ain't looking for church parents that can recite scripture and go out and recite uh uh something about it, you know, and everything that happen in their life, just quote a scripture or put a a post on their on their Facebook page or something that that that that makes them a a believer or something like that. God ain't looking for church parents. He's looking for believers. He's looking He's not looking for just an oracle that can speak a word, that can repeat a word. But God is looking for an oracle that can manifest a word. Hello. There's some big difference between one that can speak a word and one that can manifest a word. You say, "Well, brother Matt, how is it?" Can I read it to you? Hebrews the 9th chapter, Paul said, "We are serving the living God with living oracles." Now, let me ask you this. What is a living oracle? It's not just a word that's recited. He said, "See, now notice Paul, he's not just saying like they go up like a Hebrew used to and and take his sacrifice. There was so many people that could follow the word like that. So many that could repeat it like that. Back then, they would take the sacrifice because the word said do it. So they'd go through the motion. They'd take a sacrifice. They'd come down the road, have a big a bulock, lay his hands upon it, and identify himself and and the and the shed blood. They go back justified because the word said they would. But Jehovah required it and they did it. But then what's happened? Brother said the next generation maybe they got a little colder and then somebody else they got a little colder. Generation tradition. He said that's what Pentecost has become to us. It's a family tradition. We get down and say, "Well, wasn't that television show pretty good tonight? that. He said, "Oh yeah, it's a family tradition." Well, you know what God said? He said, "Your fats and your rams, they stink in my nostrils." He said, "That's right. Their sacrifices has became a stink in the nostrils of God." He said, "And that's the way it was with Pentecostal sacrifices." And all of our denominational cutups and carry on are women and men doing the way they do. It's a form of godliness. They work up music, get somebody to jump up and down a little while, and then it's all over like a bucket of water's been thrown on it. But if the word of God happened to come forth and say something, he said, "What's the matter? Your sacrifices have become a stink before Jehovah." He said, "But it was at that time whenever it had got so cold. It was at that time when it had got so formal when it was just a tradition and every oracle of God or every man that was standing a pullpit was just speaking words and reciting words and quote my will get myself in trouble. Don't don't get me kicked out of the circle." But but they became the best plagiarizers in the world. long as I can read a quote. As long I can read a scripture and I can make it sound good, then it must be God. But God ain't looking for somebody just to recite a word. God's looking for somebody that will manifest his word and be a living reality of Jesus Christ today. He said they become sacrifices. He said it was at that time when it became cold. It was at that time that Isaiah the prophet come on the scene and he told them, "But I'll give you an everlasting sign. a virgin shall conceive. He said, "There you are. No more no longer is it dead forms and creeds, but it became living oracles, a living God that's raised from the dead that is living among us today." Oh, don't you see, friends? That's what God is looking for today. He's looking for a word that is alive. He's looking for a church that is alive. He's looking for the word that's living amongst his children, that's living in people and manifesting through them. He said, "If the church could only get a fresh revelation and become by it the living word manifested, we would do the greater works and glorify God our father which is in heaven. Amen. It ain't about what we can recite or repeat or quote. It's the life that we can live." Now, ain't that powerful? Can I read that again? If the church could only get a fresh revelation and become by that revelation a the living word manifested, we would do the greater works and glorify our God which is in heaven. You want to bring glory to God, manifest the word of God in your life. You want to bring glory to God, manifest a living reality of Jesus Christ. Listen what the Bible says. Revelations 1 and3. and keep those things which are written therein. It was to hear it or or to speak it to hear it and then keep those things which are written therein for the time is at hand. I thought my isn't that a a wonderful word tonight. Isn't that what Joshua said? Keep the word. Don't don't stray from it in any way if you want to see this blessing come upon your life. I thought many felt today said you got to have faith in what you're doing if and your if your heart condemns us not. He said, "We we know the Bible teaches us something. If we fail to do that, then there then we can't have faith." See, so you can't get yourself together because you know there's certain things that God teaches that you won't cope with. So when you do that, then where are you at? I know this ain't the most popular stuff, but I'm going to say it anyway. He said, "See, you can't have faith on what you're coming to. You can't come up there and say, "Last night I was drunk, but Lord, I want you to heal me this morning, and if you'll heal me, then I won't drink too much anymore." He said, "That don't ever work. You've got to surrender yourself and give yourself completely to God and obey every bit of the word. Sell out completely and then take the word. That word that is in the church. It is a living word. Sell out completely to God. Pour out the things of the flesh. Pour out the things of the world and take the word of God and let it be a living reality in your heart. Let me tell you why people struggle be Christians and they struggle to serve God because they won't pour everything out. They come down to an altar. They they pray. They repent. They go through justification, sanctification, brother Mark, but they just won't pour everything out. But I thought, oh God, if we could come tonight under the commission of the word of God and say, Lord, let me pour everything out of my heart that there ain't but one thing that remains. It's a desire to be a living oracle of God and let the word of God be manifested out of my life. That ought to be the desire of every believer tonight. Let me ask you, you know what keeps the the word from having authority today? This is what the this is the this is why the church is weak. This is why many many are are sick. Many are weak. Many many don't have the authority of the word of God. But the problem is is because too many people put that word in history. So why don't the why don't the word have its authority is because the only authority you give it is what God used to do. The only authority you give is what God done with this other man or this other this you know he was a great man. He lived in a great time. He it's always about somebody. But but listen, it wasn't to be about that. That brother B said, he said, "No believer will ever place God's word somewhere in the past. He'll never make God a weakling." Hello, somebody. There ain't no believer that'll ever make God a weakling. He'll never make God a God, a historical God. He said he is a a historical God. But he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Therefore, just as much as he was in history, he's the same God today. All that he used to be, he's the same God today. and he cannot lose his power. You know what that tells me? If God ever was a healer, then God's still a healer. If you can read about God delivering somebody out of a fiery furnace, then God can still deliver out of a fiery furnace. You want to read about God that would change a life, then God can still change a life. You want to hear about God saving a soul, then God can save about save a soul. Anything that God has ever done, God can still do today. He's still the same God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's the same God. If he ever healed, he still heals. If he ever saved, he still saves. Somebody say, "Amen." If he ever changed a heart, he can still change a heart. If he ever restored a family, he can still restore our family. If he ever fed 5,000, he can feed his hungry children today. He can forgive our sins filled with the Holy Ghost. He said, "But where the weakness is that fell in our churches in the beginning, in the early apostolic church, what did we do? We started taking that church and breaking it up the fellowship and making different sectarian people and organizations till we've got it down to a big chaos of nothing. But we need to get back to the word, back to God, back to a living word. Look what we're looking to, brother Mark. An authority of the word of God in a believer's life. Back to an authority of God's word. I thought, my what an authority they had when they walked around Jericho. Do you realize they would they wouldn't walk around there doubting and wondering? You know why? Because they were following, man, I could preach on this. They were following Joshua. And every battle that Joshua had ever fought, Joshua always won. If they went into a battle, well, who's leading the battle? It's Joshua up there in the front. Praise God. We're about to win this one. Somebody give me a sword or a boot or something. I don't care what. We're going to win the battle cuz Joshua ain't never lost the battle. They were following Joshua around Jericho. They didn't wonder what was going to take place because they was following Joshua. They didn't wonder if the walls were really going to fall down. They were following Joshua. his track record. He was 100 and0. Can I put it like that? He was 100 and0. 100 win and zero loss. He had never been defeated. He was a man of war. And because he was commissioned, they they walked around these walls. And I thought, my what an authority they had when they went through Jericho and they went into that land driving out their inhabitants. They said, "You ain't got a right in my land." Well, I've been living in this land for four. Isn't that just like the devil? Satan, you ain't got no right in my life. I I got an authority of the word of God. And Satan comes right back says, "I've lived in this life for 40 years. I I've lived here for 43 for generations. My family has possessed this and I ain't going nowhere." But something on the inside of them said, "But I'm under the authority of the commission of Joshua and you have no right here any longer." And they could drive them out. What give them the authority to drive out the inhabitants? Don't you realize that the bride of Jesus Christ today has that same commissioned authority? Oh, why? You think about why why many why many speak and it don't come to pass. Why? Why do they why do they make claims but they're not able to possess it? Brother Joe, it's because they don't have a scriptural authority. They don't know where they stand. They they never been told that that that there's an authority in the word of God. So notice what God notice what God does. But the Bible says, see, without scriptural authority, they'll they'll try to take it by creed, but they never can take it. I'm going to recite the creed and bl glory to God. I'm going to whoop every devil in my life. I'm going to lose the desire of sin. I'll never want to smoke no more. I never want to drink. I all that stuff's gone out of my life. I'll never, you know, because I I I recited this creed and now all those desires are gone. But they'll never do it by creed. I run out of time. They'll never do it by creed. Said, you know what? Then they'll try then they'll try to do it by sensations. They'll they'll try to drive it out by sensation. Man, I feel it now. Oh my I got I feel goosebumps all over my body. Oh, the devil must be leaving. That'll never cause the devil to leave you. An air conditioner can give you goosebumps. Hello. I don't mean to mess up on people's spirituality. if that's what you were using to think you was filled with the Holy Ghost. God help you. But that he said, "You can't do it by sensation." He said, "I've seen you say, "Well, I spoke in tongues all night long." Well, that's good. I've seen the devil do the same thing. So, it couldn't be that. That ain't what gave them the authority. Said, "But in the days of Joshua, think about the only way they would ever have their inheritance would be by the authority given under that Joshua commission." You know, Joshua is being a type of the Holy Ghost. And see, that's the only authority they had was what was under Joshua's commission. They didn't go outside of what Joshua said. They didn't come in there and say, "Well, you know, I I like I see, you know, I know what Joshua said." But, you know, wouldn't it be easier if we went around this way? They didn't they didn't do it. They just followed the commission of Joshua. And you know what, friends? Today, it's the exact same thing. We've been reading through this scripture for three weeks and and and showing how that God used us and tapped us with this church. And today, it's the same. Do you realize that you won't ever have your inheritance by a church? You'll never have your inheritance following a denomination. You'll never have your inheritance following an organization or putting your putting your faith in men or putting your faith in some church or something like that. Said that that that'll never give it to you. But the only authority that you have over the devil is by the message of the hour that came under a modern-day Joshua commission. That's where your authority comes from. You want to take the devil, I'm just going to preach. I know the devil don't like it, but you let me tell you how to get rid of the devil under out of your life is to fall under the authority of that Joshua commission that came that's never lost the battle. It's the authority of the Holy Ghost that came in this age. That's why when Jesus said in my name, they shall cast out devils. Don't you realize that through the course of time, devils had more power than the church had. They they they consumed lies. They got they got into people. They couldn't get them out no more. They couldn't make people well. They could pray for the sick. The sick never got better. They they done all that they could, but the devil never left. He found him a good resting place because through the course of time, they had given up on that authority. You know what they did? They wandered around in the wilderness. It was stripped of them. I I don't have time to go through Roman Catholicism, but they they stripped it of them. And the and the and the the Christian believers, they made it they made an agreement with Rome and said, "Well, that'll work. You you'll give us a little bit. We'll give a little bit there. We'll all get baptized in in the name, Father, Son, Holy Ghost. will be good Catholics and and we won't we promise we won't baptize the name of the Lord Jesus Christ no more like like Jesus told us to and like Peter and all those apostles and all those disciples said we won't do that no more we'll do it how the Catholic bishop wants us to do it and we'll all come together 3:25 AD the first time anybody was ever baptized in the name of the father son and the holy ghost came from the Roman Catholic church in the second century they were taking Jesus out of the church taking the the authority of that living oracle of god out of the church in other words they were taking away the the recipe or or the way that God would fill a believer. If they if the devil could take that away, then he had a powerless bunch of people. No wonder he could rule over them. They were all powerless because they ain't none of them had the Holy Ghost. You say, "Well, how you know they didn't have the Holy Ghost?" Well, they went out and they baptized in titles and accepted a creed over the word of God. Therefore, they could they didn't even have the right order to be able to receive the Holy Ghost. No wonder Satan ruled over them. So, but there was a few believers, but Martha stood. They deemed them as heretics. They took their lives by the hundreds and thousands and killed them because they stood upon this message that you stand on today. So, see, but they said they through the course of time they gave up their authority here. They wandered in the wilderness. They went from one belief to another, one church to another. I got a a few minutes, maybe 10 minutes. One church to another. We've seen it start Roman Catholicism 325 AD. But notice it didn't just stay there. Whenever all of a sudden a few years later after all that great that that great loss and the dark ages 1517 the reformation period started with Martin Luther in 1530 they started the Lutheran church. Watch as this begins to evolve. 1537 men of Simmons started the or Simons started the Menite church in the church of Scotland 1560. Presbyterians by John Knox in 1560. the Episcopal Church in the United States in 1607. By 1609, here's John Smith, he started the Baptist Church. 1648, George Fox started uh the Quaker church or the the Society of Friends that they called it. The Amish church 1693, Jacob Almond started the Amish church. Methodist church, it was started by John and Wesley or Methodism in 1738 and eventually became the Methodist church. In 1800s, they they started what was called the Holiness Church. Then the then the Adventist
