################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-15 - Bro. Andrew Glover| Standing Strong In The Battle of Faith| 10-15-2025 - Andrew Glover - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-15
Title:   Bro. Andrew Glover| Standing Strong In The Battle of Faith| 10-15-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUzVER-rYp0
========================================

[Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Adore it's in you. Let's all stand this evening. I'm singing. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Oh yes, I live for you alone every breath that I take. Oh Lord, have your Oh, let's sing this first verse again. Oh, and this is my desire. Oh to honor. Oh, have you come to worship him this evening? And Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] and all I have within me. Lord, I give you praise and all that I adore. It's in you. [Music] Oh, will you give him your heart tonight now? soul. Lord, I give you my heart. Oh, just give it all to him now. He's worthy of every praise tonight. Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, oh Lord, oh I give you my heart, oh Lord, I give you my heart, oh I give you my soul, Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, I'm awake. [Applause] Oh Lord, have your way. Oh, every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Music] oh Lord, hand. Oh, sing that again now. Oh, every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way with me. Oh, is that your desire tonight that he would just come? Just give him a hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. It's certainly good to be gathered once again under the tents once more here for another year. I can't remember how many years, but it's certainly growing and growing. It's good to have each and every one of you. We got saints from all over. We got brother Ben Puit in his church. Brother Bennett, I'll have you come open the service in a word of prayer. Certainly good to have them and their congregation come support our meetings. It's good to have fellowship with the saints up there. Certainly enjoy them. We have some saints from Colorado. I can't remember all your names, but we're certainly glad to have you here with us. and each and any other visitors, we certainly welcome you and ask that you would just enter in and worship with us. We got our brother Andrew Glover here tonight. So, come with great expectations. Amen. Brother Ben, if you'll just open the service. You will. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we come with great anticipation tonight of your grace and your mercy, Lord. because we've seen it so many times before when we had a need, Lord, or was a question in our heart, you come and answered that question and met that need. And we thank you for that tonight, Lord. You're so good to us, Lord. We're your children. And we we just want to love you tonight. And Lord, to return praise to you and worship, Father, in your name. I pray you grant it tonight. Lord, I pray if there'd be one sick among us tonight that you heal them. Lord, if there's a a backslider or a sinner, Lord, I pray you'd bring them close to the fire tonight. I pray that you'd move over these meetings, Lord, as we begin tonight. I I pray that your spirit would be in every service, Lord. That the Holy Ghost would have freedom to move. And Lord, that the word would be preached. And Lord, that each minister as they come, Lord, may you move them out of the way and take them away from what maybe they would want to do. But Lord, may you inspire them to speak something that would help your people. I pray for you'd move us, Lord, into the direction, Lord, of a body change and a rapture. We're looking forward to it, Lord, and we want to get closer, Lord, when we leave here than we were when we came. Pray you'd grant it now. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. You may have your seats this evening. Amen. Certainly good to be here. just we don't have any quick announcements, but if you do have any song specials, anything upon your heart, just let me know and hand me a note or find one of the brother Morgan right there. He's one of the deacons. You can give a note to him. I'm sure he'll pass it along and we'll do our best to get everybody in. Amen. How many of you came to worship the Lord this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. I said, how many you came to worship the Lord this evening? Amen. And I asked that cuz I need you to worship for me because devil's been attacking my throat at all. And I thought, may, you know, maybe I can rest my ser my throat tonight. But I thought, you know, that's just what the devil wants. So I figure, you know what? I'm going to battle through it and I'm going to worship the Lord because he's worthy of every praise, every worship we can give him tonight. So I just say, let's devil, I don't care what you don't like, but I'm going to praise the Lord tonight. Well, that devil don't like us praising God around here. Oh, that devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, I don't care what the devil don't like. I'll praise the Lord with all my mind. Devil don't like us praising God. Oh, sing it again now. Oh, yes. That devil don't like us praising God around here. Yes, that devil don't like us praising God around here. Well, now I don't care what the devil don't like. I praise the Lord with all my life. Devil don't like us praising God around here. I said the devil don't like no clapping around here. I said the devil don't like no clapping around here. Oh my. I don't care what the devil don't like. I clap for the Lord with all my mind. Devil don't like no clapping around here. I said the devil don't like no singing around here. I said the devil don't like us singing around here. But now I don't care what the devil like sing. [Music] I said the devil don't like no shouting around here. But now I don't care. But the devil don't like our shout with all my devil don't like no shouting around here. I said the devil don't like no preaching around here. I don't like no preaching around here. But I don't care what the devil don't like. Now back to work with all my mind. I go preaching around me. Oh that devil like no shouting around. I said the go shouting around here. But I don't care what the shout like shouting. Oh he don't like us being free tonight. Devil don't like no freedom around here. I said the devil like no freedom around here. But I don't care what the devil don't like. I'm freedom. Oh, we don't like us praising God. That don't like us praising God around here. Oh, that don't like us praising God around here. But now I don't care what the devil like. I'm praising you with all my praising God. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I was raised from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name cuz I've been changed. I've been re all my life has been rearranged. Oh my he has his way all my life. Praise God. And for my sins they were scarred. There I was found. But today I'm free. See, I was lost out in darkness, but now I found I was blind, but now I see I [Music] [Applause] got to sing my second You see my sed [Applause] I was found but today I was lost out in darkness but now I'm found. I was blind. Praise God I can see. Oh cuz I've been changed. Oh I've been free now. Oh my heart has been rearranged. Oh no has his way. Oh my heart. Praise God. Oh I hope this last words when I last in his presence I he will every tear from my eyes. Oh and I thank him for giving. I be the sky now. Oh my god. Oh, let's all stand together again. Oh, when I rest in his presence, I stand. He will every tear from my eyes. Oh, I'll thank him for your brothers. Oh, cuz I've been changing I've been all my life has been [Music] a difference when all my life once more cuz I've been changing [Applause] Oh, what a difference it makes when has his way. Oh my God. Praise God. Has been changed. Oh, won't you give a hand clap of praise tonight? Aren't you thankful you've been changed? Amen. He's so good to us. As we take up our offering, we just reminder the offering will go towards the tent meetings and all the expenses that we have. So, just remember that in mind that all these funds are going towards that. Brother Morgan, will you pray over the offering? [Music] And oh, the blood of my Jesus. Yes. Oh, the blood of Jesus. And all the blood of my Jesus washes my thankful. Yes, I'm thankful for the blood of my Jesus. Yes, I'm thankful for the blood of my Jesus. Oh, I'm thankful for [Music] it. Oh, there's healing in the blood. There's healing in the blood of my Jesus. Oh, there's healing in the blood of Jesus. [Applause] There's healing in the blood of Jesus. Sh. Oh, there's freedom in it. And there's freedom in the blood of my Jesus. There's freedom in the blood of my Jesus. Yes, there's freedom in the blood of my Jesus. It washes blood. Oh, there's power and there is power in the blood of my Jesus. Yes. There's power in the blood of Jesus. There's power in the blood of our Jesus. [Music] Oh, there's victory tonight. Yes, there's victory in the blood of my Jesus. Oh, there's victory in the blood of my Jesus. Yes, there's victory in the blood of my Jesus. It washes my heart on you. Clean the blood tonight. And I claim the blood of my Jesus. Oh, I clean the blood of my Jesus. Oh, I claim the blood of my Jesus. for it all. Oh, why don't you turn around, shake your neighbor's hand tonight. Say, I claim the blood of my Jesus. I claim the blood of my Jesus. Yes, I claim. [Applause] [Music] Oh, yes it is. Oh, I'm thankful for that blood. Yes, I'm thankful for the blood of my Jesus. Sister man, if you bring your soul of my Jes. Thankful for the blood of my Jesus. [Music] [Applause] I'll sing it once more. I'm singing all the blood of my Jesus. [Music] Yes, I'm hold of my Jes. [Applause] Oh, give me a hand clap of praise tonight. [Applause] [Music] When your wey heart is hurten or you're feeling so alone. When you think that you're a burden. When nowhere feels like home. When everything feels like it's changing and you don't understand why. Trying so hard to be strong and brave but so tired you want to cry. Don't forget as you fall asleep to lay it all at the father's feet. And you can rest. You can rest in the one who never breaks his promises. Close your eyes. Talk to him when you're scared and feel the darkness rolling in. in your worry and your pain. Just breathe in and out his name. Jesus. Oh Jesus. And you can rest when you're looking in the mirror and you're struggling to believe. Am I really who he says I am? Or will God give up on me? When anxiety is yelling and it's drowning out today. When it's hard to see tomorrow and you don't know how to pray, you can rest. You can rest in the one who never breaks his promises. Close your eyes. Talk to him when you're scared and feel the darkness rolling in your worry and your pain. Just breathe in and out his name. Jesus. for Jesus and you can rest. Don't forget as you fall asleep. You are safe at the father's feet. And you can rest. You can rest in the one who never breaks his promises. Close your eyes. Talk to him. When you're scared and feel the darkness rolling in in your worry and your pain, just breathe in and out his name. Jesus. Oh Jesus. [Music] rest. [Music] Amen. Aren't you thankful we have a haven of rest tonight? Amen. Let's sing the song. Song's been on my heart all week. Heart of heart of worship. Heart of worship. When everything fades away and everything moves out comes down to one thing, saints, it's all about him tonight. And when the music fades and all is stripped away and I see music fades, all is stripped away and I simply come [Music] longing just to breathe something that's worth that will touch your heart. [Music] I'll bring you more than a song for a song in it. Yes. [Music] You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. Oh, I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made when it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. Oh, king of endless worth. Oh, king of endless world. No one could express how much you deserve. Oh, can you say this now? Although I'm weaken all I have is yours. Every single breath. [Music] I'll bring you more than a song for a song is not what you have required. Oh, you search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my Oh, will you stand and sing it to him tonight? Oh, I'm coming back to the home of worship. Oh, it's all about you. Oh, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for things I've made when it's all about you. Yes, it's all new. Oh, let's sing that second verse as our pastor comes tonight. Oh, king of endless words. Lord, no one could express how much you deserve. [Music] Oh, I'm weaken. [Music] Lord, all I have is yours. every single breath. Oh, I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. [Music] Oh, you search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. [Music] All about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made it. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. How many say that tonight? Amen. It's all about him. Amen. Isn't it wonderful to serve a God that you can give your life to and you can give all your effort and sacrifice all and and he gives you back more and abundantly and he never fails. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. How many say it's good to be in the house of the Lord? And I know we have made a lot of preparation to to make the meeting happen and a lot of lot of work that's been done and and sent out invitations and greetings and done all the the manual labor and everything to make a meeting happen. But uh we certainly want to make the our guest of honor welcome. Amen. Amen. And we want to we do all that for one reason that the Lord would be pleased and come and have fellowship with the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. So we just want to let God lead the meeting. Every song that's sung, every minister that preaches, just let the Holy Ghost lead the meeting. And we don't have any pre-planned and how uh things will be. We just want to let the Holy Ghost have his way. Amen. So how many can join us in that? Amen. So we just want to welcome you and say God bless you. Thank you for coming and uh being a support. I seen brother Ben back there and a lot of the church every year and uh coming up on Wednesday night and joining uh the meeting together. And so this uh this is a meeting for the bride of Jesus Christ. And we sure appreciate you other the other churches and the brother's efforts to be able to make it happen. So we want everybody to be welcome and uh we uh we just just go ahead and feel free and worship God. And uh we have we have an old saying in the in the tent revival that you can't get starchy in a tent. It just just look around a little bit. There ain't nothing perfect. The chairs are messed up. The temperature is never right. And most time the kids hair is all messed up. But it's okay. We you can't get starchy in a tent. Amen. And so one brother said he wasn't sure about about the meeting. He said he tried to he said it was a little bit odd in here. I said, "What do you mean?" He said, "Well, it's two tents." That's a bad That was That was bad. But But any anyway, we have two tents and we're going to have church. Amen. So, we just we just want to have a good time with the Lord. Amen. Amen. How many love the Lord? Amen. Won't you just get out of your seat and go welcome somebody and maybe some of you hadn't seen in a while, and we just want to make everybody welcome uh to the meeting tonight. and brother Andrew is getting prepared to come and uh we just look forward to the Lord just using him and and and moving in a special way tonight. Amen. [Music] Well, by and by when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are together, we will tell the story. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Now you [Music] understand [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] story overcome by where we are often to [Applause] Thomas [Applause] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. inside [Applause] all the way till we die. [Applause] will when the morning comes with all the saints of God. We will tell the story how we will understand it better when I say by the morning [Music] of we [Music] [Applause] understand it better [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We just How many's ready to hear the word of God tonight? Amen. We just ask brother Andrew just to get out of the way and let God take control. Amen. We just We just trust the Lord tonight. Amen. To come and speak to our hearts. How many come in expectation? Amen. I believe I believe we have a we have a a heart that is expecting great things. And I can tell you what a prophet said. He said when you come in expectation, he said you you can't you can't be no God don't want no soft flabby church something like that. But you know what he taught us that he wants a church that is a lively church. Amen. So when you come expecting something from God then we are lively stones built up as a spiritual house to give sacrifices unto God. So here we are tonight. How many lively stones do we have? Amen. every we're all kinds of stones, odd shapes and sizes. Some of us are used for a foundation. Some are used for corner posts. Some are used for for all sorts of different uses. They're oddshaped stones, but we're all one thing in common. We're all lively stones, and we're built up to give praise unto God. Amen. So, it don't matter what uh how you you feel or how you raise all that, you just let all that go and just let God have his way with our life. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Won't you give him another hand clap of praise? And we just want to give brother Andrew plenty of time to be able to come and and speak his heart tonight. And and we're just going to pull from the gift of God and and allow God to have his way in the service tonight. Amen. Can we sing this as we get prepared for him to come? Let the worshippers arise and Amen. We're called to worship God. Amen. So, won't we just invite the Lord to come in this song as we get ready for the word of God. Amen. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side, holding your hand to let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my dream. Let the worippers arise. Let the suns. [Music] Yes, I surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed as the bride of every nation is awakening to sing from our hearts. There comes an end. How many has that singing from your heart tonight? Won't you sing it to us? This is my song. Let the worippers arise. Yes, my lord. Let the songs in all sing. I sing to my God. Surrender my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. It's the song of your redeemed. and the saints of every nation. She's awakening to sing from our hearts to come and what the heavens hear. This is my song. I declare to my king and the worst [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] one time with all your hearts. I worry. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I surrender to the king. Amen. How many can give him a hand clap of praise tonight? Amen. How many is here to surrender to him? Amen. Amen. I'm thankful tonight we're gathered here under a divine promise. The Lord sent a prophet in this hour and he made a very powerful statement. He said, "If you'll surrender fully, then he'll come in fully. If you want more of God tonight than less of us and more of him, then whatever we can give up, Amen. He'll fill us with all of his goodness and all his mercy." I believe that's what we've come here for this weekend is to receive more of him, to receive all that he has for us tonight. Amen. It's a real honor to be gathered in his presence tonight with believers of like precious faith. And as we've come here tonight to open these meetings, maybe before we turn in the word, we could just bow our hearts for a word of prayer tonight. And amen. I know there's many needs here tonight. Many needs represented. Many, many needs will be in these meetings. But I believe the great physician is among us tonight. I believe the deliverer is here. Let's just approach him and join our faith together, laying aside everything that's unlike him and let's focus on him. Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this afternoon on this Wednesday evening, Lord, we've not gathered here for just another meeting or another Lord service, Father. But Lord, we've gathered here under great expectation, Lord. Father, eagles have come together and your word said wherever the carcass is, there the eagles will be gathered together. And Lord, as I look around here tonight, there's more than two or three here tonight. So I know that you're here. For Lord, we've not gathered here in the name of a man or the name of a church. But Lord, we've gathered here in the name that is above every name. Lord, you said at that name every knee would bow, every tongue would confess. It's your name, the name of the Lord Jesus. And Father, as we're opening these meetings tonight, Lord, prepare in our hearts, oh God. Father, I pray that you would come among us this weekend in a special way. Lord, you see each and every heart here. Father, you know the junctions they may be at, Lord. Father, you know the sicknesses they may be battling in their bodies. Lord, maybe some would even be here tonight and does not know you. Lord, I know that you're still a savior, Lord. You're still a deliverer. You're still a Holy Ghost feeler, oh God. Come among us this weekend, Lord. We invite you, Father. Lord, have your way among us, Lord. Forgive us of our failures, oh God. Forgive us of our shortcomings, Lord. If there would be one devil somewhere trying to put a roadblock up on the things that are on their way to these meetings, the blessings of God. Father, we join our faith together tonight and drive that devil out of the name of Jesus. Satan, we will not give you one moment of these meetings. We will not give you one thought. We will not give you one second. We stand here tonight to declare you are defeated in the name of Jesus. Father, may you move among us this weekend in a special way, Lord. Father, may the coals of fire come up off the altar touching the lips of your servants, Lord. Father, may the may the anointing that destroys the yoke of the enemy. Lord, may you come among us and be in great power and great authority. Father, we love you tonight, Lord. We thank you for the spirit that we feel among us, the atmosphere. Lord, we surrender this meeting and every song that'll be sung, every word that'll be said. Lord, we surrender it unto you that you could use it for your honor and your glory. and we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory. It's in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ we pray. And all the believer says, &gt;&gt; "Amen and amen." God bless you tonight. Amen. His presence is in the building. Amen. In the in the tent tonight. If you have your Bibles while you're standing with us, we want to invite you to the book of Ephesians, the 6th chapter. While you're turning there tonight, we want to take this opportunity to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's the greatest name and the highest name that we could greet you in tonight. And we just want to say God bless you all and thank you all for amen being here tonight, the support. And Amen. How many is under great expectation? &gt;&gt; Amen. It is a real honor to be speaking here again under the tent. We thank brother Matt for this opportunity to speak to you tonight. And amen, thank the Lord for the opportunity to speak with these men of God this weekend. And amen, I know the devil's in trouble. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we just have something here tonight on our heart that we pray will be a blessing to you in the book of Ephesians the 6th chapter. I want to look in the 10th verse and then also we're going to go to second Timothy 2 beginning here in Ephesians 6 and verse 10. Paul here writing says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil." Amen. Now, &gt;&gt; I want you to notice the posture that he speaks of that ye may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Now, wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day. Brother Be said, that's this day. And having done all to stand. I love how Paul does not give the church another option. He says, "Stand therefore, having your loins girded about with truth, having on the breastplate of righteousness and your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace." Notice this. Above all, taking the shield of faith. Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. Amen. Also in the book of second Timothy, the 4th chapter, the book of 2 Timothy chapter 4, I want to read there in 2 Timothy chapter 4 and verse or sorry, 2 Timothy chapter 2 and verse number one. We'll read down to verse number four. You love the Lord. Tonight, &gt;&gt; Paul here writing to Timothy there in Ephesians 6, Paul is dressing the Christian soldier. And here in 2 Timothy 2 and one, he's speaking of the marks of a good soldier of the cross. He says, "Thou therefore, my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus. And the things that thou has heard of me among many witnesses. The same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also. Now thou therefore endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. No man that worth entangleth himself with the affairs of this life, that he may please him who hath chosen him to be a soldier. We ask Lord this evening to bless the reading of his word. as you can have your seat here this afternoon. If the Lord would help me uh from those verses of scripture tonight, if I would take a a title tonight, I want to speak to you on this for just a few moments here, standing strong in the battle of faith. Standing strong in the battle of faith. Brother Brandham would say in 1955, he says, "In this great faith battle, as I've tried to fight it, I've some awful obstacles, been over some rough roads. It shows on me." He says, "I have, but it's been the most blessed thing. I wouldn't trade it for nothing in the world." He said, "Here's my greatest victories, the greatest pleasures I have is when I come up against something and I cannot see over it. I cannot see around it. I cannot see under it." He said, "I just keep walking towards it, believing this, that God will make a way when I get there. All this distance I have come, I have trusted him, and he has never failed me." I wonder how many that would be your testimony tonight. Amen. Everything you've come up against when you didn't see a way over it, you didn't see a way under it, you didn't see a way around it. Amen. God made a way and you went right through it. Now, the prophet of God would say, "Oh, how Satan would desire." This is the devil's desire. Amen. Is to take us quickly from the scene. Amen. Right in the midst of the battle. So the devil's desire, amen, is to take you out of the battle. He said, "But the angels are encamped about those who fear him." And we're so thankful for this. He said, "I'm so glad for a fresh experience of knowing, amen, the reality of his promise." I I love that the prophet of God did not position us outside of the battle, but he positioned us in the middle of the battle. And he exposed the devil's desire, amen, that was to take us out of the battle because the devil knows, amen, that we're not quitters. Amen. The devil knows, amen, that we're not cowards. Amen. The devil knows that we're not just church members, but we're actually soldiers. Amen. We did not choose oursel. We did not call oursel. Amen. But God called us from before the foundation of the world. I think of how tonight that we're in a battle. And the the prophet of God would speak of it when he went beyond the curtain of time and he comes back and the first thing he says, amen, as he comes to the end of that that vision or that experience. He says, "All I could say is press the battle." Amen. Amen. All I could say was press the battle. And tonight, Amen. I know this might be the third or fourth year we've had these tent meetings. Or, Amen, it might be the fifth or sixth meeting you've been in this year. Amen. And I want to begin tonight by saying this is not the time, amen, to grow weary in the battle. Amen. This is not the time to back off of your confession. This is the time to press. Amen. With everything that's within you, amen. You've already been seen in the preview of the bride. Amen. Amen. The victory has already been prophesied over you. And a prophet said they were singing onward Christian soldiers. Amen. I believe if there's ever been a time, amen, to press the battle, now is the time to press it. The prophet of God said, "I once was an athlete myself. I I was a professional fighter." He said, "I used to come to these floors. We'd have our training. We would have our main fights and I've never left the ring." Amen. But I'm just in a different ring. Amen. I'm fighting the enemy. How many is fighting the enemy? Amen. Which is the devil. Amen. Of human souls tonight. And I'm asking your support. Amen. As we together put our hearts and our shoulders together to press, amen, this battle on. I wonder tonight how many would make a declaration. Amen. This is not just another meeting. Amen. This is not just another gathering. Amen. But it's another book of Acts where there in one accord. Amen. We're putting our shoulders together. We're joining our feet together. And we're going to press back against every devil of doubt. We're going to press back against every spirit of discouragement because we're not fighting for victory. We're fighting from victory. Amen. I'm asking your support. He said, "Amen. For God is with us." Amen. Amen. And who can be against us. He said, "The great morning star is over us." Amen. The banner of Christ and we're bound, amen, to conquer. Amen. There is no sickness tonight. There is no sin tonight. Amen. Those who are sick, those who are in sin, who are oppressed of the devil, we are his soldiers. We are the soldiers of his cross. Amen. I love that. Let's press the battle now. Amen. Amen. I think of how the prophet said when I went out there to join the military, he said the United States Army didn't receive me. Amen. Because I suppose there were men more eligible. He said, "But I'm glad that I got enlisted in the army of the Lord." Now listen, he didn't just enlist you, but he gave you a uniform. Amen. Then I can tell you tonight, now is the time, amen, to take on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand in the evil day. You all know tonight that we are in the greatest battle that has ever been fought. I believe I can say that we're in the hottest part, amen, of the greatest battle that has ever been fought. Prophet of God said, I believe the greatest battle was ever fought is now 1962. Amen. Ready to go into action. He said, "I believe that God has been selecting his soldiers. I believe he has been dressing them and he has been training them." He said, "This first battle was ever fought began in heaven." Amen. When Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer, Amen. It first started in heaven. He said, "And then it was thrown down from heaven. He was cast out of heaven to the earth." Amen. And fell on human beings. He said, "Then the battle from angels become human battles." Amen. Then Satan come, amen, the devil come to destroy, Amen, God's creation, what God had created to be for himself. Listen, you were not created to be depressed. You were not created to be bound. You were not created to be nervous. You were not created to be discouraged. You were created to be a manifestation of the dominion of almighty God. And the devil is doing everything he can. Amen. But I want to tell that devil tonight, there's some soldiers in the house of God tonight. They're not a bunch of church members. They are selected soldiers. They are chosen soldiers and they're ready to draw their swords. They're ready to fight back against everything the devil is trying to use to destroy them. Yes, sir. He had Satan come, Amen, to destroy this. He said that's what his purpose was was to destroy it. He said then the battle began here on earth. Listen, it began in us and it has been raging ever since. Now, amen. Daniel comes along in Daniel chapter 7 and he begins to speak of this hour when the devil, Satan, would begin to press against the saints of the most high. He said, "They shall speak great words against the most high." Listen. and shall wear out the saints of the most high and think to change the times and laws and they shall be given into his hand until a time in times and the dividing of times. Amen. I love that definition there of the wear out the saints. You know what it means? It means to harass constantly. And then that's what the devil's trying to do is he's trying to harass you. Amen. Constantly. Listen, he don't just harass you on Sunday. He don't just harass you on Wednesday. Amen. But he harasses you 24/7, 365 days a year. Amen. Because he knows that you did not put yourself in this battle. But God chose you from before the foundation of the world to stand in the great battle of faith and to stand as an overcomer. Yes, sir. He shall wear out the saints. Hey, this is I read this in a Bible commentary. It's not of authority, so take it or leave it. Amen. They shall wear out the saints. Amen. By wars and massacres and inquisitions, amen, persecuting and destroying the faithful servants of Jesus and the true worshippers of God who protect or rather they protest. Amen. Against his innovations and they refuse to comply with the idolatry practiced in the court of Rome. Amen. Instead of wear out, Amen. One translation reads, "Amen. lie and wait for or form schemes or deceit against. &gt;&gt; He shall think to change times and laws, appointing fast and feast, canonizing saints, granting pardons and indulgences for sin. Listen, I love this one. Instituting new modes of worship. Amen. Imposing new articles of faith and enjoying new rules of practice. Amen. When the devil begins to harass you, he does it by first of all instituting, amen, a new model of worship and a new model of praise. And then he begins to impose new articles of faith. And then he begins to enjoin, amen, in his scheme, amen, the rules of practice. And then begins to reverse at pleasure, amen, the laws of God and the laws of man. Well, if I was a devil, I would try to take your place, too. Amen. because that devil knows. Amen. This religion that we're a part of is not a new religion. It's the oldest religion there's ever been. It's called that oldfashioned shout religion. You say, "When did it begin?" Amen. From before the foundation of the world when the sons of God were shouting for joy. Well, I think it's time, amen, to go to war tonight. If that devil's taken your praise, if that devil's taken your worship, if that devil's taken your liberty, amen, to enjoy the anointing and to receive the blessings of God, I say tonight is a good night to say, devil, you will not have my praise one second longer. I got a sword in my hand. I got a shield in front of me. I got my feet shot with the preparation of the gospel. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. You stole my joy, I'm taking it back. You stole my peace, I'm taking it back. You stole my liberty, I'm taking it back. You've harassed me your last day. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. Paul would say it like this. He would say, "There's a messenger of Satan." Amen. To buffet me. Brother B said, "What does that word buffet mean?" It means blow after blow. Oh, you all know what I'm talking about there. Amen. Can I get a witness here tonight? blow after blow after blow after blow after blow. But if the devil can give them, I think we can give them back. &gt;&gt; I think if the devil can give blow after blow after blow after trouble after trouble, I think we got a right tonight to start giving him back blow after blow after blow. Brother said, "It's like the ship on the sea. The waves are buffing it." See? Amen. Blow after blow. And he would he'd get better and then he would have it again. Then he'd get better and he would have it again. Finally, he said, "Lord, what's the matter? You don't take this away from me." Amen. But right there in the middle of the battle, there was a voice spoke to him and said, "My grace is sufficient for thee, Paul. Oh, church of the living God, I feel like shouting right now." Some of us are in the greatest battles that we've ever been in in our lives. But I heard the voice of the Lord say, "My grace is sufficient for thee. I know it may look dark. I know it may look unbelieving, but I know there's a grace here tonight that can reach into your heart." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. Peter warns us of this adversary. He said, "Be sober, brother Joel." He said, "Be vigilant." He said, "Because your adversary, which is the devil, is as a roaring lion, and he's walking about seeking whom he may devour." You know what a prophet said? He said, "The hour is pressing. The darkness is settling. The end time is here." He said, "See the presence of the enemy." Amen. The shaking, the feeling, the nervous condition. Amen. A prophet described the hour we're living in. Never been a time like this time where there's so much nervousness. &gt;&gt; Come on. Y'all know I'm telling the truth. Amen. Nervousness and and depression and anxiety and and worry and turmoil. Amen. See, brother B said, not knowing it's the devil. But thank God he didn't leave us in the dark. He said, here's why it's happening. Because the lid has come off of hell and there's demon power streaming in from everywhere. Listen, they've conquered the nations. They have conquered politics. They have conquered, amen, the churches until they know nothing but denomination. Oh, but a prophet said it like this. He said that great Pentecostal revival is now ceasing. We see it everywhere. The last great move. He said, "The message has went forth. Everything's ready now. The church is sealed away. The wicked are doing more wicked. The churches are becoming more churchy. But the saints are coming closer to God. I don't know where you identify yourself. Maybe you identify yourself in the church. Maybe you identify yourself in the wicked. But I heard a voice out of heaven say, "Come out of her, my people." It was a voice of election. It was a voice of predestination. And that voice chose me from before the foundation of the world to stand in this great faith battle. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Paul said it like this. He said, "The gospel has many leanings." Brother said, "Oh, you can liken it under one thing or another." He said, "But in Ephesians 6," Amen. Paul begin to liken it under the gar, the armor of a soldier. He said, as he's speaking here, amen, he's armoring the men, amen, to go into battle. He said, "Now I want to take for a text." Amen. To take on the whole armor of God. Be equipped. &gt;&gt; Be ready. God's enemy principalities and wickedness and evil spirits and wickedness in high places and we're pressing towards the mark of the high calling and we are certainly in a battle. Now I love how a prophet says it that no nation is going to send an untrained man on the field. He said no. He said he might get himself or the whole group killed. Amen. Now I love it because in a national battle the prophet of God said what the enemy does is he drops down into a spy system. He said yeah. He said kind of like England will send spies over here or the USA will send spies into another country. You know Paul picked that up in Galatians 2 and he said they because of false brethren and wares. They were brought in, see who came in privately to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus that they might bring us into bondage. Re said, "Oh, they're watching to see what kind of a new weapon that we'll come up with and then they take that back to their own country and find something to counteract that weapon." He said, "That'll get a little bit better." He said, "Now, that's the way the spies work over there. They work their way into the nation in some kind of a tactic to get through the councils and so forth. He said they have to have a way to work their yourself in there. He said communism had to do the same thing. Let me just tell you all this. Satan is not all knowing. He is not an omnisient God. He is not an omnipotent God. He is not an omnipresent God. Amen. Let me begin tonight by humiliating him and saying he is a limited devil. He's a limited devil. He's a limited foe. Brother said, "The whole world is controlled by Satan. Every kingdom in the world is ruled by Satan." We hate to think that, but that's the scripture. You know, the enemy taken our Lord up into a high place. Amen. Exceeding mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the world. Here's what the devil said. They're all mine. Amen. I'm the ruler of them. I do with them whatever I want to and I'll give them to you. Now, watch a prophet. But watch the wisdom of our Lord Jesus staying with the word of God. He knew he would fall heir to them in the kingdom in the kingdom in the millennium. So you know what he said? He said, "Get thee, hence Satan." Well, glory to God. That devil's trying to buy you out of a miracle. He's trying to buy you out of a position. He's trying to buy you out of a breakthrough. He's trying to buy you out of a healing. He's trying to buy you out of a deliverance. But I think it's time tonight somebody look that devil in the face and say the same thing. Our Lord Jesus said, "Satan, get thee behind me in the name of Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. You said, "Preacher, how can you say that?" Because we're soldiers, Brother Brian. We're Holy Ghost filled. Amen. Chosen soldiers. Listen. And we're under divine instruction. Our general has given us instruction. You know what that instruction is? resist the devil. I tell you right now, the devil wouldn't be this far in the service with some of you if you'd resist him five minutes ago. He wouldn't still be sitting on your shoulder if you would have resisted him when something didn't go the way you thought it ought to win. Somebody didn't shake your hand or somebody give you an odd look. Hey, I think it's time, amen, to resist that devil. Hallelujah. I think it's time to resist that devil and say, Devil, this is our meeting. This is our meeting. We did not come here to play with you. We did not come here to do deals with you. We come here as soldiers to whip you from one end of this tent to the other end of this tent. Resist the devil and he will flee from you. You say resist. You know what that means? That means to set oneself against. &gt;&gt; It means to withstand. It means to resist brother Ben. It means to oppose. &gt;&gt; My brother said now to resist is to just simply turn him down. Just resist him. That is just walk away from it. &gt;&gt; Now folks, I'm not a very deep man. Her very smart. But I have a Bible and my Bible says footsteps means possession. &gt;&gt; My Bible says footsteps means possession. Then that means when you begin to walk &gt;&gt; away from the devil that's trying to control you, you're whipping that devil because footsteps means possession. Just simply walk away from him. God said a certain thing no matter what that devil's trying to tell you. Don't you even listen to him. Your ears are deaf to anything else but what the spirit says. Amen. Can I pile some up on the devil tonight? Remember the word of God will defeat Satan anywhere, anytime. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "It is written, brother Jonathan. It is written." Well, that settles it. Satan will have to flee. He said, "The weakest of Christian." Amen. I'm going to take your excuse away. Okay? You said, "Well, preacher, I'm the weakest Christian in the building." Thank you for being here tonight because you're still in dominion over the devil when you're underneath this word. You say, "I barely crawled in this tent." Well, thank you for crawling, but you're still here and you're still over the devil because you're a part of the word of almighty God. You have been chosen to be a soldier. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I'm the weakest Christian. He said, "Well, you're the weakest Christian here tonight. Can defeat Satan anywhere, any place, any time, under any conditions." Are y'all hearing me tonight? There is not a condition the devil can put upon this bride that will bind her from defeating that devil. &gt;&gt; He said that's thus sayaith the Lord. &gt;&gt; If it's in the belly of a whale, &gt;&gt; if it's in a lion's den, &gt;&gt; if it's on the bed with a cancer, if it's laying yonder, bleeding to death in an automobile accident, the word of God will defeat Satan anywhere. And the weakest of Christian can use it. It's God's privilege to you to do so. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Andrew, I need a breakthrough. You got the word. Believe the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because our enemy tonight has one goal, and that is to destroy life. Jesus said, "The enemy has come, the thief, but for to steal and to kill and to destroy." He said, "But I am come that they might have life." Brother David Paul, "And that they might have it more abundantly." I love what a prophet said. He said, "You can have life only through Christ." And now what does his word do? It builds up our spiritual body strong as we commune with him to resist the devil. Come on, church. If you don't take your vitamins, you ain't going to have an immune system. And if you don't feed on this message, you ain't going to have no strength to resist that devil. I tell you what, we ought to Well, they make fun of me. I might as well preach. We're the greatest generation that's ever hit the face of the earth because we're not feeding on the mind of a man. We're feeding on the unfailing body word of the Son of Man and by one scripture and by one tape and by one word. We're getting stronger. We're getting stronger. Well, I might as well start off testifying tonight. I say I'm stronger than I've ever been before. I got more battles, Brother Wayne, than I've ever had before. But the word has found a way into my life, and it's working effectually. Don't you let some devil rob you out of the blessings of God. Why don't you go ahead and confess right now, he is my strength. The word is my strength. You're not weak, you're strong. Prophet of God said, it's Satan. It's just the devil. You know what he's trying to do? He's trying to tear you down. He don't want you communing with God. &gt;&gt; Because when you're communing with God, you're resisting him. &gt;&gt; When you're communing with God, you're resisting the devil. &gt;&gt; I want to preach there for two hours, but I can't. When you're communing with this word, it's putting strength in you to resist the devil. &gt;&gt; Prophet of God said, "If Satan tries to hand you some sickness or tries to hand you something, you know what to do. Show him your token. Sure, sickness strikes the Christian, but show him your token and prove to him that you are a purchased product of God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you." Are you ready for this? Hold the token over your unmovable faith in his promised word, &gt;&gt; church of the living God. Well, I need a miracle. Hold your token over the promised word with unmovable faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. We do not fight with carnal weapons. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, &gt;&gt; but they're mighty through God. to the pulling down of strongholds. I love what a prophet said. He said, "We're longing for somewhere where there's no death, where there's no sorrow, where there's no heartaches." How many's longing for that place? Where there's no old age. He said, "The land is somewhere." And we'll never be able to achieve it by guns and fighting and so forth of the natural carnal weapon. But there is a land that we go to and it's a battle to get there. He said, "Now when God gave Israel Palestine, when he was in Egypt, but they had to fight for every inch of it, he said to Joshua, wherever the souls of your foot treads upon that I have given you, so footprints means possession. Just keep walking, pressing on, and every time you make a step in the kingdom of God, that is yours." &gt;&gt; Every time you make a step in the kingdom of God, that is yours. And all things are possible that's given. And all things are given that's possible. Glory to God. But it's a battle. Amen. All things are possible that's given. And all things that's given are possible, but it's a battle. Amen. I love what the prophet of God said. He said from the First World War until now, he said, "There's been advancement in weapon making." Amen. In World War I, if you would take that weapon out today, Amen. that weapon would be obsolete. He said, "See what they're doing is they're always trying to get something better, amen, to combat the enemy with." He said, "The Christian church is an army of God. We are soldiers of the cross." And it is the business of every nation. Amen. To see that their soldiers has the best that there is. Amen. So when God chose, Amen, you as a soldier, amen, he chose to give you the best weapon he could. He said, and he chose it, and it was his word. God gave his army the best equipment that it could ever use. Would never have to be changed. He's never changed it since. You don't have to improve it. It remains the same all the time. It's God's word that he fortified his people with. Now, the enemy knowed as long as the human race stayed with that word, he would never be able to touch them. Oh, he said, "I'm beginning to feel religious right now. As long as the human race, Amen, stayed with the word." He said, "God fortified his family on the earth, his army in the fort of his word." He said, "That's our fortress." See, the name of the Lord is a mighty tower, and the righteous run into it and are safe. He said, "The Lord is the word." &gt;&gt; I love that. They are in there fortified and saved forever more. As long as the human race stays in the word and as long as the church will stay in the word, it's fortified. There's nothing going to bother it. Okay. So, let me ask you then, how did the devil get into the human race? Because it don't take a genius to know the devil somewhere found a way to get into the human race. You know what a prophet said? He said, "By the way of reasoning. That's right. &gt;&gt; He said he used reasoning against faith and he said Satan come to Eve and he began to reason against the word of God which was the great armor that God had fortified his people with. He said oh remember friends that's Satan's tactic to begin with and he still uses the same thing and he is still successful with it. Reasoning. Well, I don't know about you, but I think tonight would be a good night to cast the devil of reasoning out of the tent. I think it would be a good night to cast the devil of reasoning out of your family. Cast the demon of reason out of your home. Cast that demon of reasoning. Listen, you've reasoned things till you about gone insane. Amen. But why don't you climb off the tree of reason and step over on the tree of faith? Listen, the tree of knowledge is limited, but the tree of faith is unlimited. Prophet of God said, "Reasoning against what God said." Amen. I'm going to just go ahead and preach since we're here tonight. That's the That's the reason. He said, "Why?" Now, here's what they say. Why would we need the Holy Ghost today? Y'all ever heard that reason? Amen. Why would we need the Holy Ghost today? I'm going to give you my my real political answer. Are you ready for it? because people are hellbound without it. &gt;&gt; There's nothing to I told y'all a few weeks ago, we're putting too much pressure on people expecting too much that just don't have the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Well, they shouldn't go there and they I'm preaching and they shouldn't do this and they shouldn't do Amen. Well, give them a little break. They ain't got the Holy Ghost. Because if you had the Holy Ghost, you wouldn't be going there and you wouldn't be doing that and you wouldn't be Oh, I'm preaching now. You wouldn't be in those things because there would be something on the inside of you that would be releasing a strength in you to withstand the ws of the devil in the evil day you're living in. Oh, you say, "I ain't got the Holy Ghost." Well, I'm going to put my shouting shoes on. You say, "Why?" Cuz you're in a good place to get it. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, there ain't no better place to die than in a tent where there's grass on the floor. You can snot your nose off. You can cry your eyes out, but when you get up, you can leave changed by the dynamics of Almighty God. I still believe in the power of the Holy Ghost transforming the life of an individual. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. We need the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; You ready for another reason the devil gives Why would we need divine healing? &gt;&gt; Y'all ready for my my &gt;&gt; polished up political answer? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Cuz people sick. &gt;&gt; And they weren't born to be sick. They weren't created to be sick. They weren't born to be in that condition. They were born to be in dominion over that condition. &gt;&gt; Healing is the children's bread. Why would we need another Pentecost? &gt;&gt; I love this one. &gt;&gt; We're all civilized. &gt;&gt; Brother said they were too. &gt;&gt; But you see, if whatever it taken to begin with, whatever God give them to begin with, that's what it ever remains. And the tactics of reasoning is what Satan used. And that's what he ever uses is reasoning. But we know our enemy. &gt;&gt; Now, brethren, let me say this. Any person, any church, any organization, any individual that reasons against one punctuation of God's word is your enemy. &gt;&gt; Now, if you'll quit reasoning with that enemy and start communing with God, you'd have some strength about you. &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. Brother Wayne said, "It takes the word to defeat the enemy." That's what Jesus said there in Matthew 4. Do you all realize Jesus was the word made flesh? He was God in flesh. He was the manifestation of the word. Listen here. He said, "But he stood there and he never used his power." Brother Danny, he never stood there and used his power to whip his enemy. He used the same thing that he left you in a tent meeting in 2025 to use. He used the word. You know what he said? He said, "That's the original artillery." &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. I feel like shouting. That's the original artillery is the word of God. He said, "And what Eve lost, Amen. Christ has regained where Eve let down." Amen. Christ has fortified again. Oh, stay with the original artillery. There's people today who can almost reason you right down and prove to you that the thing is wrong. &gt;&gt; Come on. There's people today with reason, intellectual powers, they can reason you down to a spot that they can almost convince you that what you're believing is wrong. He said Satan was very successful with Eve. He said, "What does reasoning do? It makes it more appealing." Well, the devil starts reasoning and the first thing he does is start making things more appealing. &gt;&gt; An altar is not appealing, but it's the original artillery. Dying out to yourself is not very appealing, but it's the original artillery. &gt;&gt; Oh, I know. When you're depressed, raising your hands in the middle of service and saying, "Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you." &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. Hey, I tell you right now, you won't stay depressed. Praising God. &gt;&gt; You won't stay discouraged. Praising God. You won't stay all wadded up. Praising God. You won't stay under the h under the mulligrs praising God when you begin to praise God. Blessings begin to come down. Oh, I would tonight that we would raise the roof off of this tent this weekend with praises and hallelujah and glory to God. You say, "Preacher, we need to quieten it down." I think, brother Matt, we need to crank it up 10 more notches and let the praises and the glory and the power and the worship and the honor and majesty go unto the one who deserves all of it. You say, "Preacher, I'm waiting on things to change before I praise." Sometimes you got to praise God. And while you're praising God, things change. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Amen. I know it's not appealing. Probably God said, "Where there is the cry to make religion so attractive." &gt;&gt; Oh, God. And appealing. &gt;&gt; That's the rich &gt;&gt; and cultured. and all who have worldly prestige will come in &gt;&gt; and be active in the church. &gt;&gt; Prophet God said, "Did not the Holy Ghost tell us in 2 Timothy 3 in the last days would be an intellectual group in the church?" &gt;&gt; Well, glory to God. He said, "Well, you say that's communist." Oh, no. That's them so-called Christians having a form of godliness, Brother Brian, but denying the power thereof. He said, "And the power is the word made manifest. The power through demonstration of the spirit." Listen, God has overshadowed you, church. The same power of God that come upon a Virgin Mary, the prophet of God said the Holy Ghost overshadowed her. He said it was the power of the highest and it was prophesied to return to the church and overshadow you. You know what that word overshadow means? It is used of the Holy Spirit which is exerting creative energy upon the womb of the Virgin Mary and impregnating it. Amen. A use of the word which we seem to have been drawn from the familiar Old Testament idea of a cloud as a symbolizing the immediate presence and the power of God. Oh, I wish I had that picture tonight. There has been a cloud of Revelation 10:1 that has returned in these last days. Listen folks, it ain't hanging over the Baptist church. It ain't hanging over the Pentecostal church. It ain't hanging over the local charismatic church. But out here in a field in the backwoods of Arkansas is the mighty angel. And he's descended and he's hovering over this building. Oh, he's want to do more than make you feel better. He's want to do more than make you get a little sensation. He's wanting to charge you from the inside to the outside with the dynamics of his power. Oh, I believe there's healing in the cloud. I believe there's miracles in the cloud. I believe there's deliverance in the cloud. Hey, and I can say to you tonight that cloud is in this room. Pro said, "Oh yeah." He said, "Listen, what happens?" He said, "The power of God comes." He said, "God don't have to do anything to make his word more appealing. When the enemy comes like a flood, &gt;&gt; the spirit of the Lord shall raise up &gt;&gt; a standard against him. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love it. Brother said, "What does he do?" He takes the same word, &gt;&gt; that he's already said, &gt;&gt; brother David, and he makes it more positive. &gt;&gt; Can I just say it to you tonight? &gt;&gt; The more positive you become, the more stronger you become. The more positive you become, the more stronger you become. Now you say, "Preacher, you got us out here in this great faith battle and there's a there's a lot going on." Well, there is giants in the land, &gt;&gt; brother. So, whenever God's army goes paraphrasing to possess their inheritance, there's always going to be giants in the way. &gt;&gt; Well, brother Andrew, I'm waiting maybe tomorrow night or maybe Friday night or if &gt;&gt; not by Friday, maybe Saturday. And if not by Saturday, maybe Sunday morning there won't be no giants. And &gt;&gt; oh, if you wait till then, the devil will put as more giants as he can in your way. &gt;&gt; But you know what the Bible said? The Bible said when you go among them, do not meddle with them. &gt;&gt; For I will not give thee the land of the children of lamb and any possession because I've given the children of Lot for a possession. Listen, it's a land of giants dwelling there. Now watch what a prophet said. He said, "As it was in the days of Noah, there was giants in the land. And so Satan also has his intellectual giants in the land today." Oh, they're DD and PHL. Oh, my intellectual giants. He said, "In some, now watch this. Somehow or another, those intellectual giants become spies." Come on. &gt;&gt; He said, "And now, forgive me in lecture, brother, but it's a spy system that sits out among you to take out the sheep and then say, "Why? That's holy rollers, isn't it?" &gt;&gt; Well, I don't like when the preachers always preaching against people, being critical of the move of God. They're exposing spies. &gt;&gt; Because when those spies get a stronghold in the atmosphere, then they begin to reason. And everybody that shouts becomes, "I'm sorry. or I'm just going to preach. I remember when I've seen people shout and dance in the presence of God and then a few years later get a little revelation and get a little intellectual and they'll stand there and laugh at people for doing the same thing they used to do. &gt;&gt; You know what it is? It's a devil. It's a devil. It's an intellectual devil. Oh well, can I preach? He said, "If it's with the word, then you stay with it." He said, "Listen here a few minutes. If you listen that devil a few minutes, he'll have you so far away from truth. &gt;&gt; Till you don't know where you're at. &gt;&gt; Well, can I just say it? &gt;&gt; Our adversary, the devil, is the master at deception. &gt;&gt; Brother Ram said it beautiful. He said, "Them intellectual giants have come in and they've swept in there and they've crept in among us." He said, "Now watch creeped in. That's what's causing us to go out in these big tantrums and that they've done creeped in among us men ordained to this condemnation. Creeped in among us, drawing us away from the word. Listen, causing us to lose faith in the word. He said, wandering spots, ships without sails. He said, "But if you got a real spiritual sale up there and the spirit picks it up and away across she goes in that land they know nothing about." He said, "That's causing you Yes, sir." He said, "Causing you to lose faith in the word by their polished up seminary experiences." Amen. But I want I want I want to turn a corner and say something to you. The hidden power in the church is the faith in the word. &gt;&gt; Our secret is the faith of God in the word. Re said that's what we try to bring our church today. He said with the highest prettiest pews and the best dressed crowd that don't break the stronghold of the devil. It takes the hidden power of the spirit of God. He said that word in there to break the hold. Oh church, he said then what happened to Peter? He said he went up there to Pentecost and he got up there and at Pentecost he put on the whole armor of God. He said now watch the word that he had walked with was now in him burning him up with fire in his flesh and in his soul. He said what is it? It's God making himself ever present in his own army. Hallelujah. God on the day of Pentecost sent down the full armor of God for his army. Listen, I still believe that the spirit quickens the word. Hallelujah. In other words, the pro of God said he is the powder that sends the bullet out there. &gt;&gt; Well, can I just tell that devil tonight, we're not a defenseless people. We're not a defense. This is not a defenseless meeting. Come on, church. No sir. Prophet of God said, "Listen, I've got a gun and it'll shoot. It's got good true shooting gun. I hang it up on the wall and I say, "Oh, yes, I got a gun." What do you do with it? It hangs on the wall. He said, "That's faith." People say, "Oh, I'm a Christian. Oh, I believe God can." But what do you do about it? &gt;&gt; Put it to work. You've been authorized to use it. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. &gt;&gt; You've been authorized to use it. Put it to work. Turn it loose. Do something with it. Get out there. &gt;&gt; Can I just say it? This is not a passive battle. &gt;&gt; This is not a passive battle. We're not sitting here waiting for the devil to bring the battle to us. &gt;&gt; But we have been chosen. Glory to God. We have been elected. We have been selected to take the battle to the enemy. He said, "Get up and hunt the devil." Where he says, "And when that devil says you're still hurting," how many's the devil ever told you that? &gt;&gt; One of you, two of you, three of you. &gt;&gt; You're still hurting. You're a liar. Put a bead on him. Get him in the scope. And don't be afraid to pull the trigger. &gt;&gt; You're a soldier. He said, "Don't be afraid to pull the trigger cuz it'll go off sure as anything." Yes, sir. It'll boomerang on him. So, just hold on. &gt;&gt; Now, your general tonight &gt;&gt; that I'm preach that I'm preaching about has defeated Satan on every ground. every grounds. &gt;&gt; I love what the prophet called him, brother Wayne. He called him the great word general. &gt;&gt; Every place the great word general met the devil. He defeated him. &gt;&gt; Now the prophet of God said it beautifully. He said, "What was it?" It's God's artillery in the human being manifesting the resurrection. What an army. Come on. &gt;&gt; Like an army marches the Christian soldier. &gt;&gt; Great triumph. He's in us. Not me. He's already conquered it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You imagine, brother Joe going out on the battlefield in a war and you're going out there and they're fighting for victory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They're literally facing the enemy and they don't know if that enemy is going to take them out or not. But you're going to the enemy &gt;&gt; from victory. &gt;&gt; The one that's behind you has already whipped the one that's in front of you. &gt;&gt; And he come into you by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Why are you afraid to face that devil? &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm just going to say what the Lord put on my heart today in my little office out there. Some things you're going to have to just fight about. &gt;&gt; You're going to have to quit sitting there waiting on the tables to turn and say, "Well, maybe if this lines up and this happens and this works out, I'll believe." You're going to have to stand up in the middle of a service and say, "Satan, you're defeated. &gt;&gt; Devil, you're a liar. Devil, you will not take my brother. You will not take my sister. You will not take my family. You can't just sit there all passive and let the devil carry out the victory. I'm a soldier in the army of the Lord. I got my war clothes on in the army of the Lord. I didn't dress up and come out here to sit on the sidelines. I come here to fight. I come here to scrap. I come here to fight with that devil. How many says this is the last night I will put up with this devil? This is the last day I will be controlled. fight back. &gt;&gt; Well, brother Andrew, no. No, no. Well, Brother Andrew, &gt;&gt; give your enemy the word test. &gt;&gt; Brother said, "When he said Jesus Christ is a fake religion, it's been dead for a long time. There's no such a thing as this. There's no such a thing as a days a miracle." Stand there. &gt;&gt; Am I reading that right, Brother Brian? stand there with the baptism of the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; and prove that it's the truth. &gt;&gt; Preacher, what are you saying? I'm saying this. You fight the devil by living the word. &gt;&gt; Some of y'all right now are sitting there and the devil convinced you you're defeated and &gt;&gt; you've been putting bruises on him all day long. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But you know why he's convinced you that? Because you don't feel like you're victorious. You don't feel like you're a soldier. You don't feel like you're possessing anything. You don't feel like things are changing. You don't feel like things are happening. Well, I rebuke feelings tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. I'm not a soldier fighting with feelings. I'm a soldier in the army of the Lord, and I'm fighting with the faith of the word of God. Satan's biggest fear right now is a Christian soldier fighting the greatest battle ever been fought with full assurance. &gt;&gt; Come on. I'm preaching to you tonight. Amen. I'm pushing back against this devil that's trying to rob you of a deliverance, that's trying to rob you of a wonderful meeting. That's trying to rob your mind and trying to rob you. I'm preaching against that devil tonight. You say, "Preacher, what are you doing?" I'm preaching with full assurance in my heart. This message is the truth. &gt;&gt; I'm preaching with full assurance in my heart. This message is the truth. I may not be able to say it the way I feel like it or say it the way I want to say it or put it together the best way, but inside of this whole 16 element body of Tennessee dirt is a full assurance. This message will whiff the devil anywhere, anytime, any place, under any condition. I don't care how low you are. It'll whiff the devil. I don't care how sick you are. I'm just going to have fun. It'll whiff the devil. I don't care how depressed you are. It'll whiff the devil. I don't care how broke you are. It'll whiff the devil inside of my heart. Is preaching faith from a heart full of assurance in the word, which is the original artillery. Hallelujah. Well, somebody praise God. The devil is defeated when full assurance rises. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Brother Wayne, how many men stepped out on the battlefield as chosen soldiers of the United States military and they never went back home? But you stepped out on the battlefield &gt;&gt; and that devil looked at you and said, "I'm going to take you out." And you said, "I come from God." &gt;&gt; And I'm going back to God and there ain't nothing you can do about it. &gt;&gt; Come on, face that devil tonight. That devil of cancer that tells you, "I'm going to take your life." &gt;&gt; Face him tonight and say, "You didn't give me my life and you can't take my life. That old demon of nervousness, that old demon of depression, that old demon of always getting your feelings hurt, always sitting around tore up cuz somebody done somebody wrong. Why don't you face that devil tonight and say, "Satan, in the name of Jesus, I've got full assurance in my heart, you are a defeated foe. &gt;&gt; Satan, you're defeated." &gt;&gt; You say, "Preacher, it's been a long time and and I I don't know. I don't know. I don't I don't know if I can if I can come out of this situation. It's a It's the greatest battle, the battle of faith I've ever been in. And and brother Andrew, you don't you don't know how this battle has affected my spiritual life. And And you don't know, brother Andrew. &gt;&gt; Fight the good fight of faith. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Remember, we're not on a picnic. &gt;&gt; We're in a battlefield. Can I have a few minutes here? &gt;&gt; Many people just think when they become a Christian, that's all they need to do and that just settles it forever. They're a Christian and everything's going to come easy. Don't you ever get that in your head. &gt;&gt; I become a Christian to fight. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I become a Christian to fight. I &gt;&gt; if I wanted to lay down and quit, I should have stayed out of the army of the living God. But I'm in the army of the living God to fight &gt;&gt; fight the good fight of faith. He said, I become a Christian to get in the battle lines. We're Christian soldiers. We got to be trained and brought up and know all the techniques of the enemy. &gt;&gt; Now, now, can I can I can I show you a warrior real quick? in in preaching tonight. &gt;&gt; Faith waits patient. &gt;&gt; Faith waits patient for the promised word &gt;&gt; to be fulfilled. &gt;&gt; Now, Abraham, you're old and your strength is gone and your arms are withered up and your manhood's gone, but I'm your mother. &gt;&gt; Just take a hold of my promise &gt;&gt; and be satisfied while you're waiting. &gt;&gt; Now, that's the way every believer, no matter how bad the cancer's got you, feeling good right now. &gt;&gt; How long you've been sitting in a wheelchair, &gt;&gt; any of those things, if you can grasp that revelation from God, &gt;&gt; then be satisfied knowing that it's going to happen because faith waits patiently for the promise. Brother Matt, no longer how you've been sitting in the wheelchair. &gt;&gt; What about Congressman Upshaw? &gt;&gt; In the early 1900s, do you all know medicine was nowhere near where it is today? &gt;&gt; I read this uh Voice of God put this out several years ago on William Upshaw. He was an 18-year-old boy who fell and broke his spine. Being an invid at the turn of the 20th century or the turn of the century rather was worse than anyone could imagine. An 18-year-old boy had to come to terms he may never walk again. &gt;&gt; Footsteps &gt;&gt; means &gt;&gt; possession. The next seven years would be spent laying in a bed and eventually he would learn to walk again with crutches that he actually called his little buddies. &gt;&gt; Oh God, he faced challenges. &gt;&gt; But every challenge he faced, he was building inner strength. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. I'm closing. William upshaw become famous for three phrases. Are you ready for them? &gt;&gt; The first one was let nothing discourage you. &gt;&gt; When you saw upshaw, he would say let nothing discourage you. The second one was never give up. &gt;&gt; And the third one was God will heal me. &gt;&gt; It just isn't time yet. Let nothing discourage you. Well, church, tonight's a good night to put your kicking shoes on and kick that devil in the sea of the britches and say, "This is the last day you're going to discourage me. This is the last service I'm going to sit in discouraged. This is the last song I'm going to sing, Brother Charles. Discourage. This is the last meeting that I'm going to under the influence of the spirit of discouragement. &gt;&gt; I got a question for you. Okay. He I'm I'm not I'm I'm not trying to dig in this too deep, but he was hurt as a child. And his whole life he lived with this hurt &gt;&gt; 66 years &gt;&gt; from 18 something that happened in his childhood. And for 66 years he sat hurt from something that happened &gt;&gt; in his childhood &gt;&gt; and he went to church and how many preachers tried to get him out of that wheelchair. Brother Joe, &gt;&gt; how many meetings did he sit in? Like you're sitting right there tonight and some preacher get up there and see Upshaw was in the building and man, tonight's the night to put my name in neon lights. Hallelujah. Congressman Upshaw is in the building. Oh, glory to God. Upshaw, I see. It's time to get up. Oh, brother, walk. Hallelujah. Get the music going. It's time to get up. Glory to God. Come on, walk. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; How many preachers tried to get him out of that wheelchair and they never could? You know why? Because God had an appointed time. God had an appointed time. And in those 66 years, he never quit praising God. He never quit believing God. He never quit worshiping because in his soul was growing the revelation that he's still Jehovah Rafa. He's still Jehovah Gyra. He's still a miracle worker. No matter how dark the skies are, Brother Wayne, no matter how hard the days are, no matter how long I have to sit here, God will heal me. And I'm never going to give up. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't know what wheelchair you're sitting in tonight. Maybe it's not a physical wheelchair. Maybe it's a spiritual wheelchair. And the devil rolls you to church in it. And the devil rolls you home in it. And the devil rolls you up around in it. But why don't you say, "Tonight, Satan, is the last night I will sit here as a crippled soldier in the army of the living God. I have been called of God to believe God and to put my foot on every divine promise. Hallelujah. It's time to fight back, church. [Applause] &gt;&gt; And he's sitting there and a prophet looks at him, Brother Joel, and he says, "Oh, I see you got this color suit." And do you have that color suit? Well, I bought it today and I'm going, "Oh, God." and everything's just lining right up and everything's just falling right in place. And all of a sudden, he says, "In the name of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; rise up &gt;&gt; and walk." [Music] &gt;&gt; You know what the prophet said he done? He didn't sit there and say, "Well, here we go again. &gt;&gt; Let's see if it works this time. Let's see if this is the service. Let's just let's just before. Bless you. &gt;&gt; Brother Joel, prophet God said he jumped up out of the wheelchair. &gt;&gt; He didn't wait to see if his feet worked. &gt;&gt; He didn't wait to see if his legs worked. He didn't wait to see if he had some feeling in his toes. He jumped up out of the wheelchair and he took off running. I can imagine he ran up there singing, "I'm a soldier in the army of the Lord. I've been fighting for this moment. I've been praying for this moment. I've been believing for this moment. Well, I close tonight by saying this. The moment you've been praying for, the moment you've been fighting for, the moment you've been looking for is here tonight in the presence of Jesus Christ. Get up, soldier. Get up off the battlefield. Get up off your penny party. Get up off your ash heap. Put on your soldier clothes. Get a sword in your hand. Let's fight through the line of enemies. Let's fight for the spirit of unbelief. Let's fight for the demon of negativity. [Applause] It's time to press back. It's time to harass that devil. Hallelujah. Stand on your feet tonight and say, "I'm a soldier &gt;&gt; standing strong &gt;&gt; in the battle of faith." &gt;&gt; Won't you stand to your feet tonight? I'm a soldier. &gt;&gt; Not a coward. &gt;&gt; I'm a soldier. &gt;&gt; I'm not a quitter. &gt;&gt; I'm a soldier. &gt;&gt; Knock me down, I'll get up again. &gt;&gt; I'm a soldier. &gt;&gt; Prophet God said, "Do you see God always has some resource for divine healing?" He said, "Why people who were critical looked in St. John 5 and said, "Step in the water." But the wind hits the wall and blows the water back. You ever walk down into a pool? The old place is still there. And they said, "Oh, it's just a change in the wind." But to those who believed it was an angel. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. But to those who believed it was an angel and the Bible declares it to be an angel. &gt;&gt; I believe beyond a shadow of a doubt that the people of this meeting will have to recognize that there is a supernatural being that is standing here that's ministering through me and you can accept it as God or whatever you want to accept it that will determine your healing. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Faith is our victory. Can I can I pile a few more on the devil real quick? &gt;&gt; God rebuke that devil &gt;&gt; that's hindering you beautiful little girls. May the power that raised Jesus from the grave cast that thing away and never bother you no more. I say that on the authority of God's word. You have to get angry with the devil. &gt;&gt; God gives us the victory. We've got it right now. [Music] Brother Ram goes to another meeting several years later after Hubshaw's healed and brother David he's standing there preaching and he says is congressman upshaw here tonight he said oh there's the congressman he said why don't you come up here and say something &gt;&gt; not roll up here come up here [Music] Come on. &gt;&gt; Remember this. Now, this is up. So, I I wish I'd sent it and played it, but just listen to it. Remember this. You who are stretched out here and want to be healed. &gt;&gt; Ain't nobody got no right to tell me that he's been where you been. &gt;&gt; Step out as God healed me to do. I said God's voice. That's what he says. I said God's voices spoke with brother Brandham. Brother Brandham said the congressman is healed. I said it's the voice of God. [Music] &gt;&gt; It's the voice of God. &gt;&gt; What I'm hearing is the voice of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There's a response. When there's a call, &gt;&gt; when there's a call made, there's a response. The congressman is healed, he stood up and he said, "God spoke to me." And here's what he said. I've been the happiest man since I threw my crutches and started out to witness to his healing as well as his saving power. I'm the happiest man that's ever been in Jeffersonville since Columbus discovered America. Got any soldiers here tonight? &gt;&gt; Got any Gy got any soldiers here tonight? &gt;&gt; Anybody got their walking shoes on tonight? &gt;&gt; Anybody got their feet shot with the preparation of the gospel? &gt;&gt; Will you take a prophet's instruction? Let me tell you, brother, when a man or a woman will step out virginly on the promise of God and say, "I believe it." Walk out in the street saying, "I believe it. I believe it. I believe it." Then it's going to happen. &gt;&gt; Church, I'm a soldier. &gt;&gt; And I'm speaking to soldiers tonight. &gt;&gt; The devil's not going to hand you your desire. &gt;&gt; You're going have to fight for it. Amen. &gt;&gt; But I believe tonight it's a cause worth fighting for. &gt;&gt; I believe the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost is worth fighting for. &gt;&gt; I believe your miracle is worth fighting for. [Music] &gt;&gt; Remember one time I was in a meeting and I was sitting there and there was a sister and and God love her heart. She's up is up in Canada. She was Rain. She was having church. Everything the preacher said, "Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah." It'd be dead quiet in there and she'd just take off shouting, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Sitting at breakfast the next morning, the brother sitting next to me. I don't know why we always attract them guys. He kind of leans over and he says, "Wasn't that getting on your nerves last night?" He said, "You know that's called emotion, don't you?" &gt;&gt; I'm still working on my political manners. &gt;&gt; I just sitting there drinking my coffee and I leaned over. I said, "It's called spiritual warfare." [Music] &gt;&gt; See, because I knew what she was fighting for. She was fighting against demons that were trying to take her kids to a devil's hell and a sinner's grave. You know what? The next year I went back up there and preached to that boy saved and full of the Holy Ghost. You say, "Preacher, it don't work." I got too many testimonies. It works. I rebuke that demon of intellectualism. I rebuke that demon of harassment that's trying to harass you and bring a new mode of worship in and trying to bring a polished way of backing the word of God up. I rebuke that devil in the name of Jesus Christ. And I say, devil, you're off limits on these grounds. We got some mamas and they're going to fight back against that devil till God restores their babies. We got some women that are praying for their husbands and we're going to join with them and we're going to fight all weekend if we have to. The devil's got a hold of people's health and we're not going to polish up this atmosphere and quieten down the anointing. No, Siri. &gt;&gt; We're soldiers &gt;&gt; and good things come to them that fight for it. &gt;&gt; How many raise your hands and say, "Lord, I'm a soldier &gt;&gt; and it's a cause worth fighting for. &gt;&gt; Harass my mind, I'm gonna fight anyhow. Harass my family. I'm going to fight anyhow. &gt;&gt; Harass my church. &gt;&gt; Going to fight anyhow. &gt;&gt; Harass my family. I'm going to fight anyhow. &gt;&gt; Harass this. Somebody ought to put some no trespassing signs up there to the devil. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Somebody ought to hang some no trespassing signs up there in front of this tent. So when the devil shows up, he knows he's going to get a beaten legally. &gt;&gt; He's been warned not to show up. &gt;&gt; Standing strong. &gt;&gt; How many say, "Lord, increase my courage." &gt;&gt; How many say, "Lord, refresh me tonight as a soldier." Can we bow our hearts tonight? I've got an enemy in front of me, but I got a promise behind me. &gt;&gt; I've got a doctor's report in front of me, but I got the word behind me. &gt;&gt; I've got a scar or a situation or a problem in front of me. I got the word behind me. I'm going to fight tonight. I'm going to fight this weekend. I'm going to fight. I'm going to fight back against that devil. Almighty God, in this tent tonight is warriors, soldiers, Lord, handpicked, divinely selected, chosen from before the foundation of the world for this great faith battle. Ordained of God to stand in this hour. ordained of God to swing this sword. And Lord, the devil's harassing them. But Lord, may they approach these meetings differently than any other meetings they've ever approached. Father, as we've come here tonight to speak your word, and Lord, we so thank you for this privilege to spend a few minutes here communing with you and your children around the things that you've revealed in this hour. And Lord, I know they've heard these things over and over and over, but Lord, it just so come real to my heart today. We're in a great faith battle, but we're standing strong. We're not giving in, Lord. We're not giving up. We're not We're not becoming intimidated by Satan's harassments, Lord. We're standing in faith. And Lord, I believe right here tonight, there's believers breaking out on the battle lines right now. Father, as your word has gone forth, Lord, I believe they've been hearing, they've been hearing the call of battle tonight from the word. The great word general has spoken here tonight. And he's told us and given us instructions, resist that devil. That thing you're communing with, resist it. Resist that that negative line spirit. Resist it right now. Hallelujah. That devil that's telling you you're going to lose your mind, resist him right now in the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. That devil that's trying to call upon you right now and tell you this is going to be another meeting. You're going to leave the same. Nothing's going to change. Nothing's going to happen. Resist that devil right now in the name of Jesus. Resist him right now. Almighty God, come by this tent tonight, Lord. On the first night of these meetings, come by. If there be a soldier that's laid their sword down, taken their armor off, sat down on the sidelines, in the name of Jesus, I charge them. I charge them tonight. In the name of the Lord, pick up your sword. Take on the whole armor of God. Fight. Fight through the devil. Fight through those spirits tonight. It's a cause worth fighting for. Stand strong. in the faith in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Oh, would you just raise your hands tonight all over the tent? Say, Lord, come by my way. Fighting tonight. I'm fighting tonight. I'm fighting tonight. Fighting in the name of the Lord. I'm fighting. Fighting for my family. Fighting for my health. Satan, I'm not laying down. I'm not quitting. Help me sing it tonight. Oh, there is power. &gt;&gt; I'm fighting tonight. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Young people, &gt;&gt; you're a soldier tonight. &gt;&gt; Power. &gt;&gt; Fight against that devil. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Power in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army. &gt;&gt; There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] Break every chain. There's a battle. It's raing on. Sometimes I feel I don't have the strength to carry on. And when I've done all I can, I just put the battle in God's hands. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. It'll break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] Break every chain. For I know there's an army ring. There's an army [Applause] [Music] [Music] to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. I know there's a battle. It's raing on. Sometimes I feel I don't have the strength to press on. When I've done all I can, I just put the battle in my God's hand. For I know there's power in the name of Jesus. Yes, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain for I know there is power. How many can say that tonight in your heart? How many know the truth? There is power in Jesus. [Music] In the name of Jesus, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Is there an army rising up? There's an army rising up. [Music] to break every chain. Break every chain. You break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] Break every chain. Break every chain. It'll break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. &gt;&gt; Break every chain. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? I want to go back. How many soldiers do we have here tonight? I think that's a perfect message for the first night of a meeting. &gt;&gt; We're soldiers in God God's army. Ain't that wonderful? God is building an army. And if you look around, this looks a lot like a training camp. Amen. Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; We just want to let God to come and equip us for what we have need of for the battle that is ahead. Amen. I believe he gave us the one thing that that defeats the enemy anywhere. Isn't that powerful? He said the word of God, it'll defeat the devil any place, anytime, anywhere. It'll defeat him. That's all we need. Ain't it, Brother Dave? It'll defeat him when you're feeling good. It'll defeat him when you're feeling bad. Ain't that right? It'll defeat him on your best day. It'll defeat him on your worst day. &gt;&gt; Amen. The devil knows it. That's why he tries to keep the word out of the mouth of a believers. I I think that's what we ought to tell the devil sometimes. Devil, I know the word of God will defeat you. It don't matter what comes my way. The word of God, it'll defeat the I wish Dr. Seuss would have got saved and got a hold of this message a long time ago. He'd have wrote a new book. He'd have said, "The word of God will defeat the devil on the train. It'll defeat him in the rain. It'll defeat him when you're home. It'll defeat him when you're good. It'll defeat him when you're feeling bad. The word of God is the best thing that I've ever had. It don't matter what comes my way. The word of God is here to stay. I think the word of God is enough. And God has equipped the believer tonight with the very thing that'll overcome the enemy. I think we ought to put our hands together for the Lord and say, "The word that God gave us is big enough to take over any enemy that I have to face." Amen. You believe that tonight? Amen. Let's just sing this together. Well, I've been changed. I've been healed. &gt;&gt; I've been healed. &gt;&gt; Yes, I've been free. &gt;&gt; I've been I've been delivered. Well, I found joy. &gt;&gt; I found peace. &gt;&gt; I found amazing grace. I'm highly favored. And right now is the moment. Yesterday is the day I've been changed. I've been changed. And I said, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back. [Music] &gt;&gt; Will all my chains, all my &gt;&gt; Yes. All my &gt;&gt; All my sins, &gt;&gt; they be forgiven. Now there's no more chains. &gt;&gt; More chains. No, no, &gt;&gt; it's all my fin. [Music] And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. Well, somebody declare that your testimony. And I say that I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. All my shame, all my kids, it's all my sins. They been forgiven. And there's no more chains. No more fear. &gt;&gt; It's all my past. My past is finally over. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. And I said, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be. Before your spirit came, change me. And I said, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your spirit came. I can't help. I got to sing that last verse one more time. All my chains, all my &gt;&gt; It's all my sins. &gt;&gt; They've been forgiven. How many you lift your hands tonight and say that there's no more chains, no more fears. Yes. All my past is finally over. And my is the moment to put the devil in this place. I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. And I said, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. for your spirit changed me when I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back before your spirit came and changed me. Won't you give him another hand clap of praise? Sister Becca, would you come? Amen. Amen. It's a good night to keep on the firing line, isn't it? Hey, we're coming here. We're going to we're going to put the devil in his place and get a meeting started. How many come to have a meeting? &gt;&gt; Amen. I think we all just let go and let God. Amen. I know the sisters get some uh coffee and desserts and things prepared and and just going to have a great time of fellowship and so we're certainly looking forward to that. But I think we just need to just to go ahead and let just get free and might get ready to Brother Andrew said you didn't have to wait till tomorrow night. Amen. We can just get ready to have a meeting. Amen. We're going to set an atmosphere that the devil don't want to be welcome in. &gt;&gt; How many How many say, "Devil, you're not welcome." Go ahead and say it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Go ahead and go ahead and let him know now. Let your actions speak louder than your words. &gt;&gt; Amen. The devil ain't welcome. He ain't welcome in my life. He ain't welcome in my home. He ain't welcome in my marriage. He ain't welcome in my church. He ain't welcome in my meeting. The devil, he just ain't welcome. Now, don't look around your neighbor and say, "Devil, you're not welcome." But just let him know he ain't welcome tonight. Amen. Cuz we're soldiers in God's army. Amen. And I come to this meeting expecting great miracles. I expect a move of God. I expect people that are lost to be saved. I expect people to be that are sick to be healed. I expect people that need a touch from the Lord to be touched. People that need deliverance. I expect them to be delivered. The devil's come too late to tell me. I've been in too many meetings where people that couldn't walk got up and walked. I watched a lady one time in India that for six years, she had been sitting in a paralyzed condition from her waist down that people had to help her carry her walk into the meeting. Couldn't walk on her own from an accident in a an auto accident. She said she had a a dream or a vision one night. She was a Hindu woman and and the and a man in the dream told her, "You go to a gospel meeting. go to the gospel meeting and you'll receive your healing. So the lady went to one of her friends and didn't even know what a gospel meeting was. She said, "What's a gospel meeting?" She said, "Well, here's some that I found." They went to a Pentecostal meeting and different things. Every meeting they could find, they went to. And for six years, that woman went to gospel meetings and she still never had healing. She still she never she never got up. All that still going through it. But one day, we were sitting over there preaching a message on doubt being an enemy of God. I didn't know who the woman was. I was preaching a testimony about God healing me when I was a little boy. And I thought, if I can't do nothing else, I can say what God does. God's a healer. He fixed my arm when it was broke. And my mom and dad didn't have enough money. They were worried. My mom was worried about taking me to the doctor. But God performed a miracle on me. And he put my arm just some many of you, how many was here that night? Many of that was there. God, God bless y'all. God, God came in and performed a miracle on me. And I was telling that testimony in the meeting that go that the devil can't make me doubt God being a healer because God healed me. And when God does something for you, it took all the doubt away. I said, I can always look at that arm when I start to doubt. And I remember wiping the dirt off my arm when God healed me. And I said, God, God done it and I can't doubt because I seen God do it. And all of a sudden, while I told that, this woman got up out of the back of the room and came wobbling to the front of the building and that place went to shouting and praising God. That brother, the the interpreter started shaking me. Do you know what's happening? And I said, "No, I I don't know what I thought she was under some spook or something because the way she was running." He said, "That woman hadn't been able to walk like that in six years. She's been sitting there. People's been carrying her, but she came up and gave a testimony." She said, "I heard that young man's testimony." And I said, "God, if that would work for him, then it would work for me." And the feeling came back to her legs. Let me hear. You come too late to tell me that God don't heal and God don't save and God don't deliver. I'm talking about a God that is more than able. It don't matter what you have need of. You just go ahead and tell the devil, "You're not welcome here." And God's word is still true. No matter what we need. Amen. I come expecting God to do great things. We've got a right as believers to take our stand upon the word of God and put the devil in his place. That the devil didn't put this meeting together. God put it together. And we got a right to get it. Take every advantage of it that we can. Amen. And I believe the spirit of God is here and he's here to do something for you. How many lift your hand and say, "Brother Matt, I'm going to take everything God has to offer and you're going to receive it." And you're going to receive it. Amen. [Music] They'll keep you in my mother. You must fight. You must keep on the fire. There are many angels now beyond the space. You see God is [Applause] not finding [Music] where you must [Music] [Applause] fall. You never [Music] [Applause] [Music] he can't trust. So keep on the fire. And if you wear a crown, it never cross you. Just keep on your life for the master. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Keep on the line. Somebody else just keep on the fire line. Don't leave behind. If you must win for the rising [Music] well when we get to heaven brother [Music] and I will praise the savior for the glory. Just keep on and when we see the soul that we have to Jesus from the s. [Applause] [Music] Well, you must fight against all evil and never run or even lie behind. And if you would win for God and the righteous, keep on the far red line. Well, you must fight and be brave against all evil and never run. You're leaving behind. If you must win for God in the right, keep on the far red line. But I said if you must win for God in the right keep on the fire. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Some soldiers in God's army. Isn't it wonderful to be a part of something that we we know the end result. Brother Andrew said we have an assurance. &gt;&gt; Many soldiers go into battle. They're not sure they'll ever make it home because many have fallen in battle. But we have an assurance that no matter what we face in this battle, we're going to make it home. &gt;&gt; Ain't that a wonderful? Did you catch that? Isn't that wonderful? That's our assurance that we're going to make it home. We We're going into battle, but our assurance we're going to be home. &gt;&gt; All our wounds will be mended. All the sorrow will be forgotten. All the pain, all the tears will be wiped away. We're going to make it home. &gt;&gt; We have a real assurance. Amen. How many believes that tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. He said, "We have a blessed assurance." Amen. That God has given us that we're going to make. We're get ready to close tonight. Sister Betty would like to stand for for Jordan tonight and she's not be able to make the services. The doctor told her she needed to stay in the bed for a few weeks trying to keep her from till her baby is born. and uh she's been having some really uh high blood pressure and and and so they went to the doctor a few times in the middle of the night. So, we just asked the Lord to to touch her body and her grandma's wanting to stand uh for tonight and it's her first baby and so we certainly believe that God, you know, many times has brought many people through that same thing. So, we just want to ask the Lord. It's never wrong to ask God to stand in. Amen. Amen. They can't figure out how that why that stuff happens. But we have a God that certainly knows. Amen. And so we just want to stand for her tonight. Also remember, Brother Roy asked for prayer, was sick in his body, wanted to be at the meeting that he'd be able to be recovered and be here tomorrow night. And and so we just want to remember them in prayer. Let's just bow our heads together if you all want to join us and pray. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, here we stand, God, as a body of believers, Lord. God, I know there are many needs and sicknesses and things that people have need of, Lord. God, that we come to these meetings, Lord, for that very purpose, Lord, that we can meet you, Lord. And God, that you can move on families and homes and situations. And Lord, we just ask you tonight, Lord, as we stand for these believers, Lord, knowing that they need a touch in their body, Lord. We know that you're more than able. We lift their names up before you, Lord. We just ask you that you would give them strength, Lord, healing to their body, Lord. I pray anybody here tonight, Lord. And God, I pray you would give them such a a testimony, Lord, that God that they would be able to to bring the spirit, Lord, that they that they find in this place, Lord, to those that are around them, Lord. that may there be such an anointing in this meeting, God, that we would make an impact on the community. And Lord, we just we just want to lift your name above all names. Lord, we thank you now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Can we sing that song? Blessed assurance. Blessed asssurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a for taste of glory divine air of salvation, [Music] purchased of God, born of his spirit. washed in his blood. This is my story. [Music] This is my song. Praising the Savior all day long. [Music] This is my soul. This is my song. Praising my Savior. [Music] all the day long. Perfect communion, [Music] perfect delight. [Applause] [Music] Visions of rapture now burst on my side. angels descending. Bring from above echoes of mercy, whispers of love. Amen. God bless you tonight as you go. Tomorrow night service will be at 7. This is my song. Praising my savior [Music] all the day. [Music] This is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my Savior all the day long. Perfect communion, perfect delight, visions of rapture.
