################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - Bro Andrew Glover | Rahab The Influencer | 06-18-2025 - Andrew Glover - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   Bro Andrew Glover | Rahab The Influencer | 06-18-2025
Speaker: Andrew Glover
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eDi3k4oWmI
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, [Music] [Applause] heat. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, for I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing. Oh, let's all stand and sing that first verse to him this evening. Oh, I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing heavenly good. Oh, I love your voice this evening. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest night, you were close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the good name. Oh, if he's been faithful to you, just lift your hand and sing it to him. And all my life you have been faithful. Yes, my Lord. All my life you have been so so good. with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of God with Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this evening. Can you say he's been good to you? Amen. We have so much to thank him for and praise him for. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. I know a lot of you travel today. Just pray that spirit of tiredness will be over you guys. You guys would just come worship and get in the spirit and just pull on the word for brother Andrew this evening. Just come with great expectation. Brother Brian, will you open the service in a word [Music] for a purpose, Lord Jesus, and you would meet those purposes for us, Father. Lord God, we open our hearts to you, Lord, that there would be nothing hidden, Lord. Father God, that we'd lay it all out, Father God, and you would accept all of our sacrifice. Father, in tune our ears, Father God, when you bring forth the word that we may rejoice in it, Father God, and be glad, Lord Jesus. Father, knowing every song, Lord Jesus. Father God, anything, any need, Lord, that any one of us may have tonight, Lord, that it would be met before we exit this house, Lord Jesus. Father, we ask it all in your precious, holy name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Want to sing that song. Jesus, hold my hand. Well, as I travel through this pill from land, there is a friend who walks with me. Yes, he leads me safely through the sea. in sand. It is the Christ of Calary. Oh, and this would be my prayer, dear Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. Oh, for I need thy heart to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need thee every hour. Oh, and through this pilgrim land. Oh, protect me by thy power and hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. For when I heal in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, and let me travel in the light. Be mind that I may see the blessed way. Oh, and keep me that I may be holy, thine, and sing redemption song someday. [Music] Oh, and I will be a soldier brave and true and ever firmly take a stand. Oh, as I onward go and daily meet the full. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour. Oh, and through this pilgrim land. Oh, protect me by thy power. Oh, hear my feeble plea. Oh Lord, look down on me. Oh, when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, and when I wander through the valley, dim towards a setting of the sun. Yes. Lead me safely to a land of rested by your crown of life have won. For I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I may reach the golden strength. For there's no other friend on whom I can depend. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, and Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, I need thee every hour and through this pilgrim land. Oh, protect me by thy power. Oh, here my feeble ple. Oh, look down on me. Oh, when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Cuz I'm a pill man, a stranger. I'm wandering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. And know I know I'll see my Savior if my life is free from sin. Oh, heaven's doors will open for me. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Yes. When the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. And when we gather around the throne and the gates are closed within. Yes, I'll be shouting. Glory, glory. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. So now I'm waiting for my pe off or to swing low. Then I'll step on in the clouds. I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints, oh, let's all stand this evening. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Yes, when the saints Oh, let's sing that last verse once more. So now I'm waiting for my offing. Oh, to swing low, then I'll step on in. Oh, on the cloud I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saints Oh, as the brothers come for the offering. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. Oh, the saints who maring in. Oh, give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Amen. Furthermore, can we go ahead [Music] [Music] How many you ready to leave this world this evening? Well, I'm laying up my treasures in that home above. I'm trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love. I'm doing what I can for that heavenly dove. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready now to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of pearls. I'm keeping my record. I watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. I'm trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, in each earthly trial I his love can trace. Oh, I'm sure that up in heaven I shall find a place. Cuz I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Well, I'm getting ready for those gates of pearl. I'm keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." And if it were not true, I would have told you so. Just a little while to linger here below. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of pearl. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, to prepare a mansion. Jesus said, "I'll go." And if it were not true, I would have told you so. Just a little while to linger here below. But I'm getting ready to leave. Sister Gabriella could bring her song. Getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for those gates of pearl. I'm keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Elizabeth ready to sing right after [Music] walked away. And I've lost myself a [Music] bridge crossed and burned. But through all the wreckage I have learned and there's one that I could never lose. If I got Jesus and I've got hope that I could ever need. Take the world away from me and I'll be okay if I got Jesus. [Music] And there's a hope that's living deep inside. A joy that I can never hide. safe place to fall if I got Jesus. And I've got it all. And I've seen the weakness turn strength. And I've seen failures made with grace. And it's not from what I've done. It's Christ in me. A miracle I can't explain. Oh, he's giving me his name. I'm the richest girl that I could ever be. If I got Jesus and I've got all that I could ever need. Take the world away from me and I'll be okay. If I got Jesus and there's a hope that's living deep inside, a joy that I could never hide is safeless to fall if I got Jesus. And I've got it all. Someday that trumpet's going to sound and the king of heaven ride upon the clouds are coming down and I'll hit my knees. [Applause] I'm going home. If I got Jesus, I got old and I can take the world away from me and I'll be okay. If I got Jesus, [Music] there's a hope that's living deep inside. A joy that I can never hide. Safe place to fall. If I got Jesus, I' got it all. If I got Jesus and I' got it all. [Applause] [Music] Thank you for the Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. Bearing all my sin and shame in love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the help that washed me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. reigning glory. [Music] I am lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven, crucified. Worthy is the lamb for the cross. [Music] Thank you for the price. all my sin and shame in love and gave the face to me. Thank you for this love. [Music] for the name of Jes. [Music] How long I know your forgiveness s worthy is the lamb seated on the throne. We crown you now with many ground. You made victory. [Music] [Applause] I am lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Can you say he's worthy tonight? Amen. We have so much to be thankful for this evening. Let's all stand as we get ready to change the order of service. Gratitude. How many you thankful for all that he's done for you? How many you thankful you got Jesus this evening? How many you thankful Jesus got you this evening? Man, let's just sing this song. All my words fall. I've got nothing to do. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing the song as I often do. Every song I sing. Oh, and you never do. So I'll throw up my hands, praise you again and again. with all that I have. Oh yes. Singing hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I have nothing else speak for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Oh yes. I'm just one spot. I've got just one move. Oh, will you praise him now? Arms stretch wide. Oh, I will worship you. [Applause] So I'll throw up my hands, praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] So I throw up my hands. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I have nothing else for a king. Oh, except for a heart single. Hallelujah. Oh, so come on my soul. Oh, so come on my soul. Don't you get shouting. Lift up your soul. You've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, so come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shout me. Lift up your soul. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and pray. I'll sing that part once more. Oh, so come all my soul. Oh, don't you get shouting. Lift up your soul. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, just once more. Oh, so come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You've got a lighting inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, so I'll throw up my hand and praise you again and again. Oh, cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Oh, a hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king. Except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I've got just one response. I've got one response. I've got just one move. Oh, will you lift your hands and praise him this evening on stretch? Oh, I will worship you. I'll sing it to him now. Go out [Applause] is a highle. [Music] Well, I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Won't you give him another hand clap of praise? Isn't he wonderful tonight to serve a living God? Amen. We don't have much to offer him, but what we have, we want to give it to the Lord tonight. Amen. I just trust that the Lord that that he can take every investment that we make in the gospel and and he can turn it for our good. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. We just say it's good to be in the house of the Lord. And everybody made it back safely. Went on a a trip there with the young people and just had a tremendous time. We appreciate all you brothers and sisters that went and uh helped corral all those all those good kids that we they're just a blessing. Amen. Amen. Took three of us. Amen. Praise the Lord. We just had a good time. you know, didn't have a when you take a group of young people somewhere like that and even the the staff and the people around and they took brother Andrew's message to heart of being an influence and everywhere we went somebody bragged on them. So, I just thought I I felt honored to be able to be a pastor of them kind of kids and just everywhere we went it was that way and just had a wonderful time of fellowship and and so we just thank God to be able to have the ability to do that. Brother Andrew had didn't get all the way there Sunday morning. He said he was saving it up for Wednesday night. How many heard that? Well, the whole church. So, we're looking forward to it tonight. Amen. Just allow the Lord to have his way in in the service. Want to remember Samantha Farmer's grandmother, Carolyn Gan is in the hospital from a snake bite. Just ask the Lord to touch her this evening. If you have something in your heart or something you have need of tonight, won't you just lift your hand to the Lord? I know God knows what we have need of tonight. We just want to trust him. Let's just bow our heads together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how honored we are, Lord, just to serve you tonight and Lord, to be able to call oursel believers, Lord, it's just a privilege to be able to come and together in this place, Lord, and that we could just dedicate this time to you, to draw closer to you. And Lord, a church full of people, Lord, that have a zeal in their heart to do something for you. And Lord, we just ask you that you would come tonight, Lord. That you would meet every need, Lord. Every hand that's raised. And we would draw closer to you, Lord. That we would leave this place knew knowing that we had been in your presence. And Lord, we ask you to touch each one, heal everybody that's sick here tonight. May we go from this place well. And we'll give you the glory for all you do. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. You love the Lord. He's more than able. Amen. I want you just turn around and greet somebody tonight in the name of the Lord. And if you've already shook hands, just wave at them. And so we just just uh have an opportunity to come and hear the word of God. Amen. How many loves coming to church? Amen. How I said, how many loves coming to church? Amen. You must. Half of y'all drove five hours today, then turned around and came right back to church. Amen. God bless you tonight. I know some are tired in their body, but uh we just look for for God to move in a special way. Hey, I know brother Andrew uh drove all the way uh this way today as well and and just ask the Lord to give him strength and allow him just to deliver what's on his heart tonight for our good. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing uh let the worshippers arise. Oh, Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing by your side. Hold in your hand. Let your kingdom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. [Applause] Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Yes, I surrender to the king. [Music] Father, I hear it growing louder. The song of the redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song. We sing to our king. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. Yes, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Yes, my Lord. I surrender to the King. Oh father, I hear it growing louder. It's the song of your redeemed as the bride out of every nation is awakening to sing. How many sing it from their heart tonight? There sings an anthem. Hear the praises ring. This is our song. I sing to my king. Let the worippers arrive. Let the sons and the daughter sing. Oh yes. I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Amen. How many can give him a hand clap of praise? Amen. He is worthy to be praised here this evening. Amen. For his mercy and his goodness. And Amen. I tell you tonight, we've come to worship him. Amen. There's there's no one else deserving of worship outside of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He's the King of Kings. He's the Lord of Lords. He's He's the God and he's God alone. Amen. I want to say God bless you all tonight. It is a real honor to be in here in the house of God once again with you and we just pray uh everyone's had a good day and we thank the Lord as brother Matt said for safe travels back and amen I've got to uh correct a little something he said there I didn't drive back my wife did so I got to make sure Amen she gets the credit for that but uh amen we were working away but amen it is real honor to be here tonight be home with you and speaking to you tonight and sure was a wonderful time on the trip and amen I just thank the Lord for good godly ly fellowship, amen, where believers can get together and amen fellowship the Lord and fellowship with each other and enjoy the things of God and enjoy each other's fellowship. And we sure thank the Lord for a safe time and his hand upon every life. And as we come here tonight, I know there's many needs among us. I wonder how many say, "Lord, just speak to me tonight." Amen. I know he sees every hand and he knows every need. Let's just approach him tonight, shall we? Heavenly Father, Lord, as your believers have gathered here this afternoon on this Wednesday evening, Father, we've not gathered here out of former fashion, Lord. We've not gathered here just out of a tradition, Lord, or to, as it would be said, to fill a religious time clock and punch the time clock, Lord. But, Father, we've gathered here tonight because we're your believing children. And Lord, we believe the things that your word has spoken and been revealed to our hearts in this age. Now Lord, as we come here tonight, you know the needs, Father. Lord, if it would be sicknesses, oh God, if it would be, Lord, confusions, whatever the situations may be, Lord, we know that your word is still a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And Lord, we know your word is still a healer. It's still a deliverer, oh God. And Lord, as we're turning now our focus and attention to your word, we invite you to come among us tonight. Lord, may you be the speaker here tonight. May you speak through me, Father. Lord, may you hear through the believers here tonight. And I pray if there be any, Lord, one here tonight that don't know you in the power of your resurrection, I pray this would be the night, oh God, Lord, that they would break beyond the confusions and break beyond the unbelief, oh God, and they would step out of that realm of faith where all things are possible. Lord, if there be one here tonight, sick and body, I pray that as your word goes forth tonight, Lord, may your great anointed word, powerful word, may yet curse that sickness, oh God. And Lord, may you break the grip of that disease, Father, for those that are home, Lord, listening by way of the internet. I pray, Lord, that your angel would pass through their homes, oh God. And Lord, may you put the hand of sickness at stay, Father. Lord, may deliverance come into those bodies. I pray, Lord, may you open the windows of heaven tonight, God. And may you send anointing and inspiration into the building, Lord. And we surrender our hearts unto you tonight, God. Forgive us of our failures, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings. draw us closer unto thyself and we'll be sure to give thee all the praise, all the honor, and all the glory in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray and all the believers says, "Amen and amen." God bless you this evening. If you have your Bibles, we want to go into the word of the Lord to the book of Hebrews, the 11th chapter. The book of Hebrews, the 11th chapter. And then we're going to turn over to the book of James, the 2 chapter. Amen. Everybody love the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Hebrews chap 11 and verse number 31. We were speaking to you here uh Sunday morning under the influence of the token message. And I just want tonight to maybe take a little bit more of that if that'd be okay. In Hebrews chapter 11 and verse 31, Paul here writing now he's wrote about Moses and he's wrote about Enoch and he's wrote about Noah and Abraham. And it amazes me that there is a woman in this uh heroes of faith or this honor role in verse 31. It amazes me but it's just the grace of God. By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them. Notice here that believe not for when she had received the spies with peace. By faith the harlot Rahab perished not with them that believe not. when she had received the spies with peace. In the book of James the 2 chapter, James chapter 2 in verse number 24. Uh James here writing he says in verse 24, "Ye see then how that by works a man is justified and not by faith only. Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when she had received the messengers, and had sent them out another way. For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. Now, when you look there and break that down, faith is believing what the prophet said, but works is obeying what the prophet said. We ask the Lord this evening to bless the reading of his word. As you can have your seat here this afternoon, if I would uh take a title tonight, I want to speak to you on this Rahab the influencer. Rahab the influencer. And as I said on Sunday, we were speaking there on the under the influence of the toolken message in Exodus 12. uh just to just to lay a foundation here. Said, "I will pass through the land of Egypt this night and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast, and against all the gods of Egypt, I will execute judgment, for I am the Lord." But then I love what he speaks prophetically there. He says, "And the blood shall be to you for a token." Amen. Upon the houses where you are, and when I see the blood, I will pass over you. Isn't that powerful? When I see the blood, I will pass over you. And the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt. Now, when you look here at this word token, amen, just to refresh our memories, it's a signal. It's a sign. It's a distinguishing mark. It's a banner. It's a remembrance. It's a miraculous sign. It's a warning, a token, an in sign. It's a standard. It's a miracle. It's a proof. Now, amen. If we go back in Exodus 12, you will find that to Israel, amen, the literal blood of the of the lamb was the token that was to be applied. But the prophet of God says to us that the animal, amen, did not have a soul. So therefore, amen, the life could not come back up on the worshipper. But today, the church must have a token. He said, now what is the token? He said the token is the life that was in Christ. Amen. Is now on display in the believer. He said under this covenant there is a difference between the blood and the life. See, amen. The token for the believer today, amen, is the Holy Ghost. It's not a blood. It's not a chemistry, but it is the Holy Spirit of God. Amen. That is the token that God requires, amen, of the church today. Amen. God must see this token. Amen. He must see it in every one of us. Amen. Now, that's a that's bringing it way down, folks. said he can't just be seen in the prophet of the age. It can't just be seen in the pastor or in the ministry. But this token has got to be on display in every one of us. Now, as the prophet said, it's so beautiful. Amen. The token never come into existence. Amen. Until the evening time. He said, now this is the evening time of the age. It's the evening time for the church. He said, it's the evening time for me. Amen. It's the evening time of my message. I'm dying. I'm going out. I'm moving out. It's the evening time of the gospel. And we've come up through, amen, justification and so forth. Amen. But this is the time, amen, that the token has to be applied. He said, "Now, I told you last Sunday I had something I want to talk to you about." And he said, "This is it." See, amen. The time when you can't just play with it. Amen. It's got to be done. if it's ever going to be done. Amen. It's got to be done now because we can see the wrath is about ready to pass through the land. And everything from under that token, amen, will perish because the blood is what identifies you safe, amen, from the angel of death that's passing through the land. Now, I'll just say this. We ought to be able to raise our hands and say, "Thank God." Amen. We are underneath the influence, amen, of the token message. Thank God we're not just here saying I believe the message. Amen. But we're obeying the message or amen by coming into Christ. I I love what the prophet of God said. He said we're not come together to talk about the message. We are come together to get in the message and the message is Christ. Amen. He is the word. Amen. Amen. That's right. We're to get into it and we're to get beneath it. Now, amen. As I as I shared this with you on Sunday, I just want to say it again. Amen. An influencer, amen, is a person who is able, amen, to generate interest in something. So, amen, they have the ability, amen, to raise the interest of people, amen, into what they're trying to represent. And I love what the prophet of God said. He said, I'm trying to warn you or tell you that there's a token in this hour. And the token is our identification. He said, identific identification with our sacrifice. Amen. That the life of our savior. Amen. is in us which is the Holy Spirit. Oh, what a positive token. Amen. There cannot be any more token. If you could only catch the thought, if I had the power this morning with words, amen, to express and place it into your soul. Amen. That's on you. Amen. Not your ears, but your soul. Amen. Then you could see, Amen, the guarantee of it. Now, I'm not going to stop here and preach again, but it makes you relaxed. Amen. If the token ever comes into your soul, amen, it brings you underneath the influence of it and it makes you relax. Now, I love what the prophet said. He said the token was a sign, amen, of ownership, amen. In other words, who does this house belong to? Amen. Does it belong to Jehovah or does it belong to the gods of Egypt? Does it belong to God or does it belong to Leosa? And I can hear Joshua say, "Amen. As for me and my house, Amen. We're going to serve the Lord. And the prophet of God come along and said, "There's a reproach, amen, for the cause of the word." He said, "But here's my closing statement to you. As for me and my house, Amen. We're going to serve the word." Listen, we're not serving a denomination. We're not serving a creed. We're not serving a bunch of preachers. Amen. We're serving the word. Amen. Therefore, the token is laying over the body. It's laying over the soul. And he said, "See the token over there, which is the Holy Spirit, Amen, says it belongs to God." Well, you ought to tell that devil right now, I belong to God. Amen. Amen. My praise belongs to God. Amen. My body belongs to God. Amen. Everything I am belongs to God. If I've got anything, it all belongs to God. Amen. Because he's the one that died. He's the one that shed his blood. He's the one that gave me the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I don't belong to depression. I don't belong to condemnation. I don't belong to guilt. I don't belong to depression. I don't belong to nervousness. I belong to God. And the token is upon my soul as an identification. I belong to him. See, when I see the token, I'll pass over you. Amen. What is it? It's a positive token. Amen. The Holy Spirit is our token. He said, "Therefore, when you receive the Holy Ghost, you have passed, amen, from death to life." How many's got the Holy Ghost? Amen. If you got the Holy Ghost, you have passed, Amen, from death into life. Amen. And you can no more perish. Now, let me just say what a prophet said. He said, "The Bible said, "He that's born of God, Amen, does not commit sin." I know the legalist hate this, but let's just go ahead and preach. We drove all the way over here. Amen. Does not commit sin for he cannot sin for the seed of God remains in him. Now, how can he sin when the sinless God is in him? When he is in a sinless God, then how can he sin? No matter what he's done, the blood has covered him. See, he's a new creature. His desires and ambitions is of heaven because he has changed. Amen. From a cocka bird to a wheat. His desires ain't the same as they was. Amen. Now watch this. And he displays it. You say, "Oh, I believe that." And you're still sinning. Brother said, "No, you never received." Amen. You're deceived. Amen. See, it cannot display nothing. Amen. But the token. Amen. I'll say this. If the token was not on display, it didn't matter how much they knew the covenant. Amen. the covenant was a null as long as the token was not on display. He said there might have been many of Jews could say, "Come here. I ain't got no blood on my door, but I want to show you something. I'm a Jew circumcised." That didn't mean that much with God. He say, "Well, I'm a Baptist. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a Methodist or whatever you want to be." Amen. But when I see the toolken, you say, "Well, I'm a believer and my mother was a member of this church and my daddy was a member of this church and I've been a member there since I was a child." He said, "That don't mean that. I don't lie. I don't steal. I don't do this." He snaps his finger again and said, "That don't mean this." He said, "I belong to the Brandom Tabernacle." Amen. I do this, that, or the other. Amen. I believe all the word. The Jews could say, "I believe Jehovah." He'd have listened to the message of the hour if he did. Amen. They had a lot of messages. Amen. But this was the message of the hour. Let me just take a moment and say something to you. This is not just another religion. This message is not just a better idea. It's not a book on the shelf. It's not a picture down at grandma's house. Hey, but this message is the message of the hour. He said, "And if you believe the message of the hour, then the blood will be applied to your house in the evening time." Now, Exodus chapter 12, I'll say this. That was more Amen. than a spiritual happening. Amen. Because every or a natural happening because every spiritual happening is a sign from God. Reb said it very beautifully. I just want to read this to you. He said, "We're not here by accident. These things just don't happen by accident. It's a sign to get to safety quickly." He said, "Everything, the message of the hour is a sign." He said, "No other time could this type of message ever happen. It could not have come in Luther's day. It could not have come in Wesley's day. It couldn't even come in Pentecostal day." Amen. There had been no such thing happened. Yet, we was promised in the Bible. Amen. See, we're at the end. Nothing could happen until this time. He said, "Oh, little people, my brother, my sister, get under the token quickly." See? Amen. And don't you take no substitute. Amen. Don't don't don't don't do that. See? Amen. Don't just imagine it. Amen. But you stay there until you know that the token is applied. Until your whole mind, Amen. that was in Christ. Amen. Be in you. Until all the nonsense of the world is gone, until the whole heart's desire is to see him, then you know something has happened. Amen. Because these signs, amen, shall follow them that believe. Amen. Not make believers but believers. So we don't want to take any chance. Amen. You must apply the token. I want to say this what the prophet said. He said what does the token mean? He said the token means assurance. Hey, and the token means assurance. Amen. First his prophet with the message. He identified himself. Amen. With a pillar of fire with his prophets. Amen. Then he sent a token to get under this blood that he had accepted the substitute. Amen. Death in your place. Then the blood was a token that he looked and you had heard the message. You had believed on the pillar of fire and you had accepted the substitutionary. He said, "Listen, what a perfect thing it is. You are under the blood." Now, all the way back in Israel's day when he seen the blood over the door, it was an assurance that the people who are under this house are not under anything else but the blood. But a prophet said, "But now, amen, you are under the spirit." Then you was under the blood. Amen. But now you were under the spirit. He said, "Under the Holy Spirit." You believe the message of the day. You see, you believe the power. You believe the pillar of fire? You believe that? See, now I want you to catch something. It was not the doing away of the blood. It was the life that was in the blood. Amen. An animal life could not come back upon any of us. Amen. But if the literal blood sale of almighty God, amen, that was broke for this generation would ever return upon the church. It would not bring a fear. It would not bring a scare. It would not bring condemnation. But the only thing that can remove the condemnation is the token. Oh church, Egypt, amen, was a type of the church. Amen. But Israel was a type of the bride. And I love what the prophet said. He said, "Remember, there was a lot of them come by them." Amen. He said, "You get under that token and you stay under it." Amen. There was a lot of them come by them women that night and said, "Hey, Gertie. Hey, Lily. Some of you come on out here." Amen. We're going to a party. She said, "Uh-uh. I'm under the blood. I'm under the token to stay here. He said, see, we've been keeping the lamb. Amen. But believers should now come underneath the blood of that lamb. He said, believers should separate themselves from the world. Amen. Don't just take it now lightly. Amen. Amen. Don't just take it now lightly. Amen. Listen. Don't Can I Can I say this to you? Don't take the message lightly. Amen. Don't take the message lightly. He only recognizes the token. He said, "That's the message of the hour. That's the message of this day. That's the message of this time." Hear a prophet now. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Receive it. See? Amen. Not a substitute. Amen. Something the devil can place over on you like a phony love. Oh no. He said that's not real love. Amen. That's the devil and that's his works. He said, "But you stay there." Amen. Till God becomes your joy. He said, "God is your strength." Now listen folks, knowing the message, Amen. Knowing the truth, Amen. That's our sufficiency. Now, he is my all sufficiency in him. All things I have, Amen. need of is in him. Amen. That's our strength. He said, "My help cometh from the Lord." Amen. That's what David said, didn't he? He said, "My help, Amen, cometh from the Lord." He said, "You Christians, look to him for your joy. Look to him for your strength. Look to him for your happiness. Look to him for your peace. He is my joy. He is my love. He is my life." He said, "That's a covenant." Amen. The token upon the door. Amen. The token upon the door. Now, I want to say this to you. Amen. the whole family. Amen. Must be brought underneath the token. In Joshua chapter 2, you can read it there. And if you get time in Joshua 2, Joshua 5, and Joshua 6, you can read the whole account, amen, of this woman named Rahab. But in Hebrews 11:31, Paul picks it up and he says, "By faith," Amen. Which faith is revelation, right? By revelation, Amen. the harlot Rahab. Amen. She perished not with them that believe not when she had received. Amen. The spies with peace. Now, I love how Brother Bam describes this. He says, "We're all acquainted with the story of Rahab the harlot." He said, "Now, let's picture her this morning." Amen. For a few minutes now, as a young lady, a beautiful young woman whose misfortune in life, amen, she had been forced in. He said, "Now being a pagan and had been forced into the life that she was living," he says, "And many times, amen, people are forced into the life that they live." Now, I want to say this, uh, for some reason, even though we know the powerful things that God done for Rahab, and we know how God used her, for some reason, we still automatically say Rahab the harlot. Amen. But I want to change that tonight. And I want to call Rahab, the believing Gentile, the influencer. Is that okay? Amen. Rahab, the believing Gentile, the believing influencer. Brother Bram said it in the token. He said she was a believer. He said, now all her family had to get underneath that scarlet streak, amen, which was the token. He said, now they had heard, amen, of the wrath of God. They had heard of the displaying signs and the miracles of God among his people and they had to receive it. He said, "Now, she had to receive it." Amen. Because God, amen, destroying angel was coming through and they knew it. And Joshua was that angel. Now listen. And they were right in line. Amen. And Joshua's path of destruction. Amen. So is every nation in the world. Amen. In the line of God's judgment. He said, "But this little old harlot." Amen. Amen. She had heard and he said, "Faith cometh by hearing." Amen. And hearing by the word of God. He said, "Now all," now notice what Rahab said. She said, "All the country is disturbed by Joshua." Amen. That's right. Re said, "See, but Rahab wanted to live." Amen. Amen. Rahab didn't want to die. Amen. Rahab didn't want to perish. Amen. Rahab wanted to live. Re said it very beautiful. He said Jericho, which is a type of denomination, had heard what God was doing. Amen. But they did not take warning. He said, of his great power and his great signs that had been displayed. Amen. What he done. Amen. He crossed right through the Red Sea. Right. As if it was on dry land. And he caused and created things. He made frogs and he made lice and he made fleas. Amen. Come in the air. Now, how did he do this? He created them by his word. Amen. Through his prophets. That's a powerful point. Amen. God created things. Amen. By his word. Amen. Through his prophets. Well, you remember that by his word. But it was through his prophets. They knew it. And Rahab said, "I have heard of that. I don't want to perish with these unbelievers." No, sir. Amen. So, what did these messengers do? They made a way of escape. Amen. For her to escape the judgment and the wrath that was on its way. I can't help but say it like this. Brother David Paul that predestination made a way of escape for a harlot by the name of Rahab. Amen. Listen. Them messengers come in there. Brother said, "What happened?" He said, "They were all shut up." He said, "But there must have been some tape boys." Hell, hallelujah. Hey, there must have been some tape boys. Amen. That slipped in there. Amen. Somewhere. Now, why did those tape boys come in there? They came in there for the predestinated seed. They slipped over to her house and they played some tapes. Now, listen. And she made her own house a church to receive the message. Rahab, a harlot with a predestinated seed. Hallelujah. with a predestinated seed on the inside of her heart. She made her house a church to receive the message. Now, Amen. That's a Amen. Amen. That's a That's a beautiful thing laying there. Amen. That's a beautiful revelation that there was a predestinated seed that made her house a place to receive the message when there were no other churches. Amen. I know the devil got a hold of that and the devil's taken a whole move around our message and everybody just stay home and play a tape because remember, Amen. Rahab played a tape cuz there was no other churches. You're exactly right. Amen. But now the devil has misinterpreted that and we got people sitting at home. Amen. playing tapes and calling their living room a house church when there's five churches within 30 minutes of them and they ain't even got the guts cuz they're underneath a lazy spirit to get up out of bed and go in the house of God. I'll tell you what that is. That's a layout of sin, lukewarm devil and it's crawled up out of the pits of hell and it has disguised itself behind the greatest message that ever hit the face of the earth. But if I am a man and this is a church, I know what William Brandham taught. He said, "Every time the doors are open, you can't wait for them doors to get open so you can get in there." Come on. You can get in there and you can fellowship and you can worship God. Now, now I know I know a lot of people they leave a very important part of that quote out. And I want to put it in there. Okay, can I do that? He said, "If God is in your heart, if God is in your heart, you can't wait for them church doors to open to get inside there and fellowship with your brothers and your sisters." Well, we've just fixed a big problem. God ain't in their hearts. Therefore, they can wait. But if God is in your heart, you can't wait for Wednesday night. You can't wait for Sunday morning. You can't wait for a good old-fashioned meeting where the power of God has fallen and the pillar of fire is moving. You know why? Because you're a believing Gentile that had a predestinated seed on the inside of your heart. Hallelujah. He said they they they shut everything up. He said, "But the message got to the predestinated seed anyhow." He said, "We don't know how it got there, but it got there so that the just will not perish with the unjust." He said, "And God is seen to that today." Any anybody, he says, that knows anything about Rahab the harlot knows she was predestinated. Amen. Brother said, "Sure, she was." Yeah. And she perished not with them who believe not. Now, can I just say what a prophet said, he said she believed the message of the hour. Now listen, Rahab and God give her a sign by those messengers. Now, Brother Brian, I've I've often got to thinking and studying this. Has it ever has it ever dawned on you that Joshua's messengers did not bring the scarlet cord? Come on. They did not carry, Amen, the scarlet cord over to Rahab's house and give her the scarlet cord and say, "Here's you a token." But when they got in Rahab's house, the scarlet cord was already there. Amen. Can y'all can y'all fellowship with me for a second? Amen. How many spring cleanings had they had in that house and thought, "We need to get rid of that." But there was something would not let them throw that good old-fashioned Holy Ghost gospel away because they knew there was a day coming when God was going to birth a church beyond the Pentecostal age into an adoption age. Come on, folks. Brother Brandham stood on the platform and he said, "This is my message. It's an adoption message. You've got the Holy Ghost. You're shouting and speaking in tongues, but you can't even get the makeup off your face and you can't even kick the high heels out. Come on. That's what a prophet did. He separated Pentecostal age from the bride age and said Pentecost had the Holy Ghost, but they didn't have no headship. Come on. They didn't have no headship of the Holy Ghost. Remember Abraham had that vision or that dream there and he said, "There I was." And he said, "I saw that Pentecostal woman and she was walking up the road in them high heel shoes and she turned around and she said, "I'm just fine." He said, "You can't walk this road in a pair of high heel shoes." And you know what he said? He said, "I saw her and she fell off the deep end." Come on, folks. No doubt that woman had shouted. No doubt she had spoken tongues. No doubt she had seen visions and probably prophesied. But when it come to the headship of the word, she could not bring herself underneath an obedience of a word. But I say unto you, great tabernacle, we ought to be a church that no matter what a prophet says, no matter how hard it is, no matter how hot it is, no matter how unpoper it is, if a prophet said it, I pray God give us some believers who will believe it and will stand with it and will do it. If it shuts the hide off of them, they'll say, "I refuse, hey, to become unidentifiedly out of sin. I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God, and I am underneath the token. Hallelujah. Rahab. Hallelujah. Re said they went in there and they said, "Now, Rahab, here's what Joshua said." Joshua said, "If you'll take that scarlet cord." All right. Come on, folks. Underneath Rahab's ideas, it was just a scarlet cord over in the corner. But underneath a prophet's word, underneath a prophet's word, it became a lifeline. Yes. Now, now you all know brother said them spies went over there and they said Rahab, they said take this scarlet cord and just hang it out the window. Brother said the same thing they escaped by was the same thing that saved Rahab. Abraham said, "I can see them spies as they start climbing down. I can see Rahab go over there and say, are you sure? Is this a guarantee? Are you sure? Bam said this. He said, "Rahab, every predestinated seed in here." Now listen, you get out there and go to hunting them. Amen. Church, that's powerful. He said, "You get out there and go to hunting them. Get your daddy. Get your mother. For we've just come out under that atonement down in Egypt and everything that we didn't have under the toolken parish. Rahab, I'm giving you a sign. It's a token. And I say in the name of the Lord as to say, if you will put that, I'm acquainted with the messenger. I'm acquainted with the angel of wrath, Joshua. He is God's destroying messenger. I'm acquainted with him. And he knows that there has to be a token sign. And you hang it out there. and I'll assure you you hang it out there and I'll take the oath. Now the same oath is today said I will not let you perish with them who doesn't believe the message. See she had heard the works that had been done and she believed in her father and her mother. Now listen and these fellas went in there these messengers and they caught that predestinated seed that believed. He said, "Now she used her house to receive the messengers." I want to say this. Everything that was under the token was safe when Joshua came to battle. Brother said, "When God's wrath destroyed that big city," Amen. That token signed, it held her home safely. Glory to God. Brother Ed, I love how he says it. He said, "What happened?" He said, "God himself recognized his messengergers's message." Woo! Glory to God. You say, "Well, we believe the message, but so does God." When the angel come through when the angel come through Jericho and the entire city was going to be demolished and be put down to ruins. There was one little church on the side of the road. There was one little group of people on the side of the road that had a scarlet cord. Hallelujah. He said when all the rest of the city shut down, he said there stood Rahab's scarlet token over the door and the rest of them was gone. He said, now listen, many people think today because I belong to the church, I'm safely secure. He said, don't you believe such nonsense when the blood shall be a token to you. Now, I love this because Rahab, remember Isaiah 6, there were two uh there were there were twain he did fly. Twain he covered his face. Twain he covered his feet. And with Twain, he did fly. Can I say it like this? Rahab covered her face in reverence. Rahab covered her feet in humility. But she didn't stop there. The prophet of God said, "A gentile, are y'all hearing me? a harlot, a street walker. But she heard and believed and she applied the token. No matter how stooped you are in sin or what you have done, that doesn't have one thing to do with it. You apply the token. It's for you. If you're feeling in your heart and there's something tugging, it's for you. He said, "So just go ahead and apply the token." You say, "Brother Andrew, I've made too many mistakes and I've made too many blunders and and I've fallen short of the glory of God." Amen. Too many times. Amen. Can I say something to you tonight? Amen. Apply the token. Don't back off of these homie. Apply the token. And if you'll apply the token, it don't matter how far you've gone. It don't matter if you've been in the pits of hell. It don't matter if you've been in the desert or you've hid out in the mountains. If your name is on the lamb's book of life, there ain't a sin bad enough. There ain't a thing you can do hard enough or worse enough to remove your representation as an influencer underneath the token message. Amen. Somebody say, "Well, Amen. I just don't think I got much influence." Amen. Try telling the woman at the well that. Come on. tried telling the woman at the well that she didn't have much influence. Just a few minutes before she met the Messiah, there wasn't a kid would listen to her. There wasn't a man would listen to her. Come on, church. There was nobody would listen to her. You know what happened? The prophet of God said when she met the Messiah, she come underneath the message of her hour and she ran into the city. She ran into the city and said, "Come see a man who told me all things I ever done." I love what the prophet of God said. He said, "Listen, when Rahab obeyed the orders, there was a woman we found." Now, listen what they said. And when Joshua stood there, now here it is. Rahab's come underneath the message. She's underneath a token. Her family's underneath it. Rahab didn't get lazy, folks. When the token come, Leah Rahab got relaxed. But she didn't get lazy. What she done was she went and got her mama. Come on, mama. She went and got her daddy. Come on, daddy. She went and got her brothers and her sisters because Rahab was operating underneath a promise that whatever I get underneath this token will be spared in the hour of destruction. Oh church of the living God, I say that ought to put every one of us in this building into action tonight. Amen. Get up off of our ass heaps. Get up off of our penny parties. get up off of our this that and the other and go get our mothers and go get our brothers and go get our fathers and go get our sisters. The Lord is coming. There's a body change coming. Hallelujah. The the world is falling apart. Listen, folks. Israel is in war right now. At any minute, this thing could be over. I say get up off the ash heap, Job. I say get up off the penny party. Come on. I'm going to preach and you can sit there and look at me if you want to. It's time to get over it and get back in fellowship with the angel of the Lord. This thing can be over in the morning, folks. We're so wed up about this and wed up about that and this happened on the job. This happened in the house. This happened with the family. I say forget it all and come back underneath the influence of the message of the hour. Hallelujah. Re said, "Oh, there they were." He said, "On that morning, here come Joshua." Here come Joshua. They come marching in. Amen. Destruction was at hand. Now, can I show y'all something? And Rahab and her family and all her possession. Oh, God. Now, I'll just I'll just get it out there because I picked it up. All her possession Yes, sir. was underneath there. But there was one thing that mattered to her more, and that was her family. She didn't care about the possession. She didn't care about anything. She cared about her family. Can I say this? I think it's time, Amen, to remember that we're human and it's human to be offended, but it's divine to forgive. And sometimes if we're going to have influence with our families and with our loved ones, it's going to take a humility and an apology. Amen. And I was sorry. I was wrong. Forgive me. Now, come on, folks. Rahab was a harlot and she got her family underneath the token. [Applause] She was a harlot and she got her family by her influence. God, whatever was in that token had enough power to change everything about her that she was able to run to her mama. She was able to run to her daddy. She was able to run through the streets and she was able to generate an interest. She was able to generate an interest in their hearts to say, "Rahab, whatever you're under, I want to get under it, too." Hallelujah. And when they all, brother, when they all got underneath this token, now can I just say it? They weren't lazy. Brother Ram said, "Here come the battle." He said, "But what Rahab and his her family did was they just stood there. They didn't have to look out the window. Are y'all with me? The token is a guarantee. The token is an assurance. Are you hearing me? The token. Amen. The token is an identification that the angel of death cannot come nigh whatever is underneath that token. Brother said they didn't get up and go over there and say, "Is the token still there?" But the prophet of God said while the battle was going on, he said Rahab and her family were sitting together reading the scriptures. While the battle sister Nisha, while the battle was going on, while the houses were coming down, while lives were being killed, while kings were falling, while everything was going on around them, they weren't over there looking out the window and checking the news and trying to figure this out, trying to figure that out. They were in there and they were reading the scriptures. You know what the prophet said? He said, "Them Israelites once settled there." He said, "Now listen, what if they would have got to studying and said, 'Well, I'm not worthy." Amen. What else do I have to do? Now, can I can I can I drop something to you? It's important what you study. Amen. It's important what you study cuz there's things you can study that'll get you to check in who you are. Amen. Because they're anointed from the pits of hell to do so. Come on. Y'all get mad at him if you want to, but I've gotten after before, so I'll take it again. Psychology is good in the doctor's office, but it don't belong in a pull pit. Cuz you start studying that nonsense. And before long, our boys will be questioned if they're boys. And our girls will be questioned if they're girls. I say there's only one thing that belongs before a preacher's eyes when he's studying to preach a sermon, and it's called the message of the hour. There's only one thing that belongs in our homes. It's called the message of the hour. There's only one thing that belongs in this pullpit and it's called the message of the hour. I said it to you Sunday. I'll say it again. I was confused until I heard the tapes. Oh, but when I heard the tapes, it broke the spirit of confusion off of my life because a prophet said, he said, "This Bible is the only thing that can tell you where you come from." Can tell you where you're at, and can tell you where you're going. Hallelujah. He said, "You don't have to do nothing. The only thing is to come under that shed blood once under the blood and you're safe." He said, "Now, what if the death angel with his sword in his hands and he was sweeping through the land, you didn't have to wonder and to now, can I say what a prophet said?" And to be scared was an insult to Jehovah. If a man once under the blood feels afraid that God will not keep his word, it's an insult to Jehovah. You say, "Well, Jehovah, perhaps this is your word, but I don't know whether it's right or not." Brother says, "Oh, shame on you." I say, "Lord, help us." Well, I once under the blood. I'm the Lord that health thee. That's all. Don't insult Jehovah. He said, "He that cometh unto me, I will in no wise cast out. I believe it." He said, "When you once come under the blood, you take his word for anything he says." Can I say what a prophet said? He said, "The greatest plague in the Christian church today is fear." He said, "The reason they're afraid is because they're not taught right and they're not settled right on the gospel." Now, I just want to get this out there and I want to make it very bold and very strong that fear is of the devil and fear is from the devil. Fear is of the devil and fear is from the devil. And I stand here tonight under a commission of almighty God to preach the word of God. And I rebuke every spirit of fear. I rebuke every spirit of nervousness. I rebuke every spirit of condemnation. If fear is upon you, if it's upon your house, if it's upon your wife, if it's upon your babies, it did not come from the token. It come from the devil. But God has got some messengers in the last days who will stand upon the earth and will declare the word of God without fear, without favor, or without compromise. Because this is not a fearful message. It's a message of rest. It's a message of faith. It's a message of peace. Hallelujah. I'll tell you what the Bible said. The Bible said, "God hath not given us the spirit of fear." He didn't give you the spirit of fear. He gave you the spirit of power and of love and of a sound mind. And if you've got anything less than that, you've got something the devil give you. But tonight's a good night to give it back. Tonight's a good night to hand the devil back his fear. Come on. I know what I'm talking about. That old demon of fear goes to creeping around homes and it gets on our little mamas and they start thinking they don't know how to raise their babies and they're wonderful. They're they're horrible mothers and they're going to fall apart and their babies are not going to make anything. Now, I got to preach to you for a second. Amen. Cuz I tell you what generates a lot of that nonsense is a bunch of Can I preach? Is a bunch of Come on, preacher. Okay, is a bunch of Pinterest. Come on now. And a bunch of psychologists have come up with good ways to raise our families. And it's not what a prophet said. But I'll tell you a way to rip that devil is turn on these tapes and break open that Bible and let the prophetic utterance of the seventh angel create an atmosphere. Come on. I tell you what the prophet said. He said he said the the token creates an atmosphere. Come on. Come on. Amen. It's an age where everybody's comparing everybody with everybody and everybody did this and and this one went here, so we got to go here and we Oh, God. I'm going to get in trouble. But it's an age of comparing ourselves with everybody else. And well, this family did this and and this family did that. I'll just I'll just say it cuz I'm just preaching. I'll just get it out there. Amen. Amen. I remember one time there was a family, man, they they put everything up. I mean, brand new car, brand new house, brand new shoes, brand new bubble gum, brand new this, brand new that. I mean, everything brand new. Look what we did. Look what we got. Look where we've been. Taking our kid here, taking our kid there. And somebody told me one day, they said, "Brother Andrew," they say, "we're working so hard and striving just to be like that family because they got it all together." And I thought to myself, if you only knew what I knew about the behind the scenes of that family and that situation, I can say to you, church, things are not always the way they appear. People can put things on Facebook that look like they're all together, and in reality, they're falling apart. That's why I say to you, Rahab, forget what they're doing on Facebook. Forget what they're posting on Instagram. God gave you them babies, mama. God gave you that home. Daddy, put the token over that home and let the token be the source of influence. If we got to walk to church, if we don't have the finest clothes and we don't have the best of car and we don't have all the money in the bank, but if we got Jesus in our soul, if we got the Holy Ghost moving in our babies, if we got enough money to feed our faces, if we got enough Hallelujah, if the bills are paid, God's been good to us. Hallelujah. I'm not under society. I'm not under Leyon. [Applause] I'm under the token and the only thing that matters is what influences this token having now. Somebody say, "Well, you better be careful." I tell you, we get back to judging things by the word and not social media. You said, "Brother, we got to all get rid of it." You ain't all got to get rid of it. But I'll tell you what, the day before the day comes that I judge my friendships and relationships and lives based on social media, I'll throw it all away. We got a token, folks. And it's the only thing that matters. Look what John said. He said, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear." You know why perfect love cast out fear? Because fear hath torment and he that fearth is not made perfect in love. Can I just say what a prophet said? He said when you stand under the divine promise of God. There is no fear in God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. When you stand under the standards of social media and you stand under the standards of what everybody else is doing on your job, there's all kinds of fear. But when you stand underneath a divine promise of God, you can stand there like David and say, "I once was young, but now I'm old." But these eyes have never seen the righteous forsaken, and they've never seen his seed begging for bread. Brother said, "I say anybody that's in Christ Jesus has no condemnation and they have no fear." I know the devil don't want me to read this, but I'm going to read it or I'm going to bust. He said, "The devil hates me and I know he hates you, too, and he's my enemy, but as long as God's my friend, I don't have no fear of that devil. I know the devil hates me." And Sister Shakina, I know the devil hates you, but as long as we're the friend of God, I have no fear of that devil. I'll stand under the promise of God's word and drive every one of those devils back to the hell they come out of. Yes, sir. He said, you just drive him right on back and take the word of God and move him right on back out of the place. Can I say it? move him out of the place that he thinks he's holding. In reality, that devil don't hold the place that he thinks he's holding. He said, "No, sir. He's got no strongholds. He's absolutely legally defeated in every place. The devil hasn't got one legal right at all. Nowhere. He's just a devil. Can I say it? And a password. I got to think about that today. Cuz the most common thing about passwords is you know what? You forget them. Come on. You forget them. Oh, I'm going to make this one where I remember it. I ain't ever going to forget it. And you're over there at Silver Dollar City trying to open up the app and you were going to remember. See, the most common thing about passwords is they are forgotten. Brother Re said that devil is nothing but a password. He hasn't got no legal right to any man that's a that has a promise of Jesus Christ. He said that devil is whipped. Yes, sir. He's whipped in sickness. He's whipped in disappointments. He's whipped in everything. He's whipped in death. He can't scare me and he can't scare you. That's all he is. Is a big old shadow. Come on, folks. Faith knows no fear. Brother said, "Remember, he said there was that man having the dream and he said, "Here come the devil and the devil come to him that night and the devil said boo." The devil said, "Boo!" And the man got smaller and the devil got bigger. And the devil said boo. And the man got smaller and the devil got bigger until that devil backed that man plum into a corner somewhere and he said, "Listen, I got to do something." So, you know what he done? He reached over and got a hold of the Bible. And brother Ezekiel, when he got a hold of that Bible, he looked that devil in the face and all he said was, "Boo." Hallelujah. All he said was, "Boo." And brother Ben, the devil got smaller and the man got bigger. Brother Re said he kept saying boo until he backed that devil all the way back. until he backed that devil all the way back into the hell that he crawled up out of. Well, that devil's come in in places and he thanks the devil thinks he can hold you in these areas. But I say tonight, no sir, we are not Rahab the harlot. We are Rahab the believer. We are Rahab the influencer. Now, now I just got to say this because here's where the battle comes. Rahab, she come underneath the influence of the token message. Let me say this to you. She did not tamper with it. She did not question it. She believed it. Kind of like the jailer in Acts chapter 16 when Paul said, "Don't hurt yourself." And he said, "Sers, what must I do to be saved?" And they said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thy house shall be saved. Believe." Believe. What else have we got to do? Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved and thy house. He said, "Now, most of you people here, most of your children are saved." See, they're Christian. But I said to Brother Fred, his kids, why? They can just hear me say one thing that's wrong and they're ready to stop it right now. You see, he's speaking here in the house and set with the highest respect instead of being out hot rod and rambling around. He said, 'Now, I know, now I I just I just got to say what a prophet said. He said, 'Now, I know we all want to think our kids as renegades and things like that. Can I say what he said? But we must stop that. He said, I believe we must remember that these kids are the best kids in the world because they're our children and we claim them for God. He said, "Now I don't believe that my salvation will save them." No, but my faith in God will do it. You see, my faith believing God will do it and will cause them to come to Christ. Now, I just say this because I found it very powerful. He said, "Now, always remember, thy and thy house shall be saved." And if you don't see them all saved before you leave the earth, he said, "Don't worry. They'll be there." Hallelujah. When the great coming, they'll be there. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm still talking about Rahab, the influencer. I'm still talking about Rahab, who come underneath the influence of the token message and got all her family under it. And the prophet says, "Here's what you want to believe for. You want your own safety. You believe for your own safety. And when you've done that, then apply the token for the whole family. You say, "How can I do that?" Are you ready? Claim it. Yes, sir. If it worked on you, then you and the word becomes one. It works for the both of you. You and the word are one. Then apply it to your children. apply it to your loved ones like Rahab did. She applied the token to her father. She applied it to her mother. She applied it to her brothers and sisters. And she got them all in. He said, "You applied and say,"Lord, I'm going after my son." Hallelujah. I'm going after my daughter. I claim her. Satan, you turn her loose. I'm coming after them. I apply my token. the Holy Spirit that lives within me. Catch my daughter there. I'm going to her now with your anointing upon me. He'll do it. You say, "Brother Andrew, I've raised my children under the influence of this message. They grew up there in the tapes. They grew up around the message and they've strayed from it. But I'll tell you what Proverbs 22:6 says, "Train up a child in the way he should go. And when he is old, he will not depart from it." You say, "What are you saying?" But said, "There may be some times that he may depart from it." Are you ready for this? But it won't depart. Amen. From him. You say, "What are you saying?" I'm saying, "Play those tapes." You're not wasting your time. Those tapes are not the token. But the token is on those tapes. And if you'll come under the influence of those tapes, you say, "Why are you saying this?" Because God is still with this message. I ain't got much voice left, but I'm left. But I'm going to get out there. God is still with this message. Brother Brandham said, "The angel of the Lord accompanies the message always." I got a question for you, Grace Tabernacle. When is one time that God is not with this message? Come on. I'm ready for an answer. Can I give you the answer? Never. He's always with this message. You say, "Preacher, it was preached years ago in a foreign land or in a far offdistant state." Can I say this? God is still with this message. Brother said the other day, he said they went over there and they played some of these tapes down in Jamaica. He said they played them seven seal tapes. He said while they were playing them, he said all of a sudden the pillar of fire come through. Come on, church. The seals was preached in March of 1963. In July of 1963, B said they were playing those tapes and the pillar of fire come right in the room and settled down over the top of that tape player to vindicate that this is the token message. Now, I just want to say this to you. The supernatural influence of this message is always present. Brother Bram said, "Listen, God is always present." He said, "This is not this is not imagination." I I want to I want to I want to just say this to you. This is not imagination. He said, "It is time to come back under the influence of the supernatural." He said, "Now listen, he was took off the tree, but sinners and lukewarm church members become dry sticks with some kind of a memory that sometime there was a supernatural God of the past that had life." And way back there, he said, "But if you believe and will lay in his presence, it'll produce the same thing to you." What are you saying, brother Andrew? Why are you saying put the tapes back in our home and open the Bibles? Because the token creates an atmosphere. Now remember said get ready. Apply it. Believe it. Clean up. Let your children. Let your family. Let your loved ones see it in you. That's right. He says it will take effect. He said apply the token with such love believing in confidence. It's going to help. He said and when we're born of the spirit of God, now I want you to hear this, okay? God isn't weak in one place and strong in another. So God wasn't strong in Rahab and weak in you. He said because if you got a little shadow of God in you, just the littlest speck of God, then you got all power, you got enough power in you to make a world and go out there and live on it. He said, "Now apply it and create the atmosphere around you. Come on, Rahab. Go get your mama. Go get your daddy. Go get your brothers. Go get your sisters. Go get all you can underneath this token." Lord, they they ain't gonna listen to me. He said, "That's okay. apply the token and create an atmosphere around you and they'll just drop, brother Brian. They'll just drop right into it. See? Oh, if you got the token, you create a spirit around you of power when you walk that people know you're a Christian and they love for you to say something to them. They believe your word. Amen. Listen, he said, "And when you talk to that child, when you talk to your husband, when you talk to your wife, when you talk to your loved one, believe that it's going to help." And just stand there and say, "Lord, I've claimed them. They're mine. I'm getting them for you, Lord." Hallelujah. Apply the token. Now, here's where I want to close. He said, "Apply the token, then walk with it. Claim your household. This is evening time now. He says, "You've been listening a long time." Amen. Now this is the evening time. Can I say it? It's applying time. Hallelujah. The wrath will strike, but apply the token with confidence. Apply the token with confidence. I I just want to I just want to just just I don't have time to read it to you. I'm just going to read it. Just preach it to you real quick. Paul says this. He says, "When this revelation comes, it's the mystery of God that's been hid from the foundation of the world." He said, "Or since the world began," he said, "but is now made manifest by the scriptures of the prophets according to the commandment of the everlasting God." Now listen, and this revelation is made known to all nations for the obedience of faith. I got to looking at this word obedience and that word obedience means submission. Brother B said this. He said life only comes through obedience to Christ. He said now full obedience to the whole word of God entitles you to the token. Now I'm just going to I'm not going to try to preach to I'm just going to share it with you. Okay? It's always stood out to me how that Paul says these words, obedience to the faith. I got to reading this today and brother Ram said this. If we are in perfect submission to the Holy Spirit, he said God would lead us by the Holy Spirit. He said, "Now what the Holy Spirit was then, it is now. And what the Holy Spirit did to that church, it does to this church. And as this church will be just as submissive to it. Come on. As that church was, it'll bring it just the same results. If this church will be just as submission to it as that church was, it'll bring the same results. Can I Can I just Can I just show this to you? If this Rahab will be just as submissive to the token, as that Rahab was, it'll bring the same results. Prophet of God said this when he speaks of Rahab, he said, "Now we find out through this great romance and great obedience to faith that the harlot Rahab gave birth and she married a man named Salmon." And his the son they gave birth to was Boaz. Now listen. He said, "We're all acquainted with that story." He said, "And she became the great great great great great grandmother of our Lord Jesus Christ." Now, folks, I don't I don't want to I don't want to make nobody mad. I just got to say it. Rahab was a powerful woman. Amen. Yes, sir. She went from a harlot, from a street walker, from a from a woman of ill fame and horrible reputation. She went from that condition to being one of the greatest influencers. Hallelujah. That saved her entire family. Brought her whole family underneath the headship of the token. Got them all saved. Her Are y'all seeing the picture? Her house was spared when Jericho fell. What a testimony this woman had. Can I go a step further? And then she married Shamon. Can I say it? And she no longer tried to lead. I'm closing. She no longer tried to lead. The submission had now come underneath headship to an Israelite soldier. And she now is the great great great grandmother. What are you saying, preacher? I'm saying when you come under this message, you have no fault coming. When you come underneath the influence of this token, now listen. I know. I know it's an age where where men don't lead no more and the society says women leads but that's contrary to God's word. Rahab the harlot street walker the illfame woman come underneath the influence of the token and was spared herself and become the influencer of the token of her hour. Won't you stand on your feet with us tonight? Rahab the influencer. No fear, no condemnation. She just stood there. No guilt. Come on, church. Noah shameless. She come into her position. Amen. She came into her position and she stood there as an influencer with the token. Now, Rub said it very beautiful. He says now he expects us also to display his token over our faith to Satan and all his unbelieving cults and denominations that we believe that his promise is true and that he will do what he promised to do. Hold the token over your unmovable faith in his promise. He says, "And watch that devil go." I don't know about you tonight, but I want to be I want to be another Rahab the influencer. Anybody want to join me? I want I want to be another Rahab the influencer. I want to be somebody that's it's not too not too proud. to say sometimes I don't I want to be somebody that's not too proud to say, "Brother Brandham, you're right. I'm wrong." I want to be an influencer. Can I say this to you? I don't just want to be a preacher. I want to be an influencer. I don't just want to be a church member. I want to be an influencer. When all the, as we said Sunday, when all the demon powers are streaming out, the underworld has come in and found a place. It's influencing homes, influencing destinies, influencing lives, influencing everything. Influencing careers, influencing families, it's influencing everything. But God has saved this token message for an influence in the last days. We love him tonight. Almighty God, we don't want to be church members. Lord, Father, we want to be influencers. Lord, we want to be influencers of faith, influencers of revelation. Lord, Father, as Rahab, Lord, we so commonly call her Rahab the harlot, but Lord, we don't want to call her Rahab the harlot no more. Lord, she was an influencer, Lord. But Lord, her influence was coming from what she was under. Lord, when she come underneath that token, Lord, when she hung that scarlet cord out there and and displayed it, Lord, Father, she moved from a reputation, Lord, of sin, of condemnation, Lord, of guilt, of embarrassment, of humiliation. She moved from that type of reputation, Lord, and she become an influencer, Lord. She become a woman of grace. Father, she's found in the honor role of faith. Lord, brother Bram said it so beautifully in the why little Bethlehem. He said she come out of that background and she said her coming out of that condition married Salmon. And Salmon and her had Boaz. And Lord, then the lineage came and then our Lord Jesus came out of that lineage. But Lord, I love what he says. He says they came back and they settled in Bethlehem. Lord, I believe here tonight is some Bethlehem dwellers. Father, I pray every believer under the sound of my voice tonight will not just be a believer, but Lord, they'll be an obeyer. Father, Lord, for faith without works is dead. But Lord, if faith and works comes together, then Lord, there will be results, supernatural results. Now, Father, if there be one here tonight that's living under that spirit of fear and fear is tormenting their minds and it's tormenting their homes and if there be any little fifth gospels here tonight that that that old evil, hateful spirit of fear is tormenting those precious mamas. Father, I rebuke that demon in the name of the Lord Jesus. I stand upon the authority of the word of Almighty God. I stand underneath the influence of the token message of this hour. Lord, I stand here tonight as a servant of Almighty God. And in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Satan, I come against you. Thou demon of fear that torments in the nights, that torments in the mornings, that torments in the mind, I rebuke you in the name of the Lord Jesus. You demon that's trying to convince these families and trying to convince homes that they're not good enough and they're failing. They're going to fall apart. Satan, I adjure thee in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Take your hands off of God's property. I rebuke you in the name of the Lord. Father, I pray tonight the sweet influences of this token message. I pray Lord it would break out in every home. I pray it would break out in every heart. I pray, oh God, it would break out in every life. Lord, I pray if there's one ready to throw up their hands and quit, I rebuke that demon of suicide. I rebuke it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I rebuke that demon of quitting, that demon of giving up, that demon of throwing in the towel. I rebuke you, Satan, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Take your hold off of God's precious property. These are not just church members. These are not just just just members of Grace Tabernacle or citizens of the state of Arkansas, but these are Messiah Satan. These are Holy Ghost filled firebaptized children of the living God. And in the name of Jesus, come away from them in the name of Jesus. Almighty God, restore faith where fear has been, Lord. Father, restore joy, restore peace, restore fellowship, restore sweet communion in the name of Jesus. Father, this token message has come to influence our families. Lord, restore the broken pieces. Father, in Jesus name we pray. Oh God, bring us under such influence of this message. Create such an atmosphere of this message in our lives, Lord, that we'll create an atmosphere around others that Lord, we won't have to say one word. the atmosphere will just overwhelm them and they'll have to give in to you Lord because we stand in confidence applying the token and believing it in Jesus name. I believe Lord. I believe things are possible. Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord. I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. [Music] Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible. Lord, I believe and Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. How many receives the token message? Lord, Lord, I receive. How many receives what the word says about you? I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. How many says, "Lord, I want to I want to unleash this prophetic utterance. I want this prophetic utterance to fill my home. I want it to fill my family. I want it to fill my room. I want it to fill every aspect of my life. I want this prophetic utterance to fill my life. I want to become so full of this message that the life I live has its own altar call. The life I live brings spirits under its control. You believe it's possible tonight? Amen. Amen. I I I know the spirit of the Lord's in the building tonight. How many believes that? How many believes he's here? How many believes he's here to break spirits? He's here to break strongholds. Now, the devil's moved in areas and he thinks he has a holding there. And you know the power he has over you is getting you to think he belongs there when in reality you don't. The devil don't belong there. Now we've been called in sin of God to cast out devils. Spirits of fear, spirits of unbelief, spirits of division, spirits of nervousness, spirits of confusion, spirits of misunderstandings, all kinds of spirits. We have been sent as the bride of Christ to cast them devils out. You believe that? Tonight, I want you to turn and lay your hand on someone next to you. Brother to brother, sister to sister, husband to wife, families, and godly order. Tonight, we're the church of the living God. We're bought with the blood. We're underneath the token message of the hour. The devil has not one right in any home, in any life, and any relationship, in any family, in any any marriage, in any aspect of this church. Satan has not one right. As you have your hands laid up on one another, I want you to join with me tonight in prayer. And I want you to open up your voice and your heart right there where you are. And I want you to begin to pray with me tonight. Almighty God, Father, we come before you this evening on this Wednesday evening. Lord, we've not come here for just another service. Oh God, Lord, we've not come here for just entertainment or just to take up some time on a Wednesday evening. But Lord, we've come here because we're influencers underneath this message. And Lord, we know that every gun in hell is against this message. We know every demon in hell is out to take it down. The devil's out to paralyze the influence of this message. He wants to take its bite out. He wants to he wants to strip it of its authority and of its power to fix situations and to break his to break his fictional hold in the lives of children of God. But Lord, we stand here tonight, dear God, as one body, as one bride, as one member of one body, Lord, to another, joining our faith together as the sons and daughters of God. And Lord, as we lay our hands upon one another tonight, we rebuke Satan. We rebuke the spirit of fear. We rebuke the spirit of confusion. We rebuke the spirit of division, oh God. We rebuke the influence of the underworld that's trying to come into lives and trying to come into hearts, Lord. Father, I pray for every one of my brothers and sisters here, Lord. I pray for every one of our young people, oh God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I pray the power of the Holy Ghost tonight would bind the influences, God, of the underworld, Lord, that are trying to come around our families, trying to come around our young people, Lord. Just because we're in the message or just because we go to Grace Tabernacle, Lord, it does not mean we're exempt from these influences, Lord, we must do battle with them, Lord. We must do war with them, dear God. But as believers of your word, we refuse to give into these influences, Lord. as Rahabs. Lord, we are not here to give into influences. We're here to be influencers. And in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, may a coal of fire, may it come up off the altar tonight, dear God. And may it touch every lip, Lord. May it touch every heart, oh God. And in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, may there be Isaiah's birthed here tonight. May there be Rahab influencers birthed here tonight, Lord. May there be warriors, oh God, birth, Lord, underneath the influence of this message, Lord. Father, I pray their influence of this word, oh God, would become so great, it would become so powerful, Lord, that it would overtake the Hollywood influences, Lord, that are trying to consume lives and trying to consume homes. Father, we rebuke them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. May the power of the word of God, may it take over every heart. May it take over every life in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the influence of faith. Oh God, may there come such a union between every believer here and Christ the word. Lord, may every one of these Rahab be influencers, Lord. May they marry this new anointed word and may they come underneath its headship, Lord, both in the natural and in the spiritual, dear God. For Lord, we commit these believers. We commit these influencers into thy faithful hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you, friends. God bless you, influencers. Hallelujah. Won't you just raise your hands to him tonight? Say, Lord, I want you. I want you more than ever before. Lord, how many say, Lord, increase my influence. Increase my influence, Lord. Increase my influence in your word. I don't want to be known just as a preacher. I don't want to be known just as a singer, as a musician. I want to be known as an influencer, an influential Christian. God bless you tonight. Only believe. Yes. Only [Music] I say Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible for Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. I say, Lord, I believe. How many say that tonight as you lift your hands? I believe all things are possible, Lord. I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible. Lord, I be [Music] Amen. And how many say amen to the word of God? Amen. How many you say the Lord spoke to you tonight? Amen. I just thought what a a tremendous message to apply the token with confidence and become an influencer. Isn't that a powerful message tonight? And you know, I think a lot of times, Brother Andrew was speaking about how that we don't feel worthy to to say that we are that. And he brought out the life of Rahab to show us that no matter what our past is that we're we're worthy. If God calls you to it, then you're worthy to to fulfill what God called you to fulfill. You know, I got to thinking when he was sharing that of, you know, how that you know how sometimes we don't feel like our influence is going very far. You know what the Bible doesn't ever tell us? It never tells us of what day when Joshua was marching around the walls of Jericho. There's no record of what day that her family came into her house or her dad came in or her mom came in. And I thought some may have came in on the first day, some may have came in that evening, some may have been couple days later. I I don't know when it was when they came in. But I know one thing that whenever judgment struck, they were under the token of Rahab's house. Thought it may have took the sound. I I thought here they were and marching around that wall and the wall never fell. how it'd be so easy to say, "Well, there ain't nothing happening. While we believe what what Rahab said, but something held them there." And when judgment came and when they heard the sound of judge judgment, you better believe that they were in Rahab's house. I don't care what they were doing or how long delayed it was for their coming, but whenever they heard the sound of judgment, they found their way to Rahab's house. So you just keep being an influencer cuz when it when it matters when it matters most and when something trouble comes on somebody's life or sounds like that or judgment or pressure comes upon their life they have to have a place to turn and where they'll turn is the one that had influence and I believe that tonight. I believe that was a powerful message sent from God to you to keep standing and being an influence. You never know the influence that you have over somebody else's life. You know, I have a dear friend over in India that's been pastoring since I was born. Over I guess about 40 years, 43 or four years that he's been he's been pastoring there. And and uh when he came uh out of Hinduism, he actually was introduced uh into a Pentecostal movement over in India. And he had felt the calling in his life to pastor. And so in the village that he lived in, he had opened up a little church there and they built a you know out of mud and all this stuff. and and that they made them an assembly, put a pull pit there and and went out and started inviting people and preaching the gospel to them the best they knew. And and after some time had passed, they had one of those great floods that came through and it destroyed their church. It destroyed their pull pit. Uh a sickness had fell upon his daughter. He lost the life of his daughter. He found himself on a mountain praying and begging God and asking why would I have been, you know, uh, made this commitment to serve you and now everything that I ever done has fell apart. He said, I was sitting up there praying and crying out to God. And he said, I was just weeping because everything I'd done, I'd left my my work. I'd left everything to to to take a stand for this gospel and and everything I knew. I my my family, you know, had to had denounced me because I took this kind of a stand. And he said, "I thought I I I just went up to the mountain." And he had taken with him a little uh blanket there that he had stored in his closet. And he took it and he said, "I just laid it out on the on the rocks and knelt down on it. I just be to pray." He said, "Whenever I started crying," he said, "I was just just sobbing." And he said, "And I heard it said it sounded like my tears were thunder when they hit the ground." He said, "It was just a thundering in my in my ear." He said, 'When I looked down at my feet, there was a book laying there at my feet that said that said spoken word. And he said, I didn't know what it was. I didn't know who William Brandham was. He said, but the title of the message was why Cry Speak. He said, here I was crying out to God and asking God for answers. He said, and I picked that book up and wondered how, you know, that this had even came about. And he said, my mind had gone back. how that a few years ago a lady in our village or or had been visiting the village had came by and she had gave me some books to read as trying to be a witness to me. He said, "I just thanked her and put them in my closet. I never read them, never looked anything into it, never thought nothing else about it and forgot they were even there." He said, "But in the moment that I most needed it and I was crying out to God there, I thought my Andrew was preaching that. I thought there was that token laying there." And you know what I talked to that brother about? I said where I'd like to meet that lady. That brother has established 55 churches in India in the in these past several years. 55 churches. There are thousands of believers that have came uh to Christ out of Hinduism out of that one man's ministry. And I said, I'd sure like to meet that woman. He said, I'd sure introduce you if I knew who she was. I thought my here she don't I don't know who she is. I don't know if anybody knows who she was, but I know that here she may feel like you and I feel sometimes that I went out and done everything I could to be an influence and maybe my influence wasn't that great after all. You know, I may have handed out some books. I may have tried to live a life and maybe it didn't really take a hold on anybody. I wasn't much of an influence at all. But little did she know that thousands of souls will be accounted to her. It'll go on record in heaven. thousands of souls that have been won because she was willing to be an influence for the message of the hour. I say it may not seem like you're doing something great, but every little bit you do, you never know the the gravity of what it really has in this world and the you you never know how big it really is. I believe God uses our our witness. He uses your life as a testimony. And one day, this world will look to you as the only answer. Maybe it was somebody that just saw you in a supermarket that when they get in trouble, they cry out to God. Whatever God it was that was on that woman. May I may you come and help me in a time of need. That's the kind of influence I want to be tonight. Do you believe that tonight? How many believes that message was for you? When you don't feel like you're doing enough, but God has given us something to be able to be an influence in this world. I believe I thank God for you tonight. I appreciate brother Andrew and just speaking his heart. You know, we just like Rahab, you know, Rahab, she never was given the plan of God. She didn't know how long it was going to take or how many times they going to walk around that wall or how many days it was going to be. She didn't have the plan of God. She just had the she just had the commission that was given to her. She may not have had the whole plan, but she sure had a word from the from the from the Holy Ghost that says, "Hold on to the token. However long it takes, just let the token be on display." I wonder how many could say, "Lord, no matter what it takes." I may not know the whole plan of God. The Bible says, "No man knows the date or the hour. It's something that God has reserved, but we know one thing. We have a token and we'll leave it on display however long it takes." Amen. You believe that tonight? Amen. Brother Andrew has already prayed. We pray that God would bless you as you go tonight. My what a tremendous message that was been spoken here tonight. Don't let it leave your heart, but take it with you everywhere you go. Amen. Key of D. Well, I've been changed. I've been healed. Yes, I've been free. I've been delivered. Well, I found joy. I found peace. Amazing grace. I'm highly favored. And right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. Yes, I've been changed. And I said, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. Well, I said I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your spirit came and changed me. All my shame. Yes. All my guilt. Yes. All my sins. They been forgiven. Now there's no more chains, no more fear. It's all my past is finally over. And right now
