################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-11 - Pastor Matt Morse The Lord of the Sabbath 1-11-26 - Matt Morse.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-11
Title:    Pastor Matt Morse | The Lord of the Sabbath | 1-11-26
Speaker:  Matt Morse
Church:   Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THWaMrEtsjs
========================================

Description:
Sunday Morning Service
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
He takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live, Lord. Oh, let's all stand and sing that chorus again. Oh, and the more that I surrender, oh, the lighter my Lord, the more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, and it gets easier to understand this road. I'm traveling down. No more winging or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, and the more that I surrender, oh, the lighter, my Lord, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Oh Lord, I love you more. I'll sing a second verse now. And the problems I had won yesterday are stepping stones to a higher place. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now my patterns of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love. Oh, will you lift your hands this morning? Just surrender it all to him. And the more that I surrender my Lord, &gt;&gt; the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you. &gt;&gt; Oh, can you say amen to that? This morning, every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Amen. Let's sing that little song. Because He lives. Because He lives. Aren't you thankful you serve a risen savior this morning? And because he lives, oh, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. All my fear is gone. And because I know, yes, I know he holds my future and my life is worth the living just because he a sing that first verse now. God sent his son. Oh, they called him Jesus. He came to love, heal and forive. Oh, he lived and died. Oh, to buy my pardon. Oh, an empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Oh, because he lives. All fear is gone. &gt;&gt; And because I know, yes, I know he holds my future and my life is worth the living just because he lives. Oh, and then one day &gt;&gt; I'll cross the river. I'll fight. Oh, no war with pain. Oh, and then when death it'll give way to victory. Oh, I'll see the light of glory. And I'll know my savior lives. &gt;&gt; And because he lives I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. All my fear is gone. And because I know, yes, I know he holds my future. This life is worth the living just &gt;&gt; because he live. &gt;&gt; Amen. Life is worth living because we serve a risen savior this morning. Brother Wesley, we open the service in a word of prayer. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Good to be gathering in the house of the Lord. Just a couple announcements. Once more, our anniversary meetings coming up at the end of February with Brother Donnie, Brother Josh, and Brother Wayne. That's February 26 through March 3rd. And then next Sunday evening at 5:00, there'll be a youth service here in the church. So, next Sunday at 5:00, we'll have a youth service here. Amen. He set me free. He set me free. He broke the bonds. Are you thankful to be free this morning? Oh, once like a bird in prison. I dwell on no freedom from my sorrow. I fell. But then Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond a prison for me and I'm going down my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. Oh, darkness of night has drifted away. Oh, my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God, I'm homeward bound cuz he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of prison for me. And I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, goodbye to sin and things that compound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying to and glory to God. I'm going through. Oh, cuz he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of risen for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. Oh, let's sing our last verse again. So, goodbye to sin and things that compound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying too. And glory to God, I'm going through cuz he set me free. Yes, he set me free for me and I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. I'll sing the course again. Oh yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of risen for me and I'm glory bound. My Jesus to sing. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, give a hand clap for praise this morning. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad. Oh Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh, let's put our hands together for the Lord. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. All Satan had me bound. Oh, Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound. But my Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. So I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. And I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. And I came to church this morning. I'm claiming victory. I came to church this morning claiming victory. And I came to church this morning claiming victory, singing glory, hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, Satan had me bound. Yes, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes. I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, I came to church this morning. I came to church this morning. Oh, claiming victory. I came to church this morning. Claiming victory. I came to church this morning claiming victory. singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, sing that again now. Oh, I came to church this morning claiming victory. I came to church this morning. Claiming victory. And I came to church this morning claiming victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Did you come claiming victory? &gt;&gt; I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. Oh, my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. Oh, no pain nor death can enter there. So, I feel like traveling on. Oh, yes. I feel like traveling on and on. I feel like traveling on for my heavenly home is bright and fair and I feel like traveling on. Oh, for its glittering town. The sun now shines. I feel like traveling home. Oh, and that heavenly manion shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. Oh, yes. I feel like traveling home. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Oh, my heavenly home. It's bright and fair. Oh, third verse now. Oh, let others seek a home below. But I feel like traveling on which flames devour or waves or flow. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on and on. I feel like traveling all. Oh, my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel Oh, can you sing this last verse now? Oh, yes. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on. Oh, until that blessed home I see I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on and on. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home. It's bright and fair. Oh, let's all stand and sing that last verse again. I said, "The Lord has been so good to me, and I feel like traveling all." Oh, until that blessed home I see. Oh, if the brothers will come for the offering. Oh yes, I feel like traveling home. Oh, I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling. Amen. Brother Phil, will you pray over the offering? by. Oh, by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome and we'll understand it better. Oh, singing again now. I'm singing by and by. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome and will understand it better. All first verse for we are often tossed and driven on the restless sea of time. Summer skies and howling temp is soft seed a bright sunshine in that land of perfect day. When the midst has rolled away, we will understand it better by and by. I'm singing by and by. Oh, when that morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home of how we've overcome and will understand it better by and by all trials dark on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us to that blessed promised land. But he'll guide us with his eye. And we'll follow till we rise. And we'll understand it better by and by. I'm singing by head and by. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. And we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, temptations, hidden snares often take us unaware. And our hearts are made to bleed for many thought this word or deed. And we wonder why the test when we try to do our best. But we'll understand it better by and by. I'm singing by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. Oh, let's sing that third verse again now. All trials dark on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us to that blessed promised land. But he'll guide us with his eye. And we'll follow till we ride. And we'll understand it better by and by. I'm singing by and by. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. And we'll hunt. Oh, why don't you turn around and shake your neighbor's hands this morning? up singing by. We will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by all trials dark on every hand and we can honor all the ways our God will lead us to that blessed promised land but he'll guide us with his eye and we'll follow till we ride and we'll understand it better by and I'm singing by and by. Oh, when that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story of how we've overcome. Oh, sing the chorus again as Sister Joyce brings her song. I'm singing by and by. When that morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will take and we'll understand. Fast battle accomplish your plans. Is your heart heavy laden? Oh, do you feel the Lord's command? And do you feel that you's trying? Just bring your cares to Jesus and your soul sisfied. Pick up the broken pieces and bring them to the Lord. Pick up the broken pieces. Trust in his holy word. Oh, he will put them back together and make your life complete. Just place the broken pieces at the feet. Now you may feel that there's no hope left. Broken hearts they just came in. So you're torn in many pieces that Christ can make you whole again. Now storms of doubt blow all direction. But don't you be afraid. God can make all corrections. He made a body out of clay. Pick up your broken pieces and bring them to the Lord. Pick up the broken pieces. Trust in his holy word. For he will put them back together and make your life complete. Just the broken pieces at your feet. Pick up the broken pieces and take them to the Lord. Pick up the broken pieces. Trust in his holy word. He will make your life complete. Just the broken pieces at the feet. Now when you feel that there's no hope left, broken hearts they just won't know you're in many pieces. Christ will make you whole again for storms of doubt blow all direction. But don't be afraid. God can make all of your broken pieces and take them to the Lord. Pick up the broken pieces. Trust in his holy word for he will put you back together and make your life complete. Just the broken pieces at the Amen. Aren't you thankful we have a place where we can bring our broken pieces? Many times we try to put ourselves back together and then come to the Lord. But he says, "Bring all your broken pieces to me and I'll put you back together." As we get ready to change the order of the service, you are my all and all and you are my strength. And I am weak. Oh, you are the treasure that I seek. Lord, you are my all in all. Oh, seeking you as a preious. I want the Holy Ghost to roll. You are my all in all. Oh Jesus. Oh lamb of God. Oh, worthy is your name. You're my Jesus. Oh lamb of God, how worthy is. Oh, can you stand and sing the second verse to him now? Oh, taking my sin, my cross, my shame, rising again, I bless your name, for you are my ally. Oh, aren't you thankful for this next part? Oh that when I fall down you pick me up and when I am dry you fill my cup. Oh you are my all in. Oh. Oh Jesus the lamb of God. Oh worthy is your name. Oh my Jesus. Oh lamb of God, how worthy is. Oh, sing that sang a verse as we invite our pastor to come. and taking my sin, my cross, my shame, and rising again. I bless your name, for you are my all in. Oh, oh, when I fall down, you pick me up. And when I am dry, you fill my cup. You are my alling. All you're my Jesus, oh lamb of God, how worthy is your name. &gt;&gt; Oh, I say lamb of God. Oh, how worthy is your name? For you're worthy of it all. Yes, he's worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things and you deserve the glory. Yes, you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things and you deserve the glory. Amen. How many declares him worthy this morning? Amen. and you love the Lord this morning and just good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. We just want to welcome everybody here and uh just a tremendous time to come and fellowship around the word of the Lord. Amen. I know we have a lot of people that are out and uh want to remember all them this morning and uh several gone. I tell you, if this was a boat this morning, we'd need to move some to the other side. be. But God bless y'all. A amen. And Lori feels like she's by herself over there. But Amen. We just uh just good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's just sing this. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. He's been so very good to me. And when I think of all he's done and where he's brought me from, well, I've got &gt;&gt; so much to thank him for. Oh, I say when I look around and see all the good things he does for me. And I know I'm unworthy of them all, but I know his blessings he freely gives. And I owe my life to him. Well, I've got &gt;&gt; so much to thank him for. Amen. Won't you just reach around and welcome somebody in the house of the Lord this morning? &gt;&gt; To thank him for, I've got so much to praise him for. Well, he's been so very Go let him know how good God has been to you. Oh, when I look &gt;&gt; around and see all the good things he's done for me. Well, I know so much to thank him for. Well, I know sometimes while on this way will I kneel and stop and say, "Lord, I thank you for all you've done for me." And I know one day I'll reach heaven sur. Please let me kneel once more cuz I've got so much. How many's looking forward to that day? Amen. I spend eternity thanking him for what he's done for me. &gt;&gt; So much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. Well, he's been so very good for me. Well, when I look &gt;&gt; around and see all the good things God's done for me, well, I've got so much to thank him for. Can we sing this one more time? Well, I know sometimes while on this way, I just kneel down, I stop and say, "Lord, I thank you for you've been so good to me." And I know that one day I'll reach heaven shore. Lord, please let me kneel once more. Cuz I've got so much to thank you for. Oh, I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. Well, he's been so very good to me. Oh, when I think of all that my God has done. Oh, I've got so much &gt;&gt; so much to thank him for. Oh, when I think of all he's done and where he's brought me from, well, I've got so much to thank him for. Amen. I think we got a right to praise the Lord this morning. How many's got something to thank God for? Amen. He's a wonderful God. He's worthy of our praise. How many's happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. It's certainly a privilege to know God and it's a privilege to know that God knows us. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? Amen. For God to know who you are. Amen. I just love the Lord. We just want to remember those that are sick this morning out. Many that are traveling. Sister Lillian not feeling well this morning. Sister Eve also remember brother Andrew. He's speaking at brother Yansy's this weekend. Just remember him in prayer that the Lord would uh be an extra special blessing to that uh body of believers. Amen. And many many others that are traveling. Just want to ask the Lord to keep his hand upon them. Maybe if you have a need on your heart this morning, just lift your hand to the Lord. I know God knows what we have need of. Amen. And I believe we come to the right place to find answers. So, let's just ask him to come this morning. Won't each each one just pray in your own way and ask the Lord to come. If there's something on your heart, just just ask him to come and deal with it this morning. I know that God is more than able to do that. And just enter into the service. Enter into the to the spirit of God and and just take a moment. just ask the Lord, Lord, let's just dedicate this time to you and the word of God. Let's pray together. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we love you this morning. Lord, I thank you for another opportunity, Lord, just to come and to to gather in the house of God, Lord, that we could fellowship around the word of God. And Lord, I know that you're more than able, Lord, to do great things. Lord, you're a miracle worker. Lord, you're a supernatural God. Lord, you do things that are beyond our understanding, Lord, or our ability. And Lord, we just ask you this morning that you would help us to get out of the way, Lord, as we come as worshippers, Lord. And God, we pray that you would meet every need, Lord. I pray that you would speak to every heart. You would heal every sick body, Lord, this morning, Lord. You would mend the broken heart. And Lord, as your word does, we ask you now to do these things in Jesus name we pray, Lord. And we'll be careful to give you the glory for it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. How many say amen this morning? Amen. We just love the Lord. And we want to invite you to the scripture to the book of Matthew. And we're going to read out of the first verse, Matthew the first verse. And and uh or excuse me, the 12th chapter and the first verse. So, Matthew 12:1. And give you just an opportunity uh to get there. And I guess brother Ben had announced our youth service next Sunday evening. Uh we're going to do that at five o'clock and uh try to everybody's invited to come. So it's not just for uh there's no age limit on it if you want to uh come and be a support to our uh young people and we're going to try to use the young people uh in in the service. Uh and brother Andrew will be speaking the service. Uh but we want to uh involve the youth the best we can and and uh just something that's been on our heart to do. And so, uh, we don't know how often we'll be able to, but we're going to have a service and see how the Lord leads. Amen. So, just trust that everybody could come and and, uh, be a part of that and support that. So, uh, we just want to take a scripture this morning out of Matthew the 12th chapter. We'll read from the first verse. The Bible says, "At that time Jesus went on the Sabbath day, they threw the corn, and his disciples were hungered, and they began to pluck the ears of corn and to eat. But when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto him, "Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the Sabbath day." But he said to them, "Have you not read what David did when he was a hungered, and they that were with him, and how he entered into the house of God? And he did eat the shoe bread, which was not lawful for him to eat, neither for them that were with him, but only for the priest. Or have you not read in the law how that on the Sabbath day the priests in the temple profane the Sabbath and are blameless? But I say unto you that in this place is one greater than the temple. But if you had known what this meanth, I will have mercy and not sacrifice, you would not have condemned the guiltless. For the Son of Man is the Lord even of the Sabbath day. And I would like to take that for a title this morning out of this scripture, the Lord of the Sabbath. As you take your seats this morning, the Lord of the Sabbath. Here uh here the Bible is telling us a story or an event uh that came in the time when Jesus was in his earthly ministry. And you'll uh you'll understand that that during this time, it was after the disciples uh had been called to follow Jesus in his ministry. Uh they had sat with him. they had uh they had they had heard the the word. He was preaching and teaching unto them. And and in this time Jesus had started his uh you can call it a missionary work if you want but he had started going from city to city where the disciples were from. So he had called these men together and uh then he started going to their hometowns where they were from to the different cities and the Bible would say he was preaching and teaching uh in those cities and uh and it was all around the the land of Galilee. So here uh surrounding the great sea of Galilee where uh Curasin or uh uh Tiberias, Capernium, all these cities that were surrounding this area and Jesus was working in this area. He was going from place to place ministering going from synagogue to uh to temple wherever he would have an opportunity uh to be able to speak. He was in his earthly ministry. So he was preaching and teaching and uh but but but between the towns they would walk through uh you know from a city to a city. here there would be on the Sea of Galilee were these great fields and grain fields and uh it wasn't corn fields like we would think today when we say corn is a universal word that's used to describe grain but uh for us we call maze corn in the United States we call maize which was a a Native American crop like the the ears of corn but uh but but when they were walking through it wasn't corn like we see but they were going through these grain fields maybe it was wheat or barley uh that these fields that were laying in between Galilee and and and The practice would be when they when they would go along. It would it would almost be eating a snack, you know, they'd go along and and and going through the fields and they'd take an ear off of that and and rub it in their hands like so and rub the husk off of it and then eat the seeds of it and and so they were they were on this journey with Jesus going to another city and they were just walking through a field and uh they got to collecting some of this grain and eating and fellowship. I'd love to been walking with them, wouldn't you? just walking through the field and and and sitting there listening to Jesus talking about the next town or what happened at the town before and and my how many people had received the message that he was preaching and and so it was a great time as they were walking through no doubt just fellowshipping and and as they get to the city there was some Pharisees on the other side of the city that had watched them as they were entering into the city and they watched them go through the field of grain and and the Pharisees they didn't like what they saw because it was on a Sabbath day and They they said, "Well, don't they know that it's against the Hebrew law to harvest on a Sabbath here?" Uh, you know, what a what a evil thing this is that, you know, they're always trying to catch them. And and and and you know, they were right about the law in that the Sabbath had always been around Israel. And so, uh, from the very beginning, you can start in the Genesis the 2 chapter. The Bible tells us that the heavens and earth, uh, were created by God. And when the heavens and earth were finished, the Bible said all uh the host of them on the seventh day, God ended his work which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all of his work that he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and he sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all of his work which he had created and made. So this was something that God did. It was a day of rest. And so uh the Israel these these that were holding this uh this law it it came from God in Exodus the 20th chapter you read the ten commandments. This is actually uh what they had been keeping their entire life. So here God takes from what God where he had rested and whenever Moses led the children of Israel out of Egypt and they come to the ten commandments then God gives this as a law he said remember the Sabbath day and keep it holy. How many knows that? That's the fourth commandment. Sixth day shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. And in that shalt thou do no work, for thou nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy man's servant, thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates. For in six days the Lord made the heaven and the earth, and the sea, and all that is in them. And he rested on the seventh day. Wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and he hallowed it. So here these were the commandments that were given the children of Israel and they had kept them many from their birth. These that were the Pharisees, they had kept this from their birth. They were they had made a a a commitment. They had made a a pledge on their lives to keep the laws of Moses. They uh they they were keeping this to a to a letter and and so uh but but but Paul, he would even speak of this. This was not a a new thing. This was not a foreign thing to Jesus. He he didn't know he didn't not know what was going on. It it was a it was very common practice to keep the Sabbath day. Amen. But when Paul would speak of this in the Hebrews, listen what Paul said. Hebrews the 4th chapter, he said, "For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise that God rested." Somebody say, "God rested from all of his works." And in this place, again, speaking of the law, if they shall enter into my rest, in other words, Paul is showing us that there's a place to enter into the rest that uh that God offered by giving us a Sabbath. And so he said, "See, he gave the Jews on their way from Egypt to the promised land, he gave them a seventh day for a Sabbath." And Paul said, "See, and therefore it remainth that some must enter in there enter therein and to to they and and to they whom it was first preached." And so you say, "Well, where are they going to enter in?" They're entering into a rest. So Paul said, "And to some they would enter into this place of rest. They would enter into a Sabbath." He said, "And who was it?" It was to those whom it was first preached. So he said God gave them the law and the Sabbath it was the fourth commandment but Paul said but many entered not in because of their unbelief. So so here here that they had made the Sabbath it was such a day and and but but Paul would say but they but once God gave them a Sabbath many didn't enter into their Sabbath. So notice said he's talking about the law how they entered in it but it wasn't mixed with faith. In other words they didn't keep the Sabbath. So they entered into a Sabbath as they knew it as the Sabbath. But when they entered in, they didn't enter in with faith. They kept the Sabbath in a memorial. They kept it. They were even though they were going to a land of a Sabbath, it was an everlasting rest. It was meant to be a land of Sabbath. That what that's what God was telling them that for in the wilderness. It was showing them that they're going to a place of rest that there wouldn't be no more taskmaster. There wouldn't be no more weary. There was no more restless nights. They were on their way to a promised land of rest. It was a land that flowed with milk and honey. Oh my, what a blessed rest. But brother Bam said, "But they failed to get it because when they got there, because of their unbelief here, the Bible said they were turned aside. They were 40 miles from their promised land. They were 40 miles from the land of rest when they left out of Egypt and it took 40 years for them to get there because of their unbelief." He said, "See, God gave him a prophet. He gave him a sign. He gave him a pillar of fire. He showed signs and wonders. and he preached the gospel unto them for one purpose. It was for them to be able to enter into this place of rest. Oh friends, isn't that wonderful that God would give a prophet and a sign and a pillar of fire and he had preached the gospel to you just so that you had a way to enter in to this place of eternal rest. This was the purpose of the pillar of fire. It was to lead them into their rest. It was the purpose of the prophet of God. It was to lead them into their rest. It was the purpose of the preaching of the word. It was to lead them into this place of their rest. But the Bible said but they failed to get it because of their unbelief. He said they walked out and they uh they of the fishes and the loaves and they fell in the wilderness. And the Bible said and their carcasses perished in the wilderness. They never even enter in to that place of their rest. And see here these Jews in the days of Jesus, they had kept that law. They had kept the Sabbath. They were these were those that were the descendants of those that had entered into this place of rest. They they had entered into this land of of rest. That was supposed to be a a place of rest. They were supposed to be a place that was free from toil and labor. And you know the history of Israel, how that they let sin enter in. They let idols enter in. They let other gods enter into that place, that sanctuary of rest. And because they allowed all of those things into that sanctuary, it became a place of war and turmoil again. Although it was supposed to been a place of rest. He said, "See, so, so these were the families that had kept that law, but still yet all these hundreds of years later, thousands of years later, they were still keeping the Sabbath law. They they still kept it according to the scripture." And so and in and here Jesus would say to them, "Have you not read in the law how that on the Sabbath day the priests in the temple profane the Sabbath and are blameless?" He said, "But I say unto you that in this place is one that is greater than the temple." Oh my, they were so good at keeping the law. They were so good at keeping the Sabbath. They were so good at looking down in the field of grain and saying, "Who's this? Who who does he think he is to try to uh to try to h pick corn and harvest on the Sabbath day?" But as Jesus would speak to him, he quoted Hosea the 6th chapter. For I desired mercy and not sacrifice and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings. I I love this because watch how Jesus Jesus quotes Hosea, which they should have knew as a prophet of God. He quotes Hosea, I desired mercy and not sacrifice and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings. And then Jesus says to them, "If you knew what that meant, then you wouldn't condemn the guiltless." My here, they had heard the prophet Hosea all of these years. But Jesus would point out to them that you read the word of the prophet and you read the prophecies and you keep the laws, but you don't even know what it means. He said, "For if you knew what it meant, then you wouldn't condemn the guiltless." Oh, friends, let me tell you. Can I just say what it means to us today that God desires to be merciful more than you making a sacrifice to be worthy. Listen what Hosea is laying a foundation of what God the relationship that God wants to have to the church. And Jesus said God desires mercy more than he desires sacrifice. HE HE DESIRES to be merciful unto you. You've made such a law and you've made such a ritual in order that you can serve God and you can be worthy and you can make enough sacrifice that you can be worthy in the sight of God. He said, "But God desires mercy more than God desires sacrifice." He desires mercy. Mercy. He's not looking for us to be a ritualistic believer. He's not looking for church members and and those that can make a way. Oh friends, I know the whole world is trying to earn their way into heaven, but God ain't going to let you earn it. He's not going to let you do anything to deserve it. He's not going to let you do anything to pay for it because God desires mercy more than he desires sacrifice. &gt;&gt; There's too many that follow rituals. But let me tell you what God wants. God wants you to know him. He wants you to know him as he is. Jesus said he he he desires mercy and the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings. Well, that makes me want to preach this morning that God desires the knowledge of God more than burnt offerings. In other words, God wants you to know him as he is. God wants you to know him as a father that owns a cattle on a thousand hills. He don't want you to do it yourself. He wants you to rely upon him and know him as a father. And when you get into trouble, you can say, "Dad, I need your help. I'm in a midst of trouble and I have no way to get out of it." Cuz God desires to be merciful more than he desires sacrifice. He wants you to know him as a father. He wants you to know him as a provider. He wants you, well, you may as well preach with me this morning. He wants you to know him as a healer whenever you're sick. He don't want YOU TO JUST TO HAVE TO go rely on anything that anybody would give you. He wants you to call upon the name of the Lord and say, "God, I need your help. I'm sick in my body. I have nowhere to turn. I need the hand of God in my life." He wants you to know him. He wants you to know him as he is. He wants you to know him as a mother. Isn't that what he told uh told uh Abraham whenever he came to Abram? He was 99 years old. And the Bible said when God appeared to him, he said, "I am the Almighty God. Walk before me and be thou perfect." How many knows what that word almighty God meant? It means El Shai. In the Hebrew, it was El Shadai, which mean the breasted God or the all breasted one, the bosom of God, the breast of God. He said that's what God wants. He wants you to come to him. He wants you to know him as a father. He wants you to know him as a healer. He wants you to know him as a savior. He wants you to know him as a mother. The very one that you can grow and draw your strength from. God wants you to know him as he is. Oh friends, don't you realize it's a place that you can come to that a place for healing or or salvation. This is listen this is what he told Abraham El Shadai. You know what it meant? It was a place of healing that you could draw from one place. If if it was salvation you need you could draw it from God. But Abram said and both parts are a part of the new covenant of Jesus Christ. It don't matter what you need. Whether it's salvation of your soul or healing for your body, you can go to the same place to get it. You can draw it from the presence of the Lord. The Bible said he was wounded for your transgressions. He was bruised for your iniquity. See, one place for your soul, the other place for your body, he was wounded for transgression, bruised for iniquity. A and by his stripes you are healed. So he's a healer of your body. He's a savior of your soul. HE SAID, "I AM THE ALMIGHTY. I AM EL SHADAI. WALK BEFORE ME AND BE THOU PERFECT. AND WHEN YOU NEED STRENGTH, I AM THE PLACE THAT you can come to and you can draw your strength from me." But said, it don't matter how you feel or what it looks like tomorrow. Somebody ought to look to God and say, "Lord, I'm drawing from that promise." I wonder how many can say that this morning. Lord, I'm drawing from that promise. It don't matter what you have need of. It don't matter if you're in a bind or if your family's in trouble or if you're or if you're behind on your bills or or or if you're sick in your body or if you or or if you just need a pick to God to pick you up, an encouragement. He said, "When you need strength, you draw from him. I'm drawing from that promise. He wants you to draw. You know why he wants you to draw, brother Mark? Because God loves mercy more than sacrifice. He wants to give to you. He wants you to call on him in a time of trouble. And brother B said, when you start to draw from him, you watch how your strength begins to renew, how things straighten up, arms begin to move out, eyes begin to brighten up, and the heart starts to beat normal again because you're drawing from the strength of El Shadai, the breasted God. I'm drawing. I DON'T CARE HOW I FEEL AND what I look like. I'm drawing from the breast of God. Oh friend, don't you realize it was the promise of God. He said, "Lord, you promised it. I'm the seed of Abraham. I am your child and I'm drawing from this promise. It's thus sayeth the Lord. I believe you and it don't matter what tomorrow holds." Brother Brian said, "The next day I may be sicker than I ever was, but I wonder how many say this this morning, but I'm still drawing. I may feel worse than I did today, but I'm still drawing. I may be more broke tomorrow than I was yesterday, but I'm still drawing. I MAY BE IN A DARKER HOLE THAN I WAS YESTERDAY, BUT I'M STILL DRAWING. I'M NOT GOING TO GIVE UP BECAUSE I KNOW GOD HAS WHAT I HAVE NEED OF. He said he's the same El Shadai tonight. He changes not. And his covenant people has the same privilege to draw from the same resource that father Abraham had to draw cuz God swore by the same covenant that he would give us the promise. Hallelujah. You know what that means, brother Mark? that in the promise when God promised that Israel would be a nation, every time you see Israel in the news, it ought to make you shout all over this building. When you see the nation of Israel or their flag flying or see their name in the news, it ought to make you shout because the same covenant that God made to Abraham that promised there would be a nation that would come out of his seed. IN THAT SAME COVENANT, God promised that the seed of Abraham would have access to the God that Abraham had. So when you see Israel standing there as a nation, it's a fulfillment of that covenant that God made with Abraham. And if God made a nation out of Abraham, then you have access to God. For Paul said, "For you are the children of God by the faith in Christ Jesus." And if you are Christ, then you are Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise. &gt;&gt; So the promise is God made Abraham by covenant. Now we're a receiver of it. Therefore, I can say that this morning. I'm still drawing. If there's a nation of Israel, I'm still drawing. I don't even if I don't have it, I'm still drawing. You know why? Because I have a Bible promise that I that that covenant BELONGS TO ME. EVERY time I SEE ISRAEL, I KNOW THAT SAME GOD THAT MADE THE PROMISE TO ABRAHAM. I HAVE ACCESS TO THAT GOD. I may not feel him on the other end, but I'm still drawing. I MAY NOT FEEL NOTHING CHANGING, BUT I'M STILL DRAWING. WHY? BECAUSE I HAVE A covenant from God. He said, "Whatever you need, you draw it from God." You you you draw it. You said, "Well, I don't have the strength to draw." Can I tell you something about it? It don't take natural strength to draw from God. &gt;&gt; It don't take a natural strength. You don't have You don't have to be strong in body and strong in mind to draw from God. You don't draw by your natural ability, but you draw from God by your faith. But the Bible said, "Your own power of faith has pulled from the supernatural God the very desires of your heart." That means you have a faith that can pull from God that would give you the desire of your I don't know about you but I'm still drawing. If the devil says you ain't getting nothing, I say I'm somebody say I'm still drawing. I wish brother Homer was here. I'm still drawn. I'm still drawing. And the devil says you ain't going to get nowhere with God. I'M STILL DRAWING. YOU'LL NEVER OVERCOME THAT. I'M STILL DRAWING. YOU'LL NEVER GET CLOSER. I'M STILL DRAWING. YOU YOU'LL NEVER BE DELIVERED. I'M STILL DRAWING. YOU'LL NEVER BE HEALED. I'M STILL DRAWING. YOU keep drawing from the breast of God. &gt;&gt; Don't you realize that's why God even created us. &gt;&gt; He created us because God remember in the beginning he was Elohim. &gt;&gt; Elohim was the self-existing one. But in God was the attributes to be a father but there was nobody to be a father to. &gt;&gt; In God was the attributes to be a son but he had no one to call father. In him was the attribute to be a savior but nobody was lost. It was the attribute to be a healer, but nobody was sick. It was the attribute to be a God, but there was no one to worship. He was God and God alone. Said, but see, all of these attributes were in him, but after creation, we all of a sudden see these attributes being manifested. I think this is so powerful. But remember said that we are God's attributes displayed. Therefore, all of these things that were in God before God ever created, he said, "And we are God's attributes displayed." Therefore, if he was a father and now we see it manifested, you sat in here as an attribute of God manifested in this age. Said, "Remember, if you ever did or you ever will have eternal life, you had it with him then." See, you had it with him. And the Bible proves it. Jesus came. Can Can I just say this? Don't you How many knows God as a father? How many believes that the Bible said he's a father? How many believes him as a son of God? How many how many believes him as a healer? How many how many believes him as a savior? See, we've seen God in those things. Now, if you know that God is a father, how many believes that really that God has always had that attribute in him? You believe that? See that God couldn't manifest that if it wasn't always God? It was always a part of God, but it wasn't manifested until God created us. See, so, so that's always been in God. So, here the prophet said, "But you're an attribute of God." So if you can believe that God is a father and that attribute's always been in him, then if you're an attribute of God, then you have to believe that you've always been in him. So see, we've always been a part of God. You were you were attributes in him. He said, "And we never did." He said, "Now remember, if you ever did or ever will have eternal life, you had it with him then. And the Bible proves it because Jesus came." How many knows why Jesus came? He said he was a redeemer. How many knows what redeemer means? Redeemer, it means to bring back to an original. It means to buy something back, to redeem something that was lost or that was taken away. It's to bring it back from a place that it was fallen or a place that it came from. So, how could Jesus be a redeemer if we didn't belong to God already? Can I just lay that in there? How how could he be a redeemer if he wasn't already a part of God? But he came as a redeemer because you were an attribute of God that was lost out here in this world, but you came from God. You were a part of God. You were in God in the beginning before God ever created and now here you are in this world and he come as a redeemer to buy you back to him. He said see redeemment means to bring back and you I love this and you the way you look and who you are what your name is that was God's thinking before the foundation of the world. I know well I may as well just say it. Everybody's trying to change it. Nobody likes the way they look. They don't like the name they have. They don't like who they are. They don't like what what their mom and daddy made them. He said, "But the way you look and who you are, even what your name is, God knew it before the foundation of the world. You belong to God. God called you. You were in him. Jesus came not to save the whole thing." He said he wanted to. That was that was his nature. But he come to redeem, to bring them back. That was in God's thoughts in the beginning. &gt;&gt; I know what people say when you start preaching like this. Well, it looks like to me God just is in control of everything. Well, he is. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me just lay it out there for you. He is. &gt;&gt; Somebody told me that one time. Well, I don't know why if people are predestinating all that, well, why would I even try? Well, well, I I I read that the other way. If everybody's predestinated, I thought, thank God I saved from the beginning. It made me want to serve you more. It wasn't a why would I even try? It was Lord, how could I wait this long? Why? Well, Lord, why? I'M SORRY I WASTED the years, but let me serve you if you called me before the foundation of the world. I've always belonged to you. You sent a word to call me out of this world. He &gt;&gt; said he does control it. He said now he could just be he could not just make man to fall. See he had all these attributes in him. Let me just lay this in here. He had all these attributes in him. But God is a just God. And he couldn't just make by the time he couldn't just make us to fall. That wouldn't be a just God. He had to put them on an equal basis of free moral agency to make his own choice but knowing that he would fall. So God made you knowing that you can I just say that he made them with free moral agency knowing you would fall. &gt;&gt; God knew you would fall. He knew you'd fall. He knew you'd fall. He knew what condition you'd be in. He knew the mistakes you'd make. He knew he knew every every error you'd make. He said, "But he made them knowing he would fall." He said, "See, but he can't be a savior unless something is lost. He can't be a healer unless something is sick. That things had to be this way. God made them thus so that his great attributes could be displayed. If there wasn't that, he had never have been a savior. If you was never lost, he couldn't have been a savior. But we know who he was. Even that before there was a time, he was a savior. He was a savior. So there has to be something lost. How's it going to be? If he takes it and loses it just in order to save it, then that isn't justice to his judgment. So he couldn't send a man to hell and be just. He is kind, gentle, true, honest. He's a great judge. So he would be working against himself if he put you here and made you fall just so that he could save you. Said then he couldn't send a man to hell because he's the one that made him fall. But God actually put us here with a free moral agency knowing that we would fall. He said he put a man here making him on free moral agency so he would knowing and and and the man in his own image. How could he fall? He said now do you see the daylight? See, so when God made us, he made us in his own image. And we may be in a fallen state, but some point in our life, we have whenever we find Christ, we come back to the image that God made us in. He said, see, he made us in his own image. And we may go through this life, I got news for you, friends. There's some people that I've seen, I don't think they are in the image of God. I I I've looked at them and have my doubts. That can't be that can't be the image of God. I I I've talked to them a little while that can't be the image of God. But but he puts us in this life and then one day brings us back into that image that he created us in. He said any man that belongs to God, are you ready for this? He can't fall too far because he was made in the image of God. He may be in the world. He may go into sin. He may make mistakes. He may have faults, but he can't go too far because you were made in the image of God. And any man that belongs to God, they can't ever be lost. Well, can you hear it, FRIENDS? IF YOU WERE IN GOD IN THE BEGINNING, you're an ATTRIBUTE OF GOD. HE ALWAYS WAS A FATHER. He's manifested himself as a father. He was a mother. He manifest as a mother. IF YOU'RE AN ATTRIBUTE OF GOD, YOU BELONG TO GOD. YOU CAN'T EVER BE LOST. IT DON'T MATTER HOW FAR YOU GO OR HOW LOW YOU GO OR HOW DEEP IN SIN. YOU FIND YOURSELF BECAUSE YOU'RE AN ATTRIBUTE OF GOD. YOU WERE MADE IN THE IMAGE of God. And one day you will come back to it. &gt;&gt; Said, "You can't ever be lost because you belong to God." Isn't that what Jesus said? All that the father hath given me will come &gt;&gt; and I will in no wise cast them out. Said they will come and they he didn't say they might come. He said the father give them to me and they will come &gt;&gt; because you belong to God. &gt;&gt; Jesus said the knowledge of God more than offerings. He wants you to know him. &gt;&gt; But the problem was the Pharisee, they didn't know who he was. And Jesus answered this way. He said, ' But there's one standing here among you that's greater than the temple. &gt;&gt; For the Son of Man is the Lord even of the Sabbath day. &gt;&gt; See, it looked like Jesus had broke the fourth commandment, but really he's actually teaching them about the Sabbath. You know, I don't think that Jesus done things by accident. But here, so you you see whenever you read this scripture in Matthew the 12th chapter and as you're reading it here, it's talking of they're going through on the Sabbath day through the corn, the disciples, they were hungry. They went and plucked the ears of corn and to eat. But if you'll notice that whenever he whenever Matthew writes of this scripture of the 12th chapter, when the Bible's written, there actually wasn't chapters in the Bible. That was something that we added later in order to to uh for reference in order to find a certain scripture. But when it was written, it was written in a letter form. So if you'll read this scripture at that time when he went on the Sabbath day through the corn and his disciples were hungry he began to pluck the ears of corn. If you'll go back three verses into the Matthew the 11th chapter and remove the chapter apart from between it and just make it the same. Notice what Jesus is talking about before he walks into this cornfield. Jesus said Matthew 11:28, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me for I am meek and lowly in heart and you shall find rest unto your souls for my yoke is easy and my burden is light. So here and then the next word is and at that time Jesus went on the Sabbath day through the corn and the disciples were hungered. So here Jesus is talking about rest. Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden and I'll give you rest for my yoke is easy and my burden is light. At that time, Jesus went on the Sabbath day through the through the field of corn and they begin to take the corn. So you you realize the Sabbath is actually speaking about rest. But Jesus is introducing them to a different kind of rest. He know he he knows what what but it was a it was a day of rest. It was meant to be a day of rest. But but the rest that he offered on the Sabbath was now being offered in Christ Jesus. So So the very thing that they had kept now Jesus is offering it. Come unto me and I will give you rest. &gt;&gt; Wow. What a revelation this is that that he's speaking of this. How how many read or listened to the Patmas uh uh uh the Patmas vision message that brother Bam preached. He actually starts in Revelations the first chapter and he's speaking of the of the of John on the aisle of Patmas and he takes out of this scripture Revelations 1 and 10 where John said, "I was in the spirit on the Lord's day and heard behind me a great voice." How many's read that? You know that John, the entire book of Revelation is a two-year period of John uh uh writing the visions that he saw. He said, "See, I was in the spirit on the Lord's day, and I heard behind me a great voice." He said, "Here, this verse is it causes dissension around the world." And it's because that we have people that take this scripture and they call the Lord's day the Sabbath day. Said, see, which to them is a Saturday. So John said, "I was in the spirit on the Lord's day." There's a whole group of of people in the world that take this scripture say the Lord's day is the Sabbath day. So John was in the spirit on Saturday. He was in the spirit on this Sabbath day. But brother said, see, but first he said they they call it Saturday. He said, but then there's others who call the Lord's day Sunday or the first day of the week. He said, but how could it be either of these days or even the two put together? For John was in the spirit receiving those visions for a period of two years. So actually what had happened was that John was caught up in the spirit and transported into the Lord's day which is yet to come. The Bible speaks of the day of the Lord which is yet to come. It is to be in the future. And John was seeing things in that future day. So it was not I wasn't in the spirit on Saturday. He wasn't in the spirit on Sunday but he was caught up into the Lord's day which was a future day that that that the Bible speaks that is coming. He said it was a day that was yet to come. It was a future day. But in the meantime, he said, just to sell your minds, let's just find out what the Sabbath day is today. Said, see, the Sabbath as we know I from the New Testament is not the keeping of a certain day. For we have no command whatsoever to keep Saturday for a Sabbath, nor have we a commandment to keep the first day of the week, which is Sunday. But here is the truth of it. Sabbath means rest. Somebody say rest. Sabbath means rest. This is what Paul is speaking of in Hebrews the 4th chapter. He said, "For if Jesus had given them rest or rest day, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day, there remainth therefore rest or a Sabbathkeeping to the people of God." So there remainth a way to keep the Sabbath to to the people of God. He said, "For he that has entered into his rest, he also hath ceased from his own works just as God did from his." This was Paul's teaching. So a man that would enter into this rest or this Sabbath, he has ceased from his own works just like God did. So here, notice we see two things in this one. We see this a as a millennium, a pl a time of rest. We see this as a future day, a coming into this perfect rest. But there's another side to it. He said, see, brother B said, did you hear the key phrase in the last part of the verse? He said, God ceased from his own works. said, "That's what God gave to Israel the seventh day for their Sabbath in commemoration of his own work, wherein he created the world and all that was therein. Then he stopped creating. He ceased from his labors and then God rested." Said, "Now it was fine to give a Sabbath rest to a people because they were all in one place at the same time. They were going across the wilderness. They were all traveling together. They were all had the same day. Every Sabbath it was the same day. every seventh day it was the same day to them because they were all together. He said, "But how could God do it now and it be kept on a certain day because today half the world is in a lie and the other half is in darkness. So it wouldn't work at all. It he said that's just an argument from the natural that God couldn't have a certain day because this is a time of rest that they were all resting together just as God rested." So here as a body they would come to this place of rest just as God rested. Well, it's easy when they're going across the wilderness. They were all together. But how can you tell one in America and one in Europe to rest on the same day because their day and their day is not even the same? It's a different day and a different night. So it had to be more than that. So but that's just the natural. But notice what the Bible teaches about it. He said the Bible teaches us about this Sabbath rest. Paul said for he that is entered into his rest. Says see now notice this entering in is not only entering in but when Paul says entered into his rest he's actually speaking of remaining in rest. So it's not just a you don't go in and out of rest. So it's not he that enters in and then today tomorrow he's out of the rest and then the next day he's back into rest. Next day he's out of it. Six days he's out of it. One day he's in it six day. But that ain't what Paul's talking about at all. He said but he that enterth in and remainth at rest. So the Sabbath is a place of rest that you can remain in. But said not only that, he said but it's an eternal rest of which the seventh day is only a type of. So it's speaking of a rest of an eternal. Remember what seven means? It means completion. But the eighth day is the first day again. He says, see, so Jesus's resurrection, it was on the first day of the week. It gave us eternal life and an eternal Sabbath rest. Thus, we see why God could not give us any one certain day of the week as a Sabbath rest. we've entered into and we remain in our true rest which Israel could not do because they only had a shadow of the true substance which we enjoy today. So them going across the desert and taking that day and making that day a day of rest and making that day that holy day or that Sabbath day. He said see they that what they done was only a shadow of a true substance that you and I enjoy. HE SAID AND WHY WOULD YOU GO BACK TO A shadow when you have A REALITY NOW? WHY WOULD YOU GO BACK TO A LAW WHEN YOU HAVE A REALITY? When you have an eternal rest, a place to rest in the word of God. He said, "How we receive this rest or this continuing Sabbath?" We receive it at the invitation of Jesus. &gt;&gt; So you see this is not everybody just can't walk into this rest, &gt;&gt; but it's invitation only. &gt;&gt; Isn't that good, brother Ben? It's invitation only. &gt;&gt; You The only way you can receive this rest is by invitation. You said, "Well, where is the invitation?" I read it to you. Jesus said, "Come unto me all ye that are labor and heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, and you shall find rest unto your souls." Said, see, so the keeping of the Sabbath is not a day, but it's eternal life. It's an eternal Sabbath. It's a rest, brother Mark, from spiritual toil. It's a rest from a labor of sin. But can I just can I just read it? But Ram said, "It don't matter how long you've been laboring under your load of sin. Whether it's been 10 years or 30 years or 50 years or longer, you come with your tired, weary life, and you WILL FIND HIS REST, A TRUE SABBATH, AND Jesus will give you rest." OH, HALLELUJAH. I WONDER HOW MANY THIS MORNING THAT SAY, "I FOUND THAT KIND OF A REST." OH, WHAT A REST. I'M NO LONGER A SINNER. I'M NO longer lost. I'M NO LONGER CAUGHT UH IN CONFUSION, BUT I'VE BEEN CALLED OUT OF CONFUSION AND OUT OF SIN AND OUT OF UNBELIEF, AND I HAVE found rest. &gt;&gt; Oh, I love it. &gt;&gt; An eternal rest. He said, "Well, what is the rest that Jesus will give?" How many How many wants to know what that is? What is the rest that he'll give us? Where he said, "Come unto me. I'll give you rest." What is the rest that you give? It's Jesus offering a gift of this rest. What is the the rest that you would give to me? Isaiah said, "For all the tables are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place clean. Whom shall he teach knowledge? And whom shall he be made to understand doctrine? But them that are weaned from the milk and drawn from the breast? For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept, line upon line, line upon line. Here a little, there a little. For with tamaring lips and another tongue will he speak to this people." Which people? with tammering lips and another tongue he will speak to this people. Which people is it? &gt;&gt; Isaiah said to whom he said this is the rest or the Sabbath wherewith you may cause the weary to rest or to keep their Sabbath and this is the refreshing yet they would not hear. Rem said, "See, look here. It is prophesied right in Isaiah. And it took 700 years for this to come to pass that God is going to come to a people." Said, "The tables are full of vomit and filthiness." Look at the the whenever Christ came, it was the the the synagogues. It was full of of filthiness and and and just ritual. The only relationship they had with God was through a ritual. Oh my, don't get me going. But it was just through ritual. It it was just following ORDERS. IT WAS JUST GOING BECAUSE YOU HAD to go there. JUST BE JUST COME TO SUNDAY MORNING CUZ I GOT TO GO TO CHURCH on Sunday morning. IF I DON'T GO I I if I don't have a hall pass, they're going to get on to me and they're GOING TO CALL ME AND ASK ME WHERE I went and where I was. I got to do MY DUTY. I GOT TO SHOW UP TO CHURCH ON SUNDAY MORNING. IT WAS JUST A RITUAL TO THEM. &gt;&gt; But that wasn't a place of rest at all. What a lousy way to rest. &gt;&gt; Just a risk. Constant pressure, constant burden. What a lousy way to serve God. What a terrible way to serve God. I got to go to church. I got to raise my hand or they're going I got to I got to worship this morning. I got to praise God because everybody's praying. I'M WAITING ON THE SON, THE SONG LEADER. WHEN HE PRAY, I PRAISE GOD, TOO. WHAT A LOUSY WAY TO SERVE GOD. &gt;&gt; WHAT A LOUSY WAY TO BE A WORSHIPPER. &gt;&gt; WHAT A terrible way to live. &gt;&gt; It's terrible. &gt;&gt; Lousy. &gt;&gt; We weren't called for that. &gt;&gt; Said the tables are full. I'm saying it nice. Isaiah said the tables are full of vomit and filthiness. &gt;&gt; What's called the table of the Lord, they're full of vomit and filthiness. &gt;&gt; The pullpits, it's filled with vomit and filthiness. JUST SOME FEEL-GOOD MESSAGE to make people everybody FEEL LIKE THEY'RE APART. LONG AS THEY GO THROUGH THEIR DUTY, they're all GOING TO BE SAVED. BUT THAT AIN'T OUR REST. &gt;&gt; Who will find this rest? &gt;&gt; It's those that have been weaned from the milk. &gt;&gt; That have found the meat of the word. Can I just say it like that? They've been weaned. You know what it means to be weaned from the milk? You can eat solid food. &gt;&gt; Those that have been weaned from the milk, they're not pacified to go to church. They're Well, I'm here. They're not just pacified to to to be a believer. It ain't we AIN'T WALKING AROUND HANDING OUT PACIFIERS TO MAKE THEM MAKE THEM FEEL LIKE THEY'RE good or or WHEN THEY HAVE A BAD DAY, WE'RE JUST STICKING PACIFIERS IN EVERYBODY OUT JUST TO SATISFY SO THEY CAN BE A CHURCH MEMBER. Nobody wants a church like that. &gt;&gt; He said, "But they are those diaper division. Nobody wants a diaper division church. There's a lot of them. We ain't the diaper division. thumb sucking crybaby diaper division. We ain't that. We're not that. Said it's those that have been weaned from the milk &gt;&gt; that can eat on the meat of the word. &gt;&gt; Listen what Isaiah is saying. We can eat on the meat of the word. That means if it hurts, we say amen anyway. &gt;&gt; If it steps on our toes, we say amen. We don't. We just say amen anyway. Why? Because we're weaned from the milk. I wonder how many could say that this morning. I've been weaned from the milk. I CAN HANDLE THE MEAT of the word. Just give it to me straight. I can handle the meat of the word. &gt;&gt; He said, "Line must be upon line, but with tamarind lips and another tongue he will speak to his people." He said, "Then this is the rest wherewith he may cause the weary to rest. This is the refreshing yet they would not hear." &gt;&gt; Isn't that what happened? Jesus was walking through the field. Come unto me all you that are heavy laden. I'll give you rest. If he knew he was out there on the Sabbath day while they're a bunch of lawb breakakers breaking the Sabbath day, he said, "I'm the Lord of the Sabbath." There's one here among you that's greater than your temple. &gt;&gt; I'm the Lord of the Sabbath. 700 years later at Pentecost, you see this very prophecy of Isaiah being fulfilled. But remember said they were all filled with the Holy Ghost just exactly as it said it would be. He said, "Then that is our true Sabbath." It was promised in Isaiah. It was fulfilled in the book of Acts. Can I can I say one more thing? And it's still available today. &gt;&gt; It was promised in Isaiah. Fulfilled in the book of Acts. It's still available available to us. But said, "Thus when they are filled when they were filled with the Holy Ghost, they ceased from their worldly works and their worldly doings and their evil ways and the Hallelujah. And the Holy Ghost took a charge of their lives and they entered into rest." He said, "There is your rest and that is your Sabbath. It is not a day. It's not a year, but the eternity of being filled with this blessed Holy Spirit. It is you ceasing AND GOD DOING. IT'S YOU GETTING OUT OF THE WAY AND LETTING GOD HAVE HIS WAY IN YOUR LIFE. IT'S GOD IN YOU WILLING AND DOING HIS GOOD PLEASURE. IT'S SURRENDERING YOUR LIFE TO GOD AND BEING FILLED WITH THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST. THAT'S WHY IT AIN'T IN ONE DAY AND OUT THE OTHER. THAT'S WHY IT'S AN ETERNAL REST, BROTHER WESLEY, because you're entering in to the baptism of the Holy GHOST AND THE SEAL OF GOD UPON YOUR LIFE. AND THEN YOU CAN REST IN THIS LIFE. IT DON'T MATTER WHAT COMES MY WAY CUZ GOD HAS IT ALL IN CONTROL. IT DON'T MATTER HOW FAR I FALL, CUZ GOD HAS IT ALL IN CONTROL. IT DON'T MATTER WHERE I FIND MYSELF, GOD HAS IT ALL IN CONTROL, FOR I'VE ENTERED INTO AN ETERNAL REST. EVEN WHILE I'M IN THIS WEAK BODY OF FLESH, I'VE ENTERED INTO MY ETERNAL REST. OH, don't you hear it this morning? HE SAYS, "NOT A day or a year, but it's an eternity of being filled with a blessed HOLY SPIRIT. FOR THE SON OF MAN IS THE LORD OF THE SABBATH. &gt;&gt; He's the Lord of the Sabbath. He didn't break no Sabbath law. But what he did was he introduced us to a true Sabbath, which was a true rest and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He was talking about something that the Pharisees knew nothing about. He didn't abolish rest. He didn't do away with rest. He just ushered us in to a more perfect Sabbath &gt;&gt; than the law could ever offer. &gt;&gt; And Paul said, let me tell you what Paul said. Hang on that a minute. Paul said, "And we who have believed enter that rest." &gt;&gt; Ain't that wonderful? It's not some great big hard door to get through. Paul said, "And we who have believed enter in to that rest." The very thing Wednesday I was talking about the very thing that's a stumbling block to the world, to the unbeliever, but to the believer, it's an open door. It's an entrance into an eternal rest. Remember when Noah was out building that ark and here it was a place of safety and a place of rest or you know you know Noah knew there was a coming judgment. I'm I'm going to close. Noah knew there was a coming judgment but you but but but he rested in that God had given him a way out of judgment. &gt;&gt; So while the world was out doing all the world stuff, but Noah was up there. He he rested in the promise of God. He just took a hammer. You say, "Well, it wasn't he laboring." He was resting. He was just resting away with that hammer. Resting away with those logs. He was just resting away because God had given him a place of rest. In the time of judgment, you have a place of rescue, a refuge. And so, he just rested in it. But you know that every time that Noah had built put another block of wood on that ark, the more he built it and the greater it became, the less people believe Noah, the crazier he became. And brother Bam said it became a stumbling block to them. the very thing God told him to do that would be a refuge that would be his place of safety, his place of rest, the very thing God told him became a stumbling block to the world because they saw it as something that was absurd to the natural mind. He said, "But but but but all but when it came to that day when the rain was going to come that Noah finally got up and he said, "The hour has come that the word that I preach is going to be manifested." So he stood up and he began to he he he walked into the ark and the Bible says and God shut the door to the ark. And then the rains came and the floods begin to rise and people that came beating on the door of the ark and tried to get in. He said, "But the last chance to be saved was already gone because the door of the ark was closed." &gt;&gt; Said, "See, but Noah, look what he had done. He had entered into a place of rest." But can I SAY THIS? IT WAS LONG BEFORE HE EVER went into an ark that Noah had entered his place of rest. &gt;&gt; Friends, what the world has done is tried to make IT EASY. CAN YOU IMAGINE? GOD DIDN'T come in Noah's day and say, "All you had to do is say, I believe Noah's a prophet," and then you're entered into rest. YOU HAD TO GET IN THE ARK. YOU COULDN'T JUST SAY, "I BELIEVE NOAH. I BELIEVE NOAH. OH, I GOT A PICTURE OF NOAH HANGING ON MY WALL, SO THEREFORE I'M GOING TO BE SAVED." BUT THAT DIDN'T SAVE NOBODY. YOU HAD TO BE PREPARED to enter into THE PLACE OF REFUGE THAT NOAH WAS ENTERING INTO. And brother said, "It's the same thing today. The very thing that'll take the church out OF THIS WORLD, WHICH IS THE Holy Ghost, has become a stumbling block to the world." And the more they see it, the more they make fun of it, the more they persecute it, the more they despise it. You let one of these little girls go around filled with the Holy Ghost, wearing dresses in school, people make fun of them and persecute them, but they'll still wear them. You know why? Because they're filled with the Holy Ghost. They've entered into an eternal rest. They found a place with God. AND THERE AIN'T NOTHING IN THIS WORLD THAT COULD CAUSE THEM TO DO ANYTHING DIFFERENT. There ain't no persecution. There ain't no There ain't no peer pressure. THERE AIN'T NOTHING IN THIS WORLD THAT COULD change it BECAUSE THEY'VE BEEN SEALED IN WITH GOD INTO A place of rest. AND THE WORLD HAS NO CONTROL OVER THEM BECAUSE THEY'RE RESTING in the word of God. They're resting in the ark of safety. And I know it, friends, but the world looks at it. It's a stumbling block to them. Well, I it's a stumbling. They don't want nothing to do with the Holy Ghost. They don't want nothing to do with the spirit of God. THEY THEY DON'T WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH the move of the spirit. They don't LIKE THAT THAT SPEAKING in tongues and dancing in the spirit and running up and down the aisles AND SHOUTING AND THEY DON'T LIKE THAT KIND OF CHURCH. &gt;&gt; They don't like that kind of church. Said it's a stumbling block to them. Said, but the very thing that killed the unbelieving world is what saved Noah. And it's the same thing today. The thing that the world is turning down, it'll take the church up because it's the Holy Spirit that'll take the church into the rapture. &gt;&gt; Brother Brian, the world don't want it. But you know what? We're resting in it. They may not want it. I got news for you this morning. Can I say I'm resting in it? In other words, as the music players come, I'm not worried about my salvation. &gt;&gt; I don't go to sleep at night worried about if I'm going to be lost whenever I wake up. I'm not worried about salvation. You say you you say that arrogant. No, I say that. I say that by the blood of Jesus Christ. Not on my own merit. I've never done anything to deserve it. I know I'm not worthy, but I'm not worried about my salvation. I'm resting in it. You say, "Why? I'm not worried about eternal life." Because God didn't call us to worry about it. HE CALLED US TO ACCEPT MERCY. He called us to accept grace. I I'VE ACCEPTED THE SPIRIT OF GOD. AND THEN THEN IT'S THE SPIRIT OF GOD IN you that does the work. &gt;&gt; That's what'll take you into a rapture. &gt;&gt; That's what'll help you overcome the pressures of life. That's what'll help you whenever you make a mistake. And don't don't take me wrong and think that a person filled with the Holy Ghost can't make a mistake because you can. &gt;&gt; They can. But they'll make it right real fast. &gt;&gt; They won't stay in it because there's something on the inside of them says it ain't wrong. And if you'll listen to that voice instead of the voices that's in your ear, then you'll find yourself right with God. &gt;&gt; Because I'm going to tell you this, everything we do said, "Well, it ain't going to change salvation. I believe you belong to God. You will. You'll always be there. But you'll pay for everything you do in this life. You'll pay for it. It'll it'll cost you. It'll cost you testimony. It'll cost you it cost you great things in this life. It'll cost you. Says, "See, but I I'm not worried about salvation. Not worried about those cuz I've been called into a place of rest." I wonder how many of you stand to your feet say, "I accept his mercy. I accept grace. I accept the spirit of God." Friends, can I just tell you this? If you're still trying to make it on your own merit, can I just tell you what Jesus said? He said, "In this place is one greater than the temple. We ain't going to make it on our own merit, but there's one that's greater than the temple. There's one that's greater than a ritual. And he said he is the Lord of the Sabbath. He's the authority of the Sabbath. He's the the ruler over the Sabbath. Friends, let me just say this this morning as we end this. I believe we should go to church on Sunday. I believe that the Holy Ghost goes to church. We don't skip church to go fishing and hunting and working. Brother Bam said it was a sin to skip church to go fishing and working and hunting. He said I believe it's a sin to do that. Said we go to church because we're worshippers. Now if you're you know he makes a in in question answers makes a statement well if people's out somewhere and in the wilderness or whatever hunting there ain't a church to go to. Well that well then then I understand you go fishing on there. He said because you're out there doing it there. There ain't nothing wrong with that. But if you would skip church to go do it. Maybe your oxy in the ditch and you have to go work and you can't go to church so you have to work. That's one thing. But if you skip church to work, well, I'll just do it on Sunday so I can play basketball today. I'll just put that off to Sunday. I'll work Sunday. So, see, well then you're you're not you're not obeying the Lord. Said, but we come to church and we we go to church because we're worshippers. We come to worship. We come to feed on the word and we come to have fellowship with God and fellowship around the word of God. Isn't that right? That's what Paul said. He said, "Come unto me all you that are heavy laden and I will give you rest." Or or or Paul, he said he said, "Forsake not assembling yourselves together as a manner of some is, but exhort one another and so much more as you see that day approach." It means to come and encourage one another. &gt;&gt; So, we come to church, we assemble ourselves, we encourage one another in the word of God. And although this Sunday is a type of the Sabbath, Brother Wesley, it's not our true Sabbath. That true Sabbath that we live in, we ought to enter into it every day of the week. It ought to be a place that we live and a place that we dwell. Said the Holy Ghost is the rest, not Sunday. That ain't the rest day. The Holy Spirit is the rest day. Sabbath means rest. And this is the rest to the soul. You have an eternal rest. My isn't that wonderful? A rest from your burdens. &gt;&gt; That's what Jesus offered us. A rest from our burdens. You realize that you was born with a burden. You were born with a yoke of sin upon you when you was born in this life, brother Ben. And you know what? You went through this whole life just dragging that old yoke around. Can you imagine born with that? You know how ox they put that yolk on them to to drag a wagon around. You imagine we're born with that old yoke just dragging around our whole life with that yoke of sin on us. You said, "Let me tell you why the people of God, they they they get so free in the house of God whenever they find Jesus is because whenever you find Jesus, he said, "Your yoke is easy and your burden is light." &gt;&gt; He said, "PUT YOUR YOKE UPON ME. CAST YOUR BURDEN UPON ME AND I'LL GIVE YOU REST." NO WONDER THEY SHOUT IN THE HOUSE OF GOD. NO WONDER THERE'S FREEDOM IN THE HOUSE OF GOD. NO WONDER THEY WORSHIP GOD LIKE THEY DO. CUZ I KNOW WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO CARRY AN OLD BURDEN AND A YOKE OF SIN UNTIL I MET THE ONE THAT I COULD CAST MY BURDEN UPON. AND NOW MY BURDEN IS LIGHT. THEREFORE, I'M FREE. AND WHO THE SON HAS SET FREE IS FREE INDEED. THAT'S WHY I SHOUT. THAT'S WHY I PRAISE GOD. THAT'S WHY I WORSHIP THE WAY I DO. THAT'S WHY I DEDICATE MY TIME TO THE LORD. &gt;&gt; I GIVE BACK TO HIM BECAUSE HE MADE MY BURDEN EASY. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. He gave me an eternal rest, &gt;&gt; a place of rest. &gt;&gt; I can't be lost. You can try to send me to hell if you want to, but Jesus done made a way. You can you can you CAN TRY TO TO TRY TO TO BRING ME DOWN IF YOU WANT TO, BUT HE DONE PAVED THE WAY. &gt;&gt; Sin can't take you. The devil can't take you. &gt;&gt; Lies can't take you. YOUR PAST CAN'T take you. It has no authority &gt;&gt; because Jesus said, "I am the Lord of the Sabbath." Devil ain't got no say in it at all. My Isn't it wonderful? &gt;&gt; Say, "I my burden's gone." How many lift their hand? Say, "My burden's gone." If you if it isn't gone, friends, let me invite you this morning. Can I give you the invitation that Jesus made? Come unto me, all of you that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest. Won't you bow your heads this morning? Maybe you come here looking for that heavy laden, but I'll give you rest. God bless you, sis. God bless you, brother. Say, "Brother man, I pray you remember me this morning. I'd like to lay these burdens." God bless your hands all over the building. I'd like to lay these burdens. If God has given us a place of rest, I don't want to carry that no more. Every yoke, every burden, I don't want to carry that. But he's given us a place to lay it down. Let's just pray. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, what a tremendous gift that you've given us, Lord. Lord, a place to lay our burdens down, God, that we would no longer carry this yoke, Lord, that's the devil would put on the children of God, Lord. It just seems like it's such an age of pressure and just a just a terrible age, Lord, and God, great pressures and Lord. But we just ask you, Lord, this morning, Lord, that you would come to each one of these, Lord. Here, our hands are raised, God. I pray, Lord, that they would do just what the scripture said. Lord, that by lifting of their hands and surrendering, Lord, may they surrender the yoke that they're carrying. Lord, may you take it upon yourself, Lord, as you gave us an invitation. Come unto me all you that are heavy laden. Lord, I just pray, Lord, that you would take it and give back a rest. Lord, take the burden and return it with a rest. Lord, I just ask you this morning, Lord, you'd give a refilling to every one of those, Lord. God, a refreshing in the presence of God, a refilling of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. God, restore our zeal, Lord, this morning. God, make our burden light. We thank you for it now. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Isn't he wonderful &gt;&gt; this morning? Well, you could lock me up in a prison and throw away the key. You could take away my vision that these eyes that now I see. for you can deprive me of the food that I eat and even by my hands and feet. But as long as I know Jesus, I know that I can still go free. That I can still go free. Tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand. He put my name in his I stand like a king to defeat his throne. Take the road of flesh and boneless to calary. The blood shed on my heart that I could still go free. &gt;&gt; That I could still go free. A kind of man reach out his hand and do this for me. Unworthy to live, &gt;&gt; not to kill on the cross. He my name in his will. and said that &gt;&gt; I could still go &gt;&gt; stand a king his throne to take home. and worth feel. And later on down that holy path to Calary. Oh, the blood shed my pardon. I could still go free. &gt;&gt; Oh, I can still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. I'm so unworthy to live and not fit to kill, but a man on the cross for my name came in his will and said that I could still go free. Oh well, I never could quite understand this one thing. Tell me why a king would want to leave his throne. Just to put on the robe of an earthly man and to feel the pain of common flesh and bone. Listen what he did now. or to later walk down that lonely path. They led to dark calary. with all the blood that he shed. It's time I pardon and said that I could still go free. I say that I can still go free. Tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. So unworthy to live yet not fear to kill. put a man on the cross. He put my name in his will and said that I can still go free. Can I sing this verse one more time? Oh, I never could quiet. What a thing it is. Understand this one thing. Tell me why a king would want to leave his throne. Just to put on the robe of an earthly man and feel the pain of common flesh and bone. more than to later walk down that lonely path that leads to dark Calary. Oh, but those blood red stains, they broke all of my chains. And I know I I can still go free, but I say that I can still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of man &gt;&gt; reach down his hand and do this for me. I'm so unworthy to live yet not fit to kill. But then a man on the cross, he wrote my name in his will and said that I can still go free. Amen. How many's free this morning? I said, how many's free this morning? How many's found a place of rest? Amen. What a eternal rest. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? We don't have to worry about tomorrow cuz I found my rest. Brother Roy, it's it's it's wonderful. Many years ago, you've been serving the Lord. How many how many years you've been serving God? 50 years. 50 plus years he found rest 50 years ago. I pray that's my testimony. 50 years ago I found a place of rest and it's kept me through trials and problems and persecution and all kinds of things that we all go through but it's kept you 50 years. Him and Sister Judy sat here elders in the church kept them all this time. Oh listen young people. If it can keep them 50 years, I got news for you, it can keep you 50 years. &gt;&gt; And not only will it keep them 50, you know, say it doesn't matter how many years it is, by the way, because it's an eternal rest. &gt;&gt; So no matter how long we go in this life, it's an eternal rest. And that same thing that's kept them for 50 years is the same thing that one day they'll be walking just like this and take one more step right out of this dimension into another dimension because it's a place of rest. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Isn't he wonderful this morning? You love the Lord. Brother Brian, would you come? Amen. Appreciate Brother Brian. And he's going to be preaching for us for long. Amen. We sure appreciate his ministry. He's been a big big help to the church. And Amen. God bless you. But our hearts, Lord, what words could we say to you, Lord? Lord, but that we love you, Lord. Lord, and you sent your precious word unto us, Lord. Lord, what more can we say, Lord, you pulled us into your rest, Lord. Lord, you come seeking after us, Lord, and you found us, Lord, right where you knew you would find us, Lord. Lord, and we love you, Lord. Lord, that our our lives, Lord God, would exemplify all that you are, Lord. Lord, that we manifest all that you are, Lord. Lord, that we have love one for another, Lord. Lord God, if there's anything, Lord God, that's that's driven a wedge between us, Lord, dissolve it today, Lord, that we could we could lift up your name with holy lips, Lord, with holy hands, Lord, that we could truly say we have love one for another, Lord. Lord Jesus, I ask you, Lord, Lord, that you would bless our pastor, Lord, and strengthen him, Lord Jesus, for the work before him, Lord. Lord, in the ministry, Lord, that's sent out from this place, Lord. Lord God, that you would make it so bountiful, Lord, all of heaven would shout and praise and glorify your name, Lord, I ask you for the musicians, Lord. Lord, their service unto your kingdom. I pray you would bless them, Lord, and bless their household. bless their children, their grandchildren, Lord, for their service unto you, Lord. Lord God, and for the saints that gather here this morning and always, Lord, that Lord, you would give them their heart's desire, Lord. Lord, to draw closer to you, Lord. Lord, and that you would bless each home that's represented here, Lord. Not only here present, but those on the hookup, Lord. Lord, you're the same Holy Ghost here as you are there, Lord. And I ask you, Lord, such an outpouring of your Holy Spirit daily, Lord. Father God, that we could be reminded of your sacrifice, Lord. Lord, the pain you felt for us, Lord, that we would have life and have it more abundantly, Lord. Lord, I ask all these things, Lord, that you would bless these precious people, Lord, more than they could ever contain, Lord. Lord, I ask it in your precious name, Jesus. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Remember our service Wednesday, Brother Andrew will be back home preaching for us Wednesday night. So, God bless you as you go. Well, as I travel through this sink, there is a friend who watches me through this sink and sand. It is the cross of Calary. This will be my prayer, dear Lord, each day. Help me do the bless I can. Oh, I need thy life to guide me day and night. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Jesus, hold my hand. Lord, I need thee every hour. And through this sinking sand, won't you protect me by thy saving power? And this will be my prayer deliver. Oh Lord, look down, look down on down. Oh, when I kneel in prayer, I hope to meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Make me travel in the light divine that I may see the blessed day. Keep me there. &gt;&gt; I may be holy thine and sing redemption song someday. I will be a soldier brave and true ever firmly. I'm going to take my stand. And as I go and me blessed Jesus, won't you hold my hand? But I said, "Jesus, &gt;&gt; hold my hand. Lord, I need you every hour through this land sinking sand. Won't you protect me by thy saving power? This will be my prayer. Oh Lord, look down on me. When I kneel in prayer, I hope to meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand.
