################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-08 - Bro. Josh Martin | Faith Is Our Victory | 9-7-25 - Josh Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-08
Title:   Bro. Josh Martin | Faith Is Our Victory | 9-7-25
Speaker: Josh Martin
Church:  Grace Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWCvC50S6Ws
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. Let's all stand and just welcome him today. Oh, and welcome Holy Spirit. I know that we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. You're the living water. For you're the living water. My never flying fountain. Oh my comforter and counselor. Oh, take complete control. Oh, and welcome, Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. Oh, let's just sing it once more now. Oh, and welcome, Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of Oh, we lift our hands to worship. Oh, we lift our hands to worship. [Music] Oh, holy spirit, holy one. Come into this temple and hold us in your arms. Oh, and welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, fill us with your power. Hold him inside of me. Oh, is that your prayer this morning that he would just come and you could be a temple for him to dwell in? It's certainly good to be gathered in the house of the Lord. Brother David Paul, will you open the service in a word of prayer? [Music] [Music] Oh, the splendor of the king. Oh, he's clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. Oh, he wraps himself in light. Oh, when darkness tries to hide. Oh, trembles at his voice, trembles at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Sing the chorus once more is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great? Oh, how great is our God. Second verse now. Oh, and days to age he stand. Oh, and time is in his hand. Oh, beginning and the end. Beginning and the ending. Oh the god three in one. Oh father's feet son. Oh l high in the lamb. The lion and the lamb. Oh how great is our God. Oh sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, oh how great is our God now. Oh land and sea he stands. Oh and open book in hand revealing the son of man. Revealing the son of man. Oh, uniting time has come. Oh, the bride and Christ are one. And soon we're going home. Soon we're going home. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, oh, how great is our God. Sing it again now. Great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see. How great. Oh, how great is our God. always great and greatly to be praised this morning. You may have your seats today. We just want to welcome each and every one of you. I know we have some handful of visitors across the room. I don't know your name, but we just welcome you and ask you just enter in and worship with us. How are you free this morning? What song was that? For a long time I traveled. [Music] For a long time I traveled. [Music] pulled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy. S I sang. Then I heard about Jesus. [Applause] Oh, what a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out through his saving power. [Music] Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Oh, I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Save from his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out to show me the way. Oh, like a bird out of prison. [Music] Oh, that's taken his life. Oh, like a blind man that God gave back his son. like a poor wretched figure has found fortune and fame. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out to his holy name. Oh, thank God I am free. Yes, I'm free from this world of sin. Oh, been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Yes, I'm saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Sing the course once more. Oh, thank God I am free. Oh, I'm free from this world of sin. Oh, been washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Oh, I'm saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Oh, if you're thankful to be free, why don't you give him a hand clap of praise? [Applause] Once like a bird in prison, I dwell. Oh, no. Freom from my sorrow I fell. But then Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God, he set me free. Oh, when he set me free. Yes, he set me free. And he broke the bond of prison for me. And I'm glory bound. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, now I am climbing higher each day. And darkness of night has drifted away. And my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God. I'm overbound. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of rising [Applause] now. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Go goodbye to sin and things I confound. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying to and glory to God I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of prison for me and I'm going my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, goodbye to sin and things that come about. For not of this world shall turn me around. Oh, daily I'm working and I'm praying too. And glory to God, I'm going through. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bond of risen for me. And I'm glory now. My Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of risen for me. And I'm glory bound by Jesus to see. Oh, glory. Oh, let's all stand this morning. Well, then I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh Jesus said, sing it again now. I'm so glad. [Music] Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Oh Satan had me bound. Oh and Satan had me bound. But my Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan have me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan, have me bound, but my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven and I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh, sing it again now. Oh yes. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. And I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Singing glory as the brothers come for offering. I'm singing I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Yes. I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. Amen. Brother Travis, you pray over the [Music] And victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Well, and I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today is mine. I'm singing, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today. Oh, joy is mine. Oh, and joy is mine. Yes, joy is mine. Oh, joy today is mine. Oh, and I told Satan to get thee behind his joy today. Oh, when I woke this morning, oh, and when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that my Lord would bring me out. Oh, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got up singing and shout the victory. I'm singing victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory today is mine because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory. Oh, let's sing that first verse once more. You see now when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that my Lord would bring me out. Oh, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I got up singing and shout the victory. I'm singing, "Victory is mine." Yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. Oh, it is mine. Because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today. Oh, healing is mine. Yes. And healing is mine. Oh, healing is mine. Oh, healing today is mine. Because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, healing today. The Holy Ghost and the Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. You see, I told Satan to get thee behind the Holy Ghost. Oh, I think victory is mine. Is your choice come? Oh, victory is mine. Yes, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. Oh, it is mine because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory. I'll sing it just once more now. I'm singing, "Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine." Because I told Satan to get thee behind. Oh, victory today. Oh, if you got the victory, why don't you give him a hand of praise this morning? [Music] [Music] So speak the word Lord my ears long to hear you. Speak the word, Lord. My heart aches to know. Speak the word, Lord. I'll be what you'd have me to be. Speak the word, Lord. Lord and your serant will go. [Music] It's a foreign battlefield where I finally find your will. That is where I long to be. In the desert without a dream on some ship about to sink. Lord, I'll go if you'll just speak to me. [Music] Speak the word, Lord. My ears long to hear you. Speak the word, Lord, for my heartaches to know. Speak the word, Lord. I'll be what you'd have me to be. Just speak the word, Lord. Your serant will go. [Music] There's been times that I complain as life rubbed against the grain. I recall those times you took me to my knees. There's one thing I can do. So I still give this thanks to you. That was you, Lord, who took my cross to Calary. [Music] So speak the word, Lord. My ears long to hear you. Oh, speak the word, Lord. My heart to know. [Music] Speak the word, Lord. I'll be what you'd have me to be. Oh, thank you, Lord. Speak the word Lord and your servant will go. [Music] So speak the word Lord. Oh speak the word Lord. my heartaches to know. [Music] Speak the word, Lord. I'll be what you have me to be. [Music] So speak the word, Lord, for your serant will go. [Music] [Applause] Can you say amen to that this? &gt;&gt; Amen. Just be like that Roman centurion before Jesus. He just said Jesus said, "I'll come and heal him." And all he said, "Just speak the word, Lord." If you have a need this morning, may I just say, "Speak the word, Lord, and I'll listen." And I sing that little song, Heart of Worship. Heart of Worship. Oh, when the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply come. Oh, longing just to bring something that's of worth that will bless your heart. Oh, will you bringing more than a song? I'll bring you more than a song. before us all get is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Oh, sing a verse now. King of endless words. No one could express how much you deserve. Though I'm weak and I'm bor. Oh, all I have is yours. Every single breath. Oh, I'll bring you more than a song. for a song in itself is not what you have required. Oh, you search much deeper within through the way things have been. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all Oh, let's sing that second verse again. Oh, king of endless word. Oh, no one could express how much you deserve. Though I'm weak and I'm bored, Lord, all I have is yours. Every single breath. Oh, I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in a sing is not what you have required. Oh, you search much deeper within through the way things have been. You're looking in or will you just stand and worship him this morning? I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Lord, it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made when it's all about you. I'm coming back. I'm coming back to the Lord. [Music] It's all about you. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made it. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. Oh, it's all about How many says that this morning? Sorry, Lord, for the things I made it. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. [Music] King of endless days. How much you deserve. Though I'm weak and poor. All I have is yours. Every single bread. I'll bring you more than a song. for a song in itself not what you have required. Amen. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. Looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Amen. Is that your heart this morning? Bible says, "Here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord, and thou shalt love the Lord with all thy heart and all thy soul." Amen. We don't just come to worship to make a noise or just to lift our hands or to speak a word, but from our heart is where our worship comes from this morning. Amen. How many loves the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? We said it's good to be in the house of the Lord. We have brother Josh Martin with us this morning from Oklahoma. He's going to be speaking for us and been having him uh scheduled for this weekend for a while. So, we're looking forward to what God has in store. I sure love Brother Josh and it's always been a blessing every time that he's been here and and he he's kind of a little bit on fire. So, uh he he he's going to preach and we're just going to have church. Amen. So, amen. We just we just love good gospel preaching and and so we sure appreciate him coming. We want to remember in prayer prayer requests here for brother Randall this morning and also for brother Tom Allen. has been sick in his body and uh asking the church for prayer. So also remember uh Lillian as well and her doctor appointment is on Tuesday uh supposed to go back. So just keep remember her in prayer and maybe if anybody else has a need on their heart just lift your hand to the Lord and I know God is certainly mindful of what we have need of this morning. So let's just bow our heads together and ask him to come. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just thank you for an opportunity just to come and fellowship around the word of God. And Lord, how we love you, Lord. We thank you for your word. And Lord, how you've been so good to us, Lord. And we just ask you that you would help each one of these, Lord. Those needs that have been written. And Lord, the hands that have been raised, Lord, you know every heart and what we have need of, Lord. You know every trouble, every financial, every family trouble. Lord, every every sickness, it doesn't matter what it is, Lord. You know all things. And Lord, we just rely upon you this morning to come and meet the needs of your people. Lord, we just ask you and we give you the liberty to have your way in this service, Lord. And then we'll give you the glory for all that's done. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. How many can say that God's done something for you this morning? Amen. How many can say God's done something for you? Amen. Isn't he a He's a wonderful God and he's worthy of our praise. Amen. I just love the Lord. I always uh have a a thanks in my heart for what God has done. And Amen. So we we want to sing that. You're playing there. I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, God has been so good to me. I mean, testify that this morning when I think of all he's done and where he's brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. till I know when I look around and see all the good things that he's done for me. I know I'm not worthy of them all. But I know his blessings he freely gives. And I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. He's been so very good to me. Oh, when I think of all that my God has done and where I'm from, I've got so much to thank him for. Well, I know sometimes while on this way, I just stop and I kneel and pray. Thank you Lord for all that you have done for me. And I know when I reach heaven shore, let me Lord near once more. Cuz I've got Thank you, Lord. So much to thank him for. Oh, I've got so much to thank him for. to praise him for. He's been so very good to me. Oh, when I think of all that my God has done. Oh, I've got so much to thank him for. As we invite our brother Josh to come. Well, I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. He's been [Music] all done. [Music] So much to pray for. Can we sing that one more time now, much [Music] so good to me. [Music] Hallelujah. and where he's brought me from. [Music] Hallelujah. M4. Can you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Has he been good to you? Giving you breath in your lungs, health in your body, wonderful church family, the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; Amen. What else could he give us except the body change? And I believe that's that's coming right upon us. And one morning we're going to wake up for the last time, fight our last mind battle. And what a glorious day that is going to be. Well, God bless you this morning. It is good to be here with y'all today. I appreciate the invite and opportunity to be ministering. I pray something will be said to be a blessing today. If you would have your scriptures, let's open our Bible to 1 John 4:9. I'm going to read that down to the 10th verse. than 1 John 5 and2 bring greetings from our home church. Our pastor, brother Wendel Martin, and the saints there send their greetings. My family's not with me this time, so you'll have to forgive me. We got a baby coming here in a month or so, and so she is staying close to home there. We got two kiddos right now, which are pretty honory. And so, uh, uh, traveling while you're nice and pregnant with two toddlers ain't too very fun. So, you just have to forgive us this morning. But first John 4:9, in this was manifested the love of God towards us, because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him. Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent a son to be the propitiation for our sins. In 1 John 5:2, by this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments, and his commandments are not grievious. For whatsoever is born of God overcomemeth the world, and this is the victory that overcomemeth the world, even our faith. Amen. Can we bow our heads this morning? Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, how humbled we are to come into your presence today, Lord, as we feel you drawing near us this morning. We ask that you would just feel welcome here among us today. Lord, you know the desires of the hearts and the the needs of your people. Father, we ask that you would just as the word would come forth, may it be inspired by your spirit. Lord, may it strengthen the hearts of your people and courage. Father, those who need healing in the body, Lord, I ask that you would come in a mighty way today. Father, we commit the service into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated this morning. I just have a simple thought, but it would be uh faith is our victory. And brother Brandham, he he would tell us that faith and love work together. He would say in the message perfect faith here, just like a young couple, you take a young man and a young woman and they they're in love. They fall in love one with another. As they begin to go along and begin to know one another more, their hearts just begin to beat as one. See, yet they're not husband and wife yet, but their love binds them together and they have confidence one and another. Now, if they really love one another, really love, and you know this girl loves you and she knows you love her, you've got confidence. He says, faith in one another. And if you got faith in one another, he says, if you didn't, you better not marry her. See, notice you have you have to have faith and you separate them. put one in the extreme south, one in the extreme north, and there's still the love that beats for one another. No matter where they're at, they're just as true to one another as they can be because they love one another. And he says, "And if you love the Lord, not just trying to dodge hell, but you love the Lord, then you have faith in God." See, if you love him. And I think that is incredible. You're not just trying to dodge hell or or escape the tribulation, but there's a love there. And and he would talk about the a young couple that if you know she loves you and she knows you love her, then there's confidence one in another. So love is more than just a lip service or more than just words. But love has actions behind it. And so whenever you love one another, there's actions that follows it. And so I believe the love of God is more than just a a theology. But the love of God has an expression where we can feel the love of God which produces a confidence in our life towards the word of God. And brother Brandon would talk about the couple that would would get married and he was a new Christian and she she was a Christian for some time and he she would tell him if you ever fall into sin, you ever uh fall into some things, don't run away from home, but come back to me and we'll pray together and we'll find our way to Calvary. And this man was eating lunch with his buddies and would would tell him, "How can I portray a love like that? How can I ever do anything wrong with a love like that? He knew that it was more than just words. But there was an expression that even if I do fall, she's going to be there. But why would I do it when there's an expression there? And so I believe that the love is expressive towards us. But our love towards God is expressive as well. Because many times we love God, we love God, but there's an expression if there's a true love there. And the Bible would tell us in John 14:5, if you love me, keep my commandments. In other words, there's actions behind that love. And and what's incredible is you can't put the love of God there. Only God can put the love there. And so, if God is calling you and has placed the love there, just follow the leadership of that predestinated scene. If it's pulling you to the word of God, let that love be expressive and just follow what God is calling you to do. And brother Brandon would say in total deliverance. We are men and women. We're also Christians. If he's our example, let us completely deliver ourselves into the hands of the Holy Ghost that we might be subjects of the kingdom of God. And I love that quote because he he recognizes we are men and we're women. But then he stops and he says we're also Christians. I like that because many times we use our humanity as excuses. How many's ever been there? You lose a temper. Well, I'm just human. You know, you you you tell a little lie. Well, I'm just human. You do this. Well, I'm just human. Brother Brandham says we're men and women, but we're also Christians. So, don't forget, even though you're in fallen flesh, the Apostle Paul would say, we're not subject to the flesh. We're not debtors to the flesh any longer. So even though we're in a fallen human being if there's a love there, let that love be expressive. But how do you express the love that God places there? Brother tell us, let us completely deliver oursel into the hands of the Holy Ghost, which is a hard thing to do sometimes, ain't it? Because we have our own our our rights. And brother Brandon would tell us that that that that the man likes to be in control. And he would say to prove that you get in a car with somebody and you're in the passenger seat. He says you're telling them to turn here, turn there. You're pumping the brakes trying to slow the car down. He says that proves man likes to be in control. But in order to surrender yourself to the hands of the Holy Ghost, you have to forfeit all of your rights. Oh, come on now. But that is a hard thing to do. But once you forfeit your rights, then you become a subject of the kingdom of God. So even though we're walking in legisa, we're subject of another kingdom. And this kingdom, there is no end to it. And so why would I want to be subject to this flesh when there's another kingdom that is calling me up higher that if I can surrender myself to the to the love of God, then I can be a subject. And brother Brandham Matelis, you forfeit all of your rights to the kingdom of God's sake. And so I think that that is incredible because if you want to see the devil get nervous, forfeit your life to him. If you want to see him get get nervous and and lose every hold on your life, forfeit all of your rights, forfeit all of your opinions, forfeit what you think is right, and you watch the devil get nervous cuz you remember that with Goliath was boasting against the children of Israel. And what's incredible is brother Brandham would tell us that when the devil thinks he has the upper hand, then he's going to boast against you. And the reason why he Goliath was boasting because he knew there wasn't a man that could stand up against him. But then there was a David that would say, you know, who's this uncircumcised Philistine? And you notice that once Goliath was brought into subjection, it was no longer the Philistines chasing the Israelites, but now the Israelites was chasing the Philistines. How come their greatest weapon was brought into subjection? Then once that happened then the enemy got nervous. Brother Brandham would tell us who's your greatest enemy? Not your neighbor, not even the devil, but you're your greatest enemy. So once you bring the body into subjection, which is the devil's greatest weapon against you, that's when the devil gets nervous. That's why he don't want you to surrender yourself to the hands of the Holy Ghost because it's no longer him chasing you, but now you're chasing him. Oh, when I say that in a meeting like this morning, we can put every spirit on the run this morning. We can put every depression on the run this morning because it's not what we can do. We're surrendering oursel to another kingdom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We're surrendering oursel to another kingdom. You can look at 1st Samuel 17 and 51. Therefore David ran and stood upon the Philistine and took his sword and drew it out of the sheath thereof and slew him and cut off his head therein. And when the Philistines saw the champion was dead, they fled. Oh my. Whenever the devil sees that you bring your body into subjection, they will flee. Submit yourself to God. Resist the devil and he shall eat. Before you can you can resist the devil, you got to submit yourself. Oh, hallelujah. You got to deliver yourself to the hands of the Holy Ghost. And that you have to do that even after you're born again. The Apostle Paul would tell us, "I keep my body and bring it under subjection." Listen, when I preach to others, I myself should be a cast away. It was a dying daily. Brother Brand was it was a delivering up daily. Jesus would say, "Take up your cross daily." and follow me. So even when you're born again, you have to deliver yourself into the hands of the Holy Ghost. And brother Brandon would talk about Moses and how that he would completely surrender himself to the hands of God and he would be delivered from sheep hurting to to hurt God's sheep. So before he could hurt God's sheep, he had to surrender himself up to fulfill the purpose of God. Then brother Brandham would tell us that when he would surrender himself then God could trust him. And I thought that was a powerful thing because whenever Moses would come against the Red Sea, what would God say to Moses? Why cry unto me? Speak and go forward. In other words, I've entrusted you with the kingdom. Don't complain about it. Don't cry about it. I've trusted you with something greater than the Red Sea. I've trusted you something greater than the wilderness that you're going to walk through. Why cry unto me? Speak and go forward. You see, too many times we think that we're the only one trusting. But God has placed trust in us as well. That's why he says, "Why cry? Speak and go forward. You You say into this mountain and doubt not, and it will be as you say it." What is it? He's trusted you with the kingdom of God. You're operating in faith and saying, "Satan, out of my way. Depression, out of my way. Anxiety, out of my way." Whatever it is, we've been entrusted with the kingdom of God. Hallelujah. And if you look at the the the life of Job, before Job was ever in the position to say, "God giveth and God taketh away. Blessed be the holy name." God was first trusting him. whenever Satan was roaming to and fro looking for somebody he may devour and it was God that would say have you considered my servant Job and what's incredible is the devil had considered Job because he looked at him and says oh yeah but you got a hedge around him you got this you got that if you take the hedge away he will curse you to your face what would God say do it there's not a man that is more upright than my man which is there upon the earth named Job. So before Job was ever put in a position to trust God, God was already trusting him. Hallelujah. And before you ever go through a trial, God has first entrusted you. Said you can do it. You can prevail. You can overcome. No matter what comes against you, I'm entrusting you with an authority to prevail. That's why you can't give up when you're in the hard times. You've got the authority of the kingdom behind you. Get some faith about you and say, "Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world." &gt;&gt; You've been entrusted with the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He knows how much he can trust you. Brother Brandon would say, "Job didn't question. He fell on his face and worshiped God." Hallelujah. He said, "The Lord give and the Lord take him away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." He says, "There you are." God know he can trust Job. And God knows how much he can trust you. Ain't that powerful? The same God that was trusting Job says you can try it, but he's not going to curse me. Is the same God that is trusting you. That's why he would say there's going to be a bride without spot and without wrinkle. There's going to be an overcomer in this last age. He's put confidence in you. It's his love expressing itself and and relaying his confidence saying you can do it. Even when the times get hard, I trust you. And what's incredible as brother Brandon would tell us, many people think the love of God is a parental love with no suffering. But he says that's not true. He says his love is an elective love. So in other words, his love won't keep you from the hard times, but it keeps you in the hard times. Hallelujah. His elective love don't go away when you're in the lion's d, but his love expresses itself and becomes the becomes the angel that will steal the lion's mouth. You see, God didn't pull Daniel out of the lion's den, but he came and was in the midst of it with him. Oh, come on now. God may not pull you out of the trial, but he gives grace to endure. You see, his love expresses itself. He might not yank you out of it, but he comes and he becomes the fourth man in the fire. Come on now. You see, you can look at the Apostle Paul. The Bible would tell us that the devil would come and buffet him. Brother Brandon would tell us that there is blow after blow. And then the Apostle Paul would say, "There's a thorn in my flesh." Y'all remember him talking about that? And what I think is incredible is the Apostle Paul types him as something in the flesh. And that's what the devil comes and he attacks is your flesh. He knows he can't get your soul. The Bible says we're sealed till the day of our redemption. So if you're ever filled with the Holy Ghost, he can never get your your soul, but he can still tempt your flesh. Right? Our flesh is never saved. That's why you got to bring your body into subjection. But here the Apostle Paul said, "There's a thorn in my flesh." And he cries unto the Lord three times, "Take this affirmity from me." And what would God say to him in my and your weakness, my strength can be made perfect? My grace is sufficient for thee. So he didn't take the thorn out of his flesh, but he gave him grace to endure. Hallelujah. He might not take the thorn out of your flesh, but he gives you grace to endure. It says love being expressive. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And saying, "My love is elective even though you're in the midst of decision, in the valley of temptation. Here's grace to endure." &gt;&gt; Oh, and all we can do is trust the grace. And and it's incredible because the Bible the Bible would tell us that Jesus was led into the wilderness to be tempted, right? And what would the devil tempt Jesus with? Bread. How come he had just fasted 40 days and 40 nights? And the Bible says afterward he was a hunger. How come the devil didn't come to him on the first day? Because he wasn't hungry yet. His flesh was strong on the first day, the second day, the third day, but it was the 40th day when his his body was hungry. His his mind was probably playing tricks on him. Then the devil came against his flesh. Turn these stones into bread. What was it? He was tempting his flesh, but Jesus would show us how to fight. But it is written. It is written, then the devil would tempt him again, if thou be the son of God. &gt;&gt; What's incredible is the devil wasn't saying, you're not the son of God, but he was putting the question mark there. And too many times when our flesh is weak, our mind is beaten down, the devil comes with the questions. If you're really the bride, you want to be here. If you was really rapturing material, you wouldn't be going through this thing. He won't tell you you're not the bride, but he puts that question there. But then Jesus said, "But it is also written." And what's incredible is Jesus would have discernment enough to look at him and would say, "You might be twisting scripture just like you did to Eve, but I'm of another breed." Hallelujah. I'm the royal seed of Abraham, and I'm not looking at natural seed of Abraham. This is the royal seed of Abraham. Oh my. Just like the first E fail, you are not going to fall. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Jesus would look at him and say, "But it is also written." It's incredible because Jesus had discernment to look at him and know that he's twisting scripture against him. Because if you're the elect, scripture cannot condemn you. Come on now. You see there's a difference. And and I was preaching there. Remember, brother Andrew was in Czech Republic and this a month and a half or so ago, and this really struck me while I was preaching. There's a difference between conviction and condemnation because the devil comes and condemns you with scripture and beat you down and beat you down. And what condemnation does is it knocks you down and don't show you a way of escape. It don't point you to grace, but conviction, it shows you where you're wrong, but it points you to grace. You see, there's a difference. God does not condemn you. He convicts you. The devil condemns you and says there's no grace. But what would the Apostle Paul would we would say? There was therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. So here the devil was trying to condemn Christ with scripture. If you really are the son of God, you would use the scripture. If you really are the son of God, but there was a discernment to know the scripture cannot condemn me. And we need some more people like that. That when the devil comes and tries to condemn you with scripture, saying, "You've sent your day of grace away. There's no grace for you. You're too far in addiction." That there can be a discernment. And we say, "But it is also written, my name is engraved in the palm of this hand." Hallelujah. I know my sheep, and my sheep know me, and I will not lose a one. &gt;&gt; It's a discernment that when your flesh is weak, we still got confidence in him that he cannot condemn me. &gt;&gt; Come on now. Job knew. And whenever his friends came against him and says, "You're a secret sinner." In other words, they were telling him, "You're under condemnation. The reason these trials is coming against you is because God is condemning you." But he looked and says, "But I'm under the blood of the sacrifice. There's no way I can be condemned." Oh, when the devil comes against you and tries to condemn you. We're under the token. We're under the blood of Jesus Christ. There's no way you can ever be condemned. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Oh, my faith is the victory. Whenever we come against these things, hallelujah, brother Brandon, I'm going to say times may be hard. God has not promised a flowery bed of ease, but he's promised grace sufficient for every trial that can hit you. He says, "That's right. Indeed, grace is sufficient. Not a flowery bed of ease, but he's promised grace to overcome in every temptation." So there there's there's a grace. It's God relaying his confidence to you. And so it ain't but then it ain't just or God having trust in us. But we also have to have trust in him. It was David that would say though he slay me yet I will trust him. He would say if I if I ascend to the heights thou art there. If I make my bed in hell thou ware. It was a trust in God. And and what's incredible is brother Brandon would talk about a young couple that was praying for a baby that was sick. They were they were from Germany and and they were praying for this baby. And the baby would die and and they would call brother Brandon and would say, "Hey, can you come pray for the baby?" A and the doctor would was going to was going to make sure it was still at the hospital for brother Brandon to come and pray for it. But then the Lord would show him a vision and would tell him that this baby is going to die. It's not my will for it to come back to life. And then brother Brandon would tell the couple that and this was the question that this that that this mother would have is that because of the weakness of my faith. And ain't that incredible that when our prayers ain't answered the way we think they should be, the devil comes and condemns you. your your your your faith is too weak or God would have answered you. And brother Brandham says this, "No, you have great faith." He says, "And you still love him." That's real faith. He says, "Anybody when mountains are moving and things can have faith, but let it go backwards one time and see how it works." That's when you prove whether you've got faith or not. &gt;&gt; Oh my. So anybody can have faith when the mountains are moving. But what about when it's just grace? &gt;&gt; Come on. Now, what about when it go when God ain't pulling you out, but he's given you grace to endure? Your faith still has to remain. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Brother Brandon would say this here. Excuse me. He would say, "So this morning, I say this, friends. After 31 years of ministry, 31 years of tolls on the field, I want to make this my testimony. I've seen disappointments. I've seen times I've asked for things, cried for things, begged for things, and fail to get them. But if I would just wait patiently upon God, then I know that a works just exactly right, comes out just exactly right, does exactly the right things. And so faith is patient. You remember whenever Daniel was praying for 21 days? Y'all remember that story? And God, well, brother uh uh Daniel thought God wasn't answering his prayer. But then after the 21st day, bear with me on my voice. I'm sorry. After the 21st day, the angel would come to Daniel and would say, "God heard you the first day, but I have been fighting through the prince of the power of the air." And what's incredible is what if Daniel would have given up on the 15th day. &gt;&gt; What if his faith was only mountain moving faith and not patient faith? &gt;&gt; Come on now. We need mountain moving faith, but we also need patient faith. &gt;&gt; Because what would the Bible tell us? That then the angel will begin to talk to Daniel. And what would Daniel say? I was strengthened by the words of the angel. So since his faith was patient, when his answer came, it strengthened him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And if you've got patient faith, when the answer comes, it can strengthen. It can guard you up. It can pick you up and say, even though you felt like I did not answer, your answer has been on the way. You just have to be patient. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Your answer might be on the way, but you just have to be patient. &gt;&gt; You see, that's trust. &gt;&gt; That's confidence in the things of God. Excuse me. &gt;&gt; You love him this morning. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You can look there at the uh the three Hebrew boys in Daniel 3:17. They were told to bow down before the image. We all know the story. And what's incredible is they will look to the king and will say our God is more than able to deliver us. But even if he don't, you see the faith was patient. Even if he don't, we would still not bow. And what's incredible as brother Brandon would tell us that God didn't come until they step into the fire. &gt;&gt; Look how patient their faith was. Even if he don't deliver us, we still will not bow. And I believe that is the the the faith of the bride today. Even if he don't pull us out of the trial, I'm not giving up. Even if he don't do it, I'm not giving up. Even brother, I'm going say, even if there ain't if all of this is a hoax, I would still live this life. It's the best life we can ever live. Even even if there ain't a real heaven, this has been the best life that I have ever lived. Even if God don't deliver us, yet we are still trusting him. And then brother Brandon would tell us that real genuine love will create confidence in his word. That's why the apostle Paul would say, "Who shall separate us from the love of God? shall tribulation, shall persecution, peril, sword, nakedness, famine, anything present, anything future, anything the past, nothing can separate us from the love of God or the actions of love. He had yet felt the expression of God's love, which produced a confidence that nothing present or things to come. In other words, that love is in my future. Hallelujah. God is not just the God of your past or the God of your present. He's already in your future. And he gave grace in your future to endure the hardships you go through. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I wish I could preach this morning. You might not know what tomorrow holds, but we know somebody who holds tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He's already in the future. That's why God told Moses at the Red Sea, "Why Christ speak? I've already been there." And that's why I know speak the word and that will split. &gt;&gt; Before Moses was ever in the desert, there was a rock ready to bring forth water. Before there was ever in the wilderness, there was mana to be turned into food. God was already in their future. All they had to do was have patient faith that even when it's hard, grace has already been in my future. And we need some patient faith that God's already been in my tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I might not know how the answer is going to come, but I know it's on the way. &gt;&gt; Why cry speak? Go forward. There's a faith in the love of God. And God's love is personal. And you can look at Revelations 3:19. As many as I love. Brother Brandon would say the emphasis is on the eye. Not as many as loves me, but as many as I love. And that's what's incredible about the love of God. Brother Brandon would teach us there's two different loves, right? There's a filial love and agape love, right? He says filial love is human love. If a man does your wife wrong, he says you're going to go box his jaws in. Right? He says that's human love. But if helio love is if he does your wife wrong, you're going to pray for him. So that's the love of God. Human love is you do me right, I'll do you right. You do me wrong, I'll do you wrong. But God's love is when you was in sin, when you was in iniquity, I still loved you. As many as I love. It's an elective love that even when you backslide, the love of God is there. &gt;&gt; Even when you make mistakes, the love of God is there. Even when you have failures, even when you fall flat on your face, the love of God is still there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Even when we fail and we we turn away from God, his love is still there. That's what I love about the love of God. &gt;&gt; Is there's always time for the prodical son. &gt;&gt; Come on now. There's always time for the prodal daughter. There's always time for that rebellious teenager. That's why you got to have patient faith. &gt;&gt; Even if your daughter is wavered, have patient faith. Even when your son is weward, have patient faith. Because as many as I love, if he loved him before the foundation of the world, there's nothing that can separate him from the love of God. Oh, there's no addiction. There's no there's no attitudes. There's no rebellious spirit can separate a lost loved one from the love of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's why we need patient faith. Hallelujah. And his love is an everlasting love. You look at Jeremiah 31:3. The Lord hath appeared of old unto me, saying, "Yay, I have loved thee with an everlasting love. Therefore, with loving kindness I have drawn thee." I love that scripture. The Lord of old hath appeared unto me. In other words, the one that loved me from before the foundation of the world still loves me now &gt;&gt; with an everlasting love. Then he says with my loving kindness I have drawn thee. What would Jesus say? No man can come unto me unless the father draws him. And so I have drawn them with my loving kindness. What would David say? Thy loving kindness is better than life. So if there's loving kindness drawing you is because you're an elected seed. And if there is a drawing there, you have not sent your day of grace away. You see, because there, brother Brandham would say, if you think you've seen the day of grace, you wouldn't be here, right? There wouldn't be a desire in your heart. That's the loving kindness of God that is drawing you. Even when you feel like you can't take another step, his loving kindness is still pulling you. It's tugging on your heart, saying, "You can't give up now. You can't give in now. My loving kindness is an everlasting love. It's drawing you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And it's incredible because the love of God has made us a special people. You look at First Peter 2:9. But you are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the praises of him who hath called you or hath tugged you, has pulled you out of darkness into his marvelous light, which in times past were not a people, but are now the people of God, which had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy. His loving kindness brought you from a nobody to a somebody. Brought you from somebody bound for hell to bound for a rapture. What was it? We once were nobodies, but now we are the bride of Christ. It was an everlasting love that astrada with his loving kindness. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. In times past had not mercy, but now obtained the mercy of God. In times past had no future, but now we've got a future. In times past had not grace, but now we've got the grace of God. His loving kindness has called us with an everlasting love. How can I not praise him? How can I not have confidence in his word? How can I not? &gt;&gt; He has an expression of love that he's given me. Hallelujah. If anybody's got a right to praise God, it's you. &gt;&gt; You felt this love in the dark times. You felt this love in the hard times. &gt;&gt; What would Jesus say? I'm the good shepherd. Brother Brandon would say there's a difference between a shepherd and a herdsman. Right? He would say a herdsman is with the sheep during the day, but at night he leaves the sheep and goes into his own house. But what would he say the shepherd does? The shepherd's with them during the day, but then at night, he becomes the door. What would Jesus say? I'm the door of the sheep. In other words, in the dark time, he is still with you. &gt;&gt; He's not a herdsman that leaves you in the valley of the shadow of death, but he's a shepherd, the good shepherd that becomes the door. That's why no weapon formed against you shall prosper because he's become the door &gt;&gt; before he can get through to you. He's got to get through the door. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's remember the story in the Old Testament. There was an invading army. I can't remember the the kings or the nations, but it was an invading army that would come in and they were destroying all of the warriors. Destroy the army. And there was some some ladies that would run into a tower and it's incredible because they thought they were safe. They ran into a tower and that invading army would come and would destroy that tower, would kill them all. But then there was a certain woman, a little faith woman that would run into a strong tower. Not just a tower, but a strong tower. And the Bible says that the king would come up against the strong tower and would beat up against the door but couldn't break through the door. And you know what would happen? The Bible says that certain woman would get a piece of a millstone would look out of that tower and would drop it on that invading king's head and would destroy him. And the Bible says the name of the Lord is a strong tower. So, we're not just in a tower. We're in a strong tower. And the devil's beating out the door, but the good shepherd is the door. Hallelujah. You might not be able to quote all of the scriptures or all of the message, but take a piece of a millstone. Take a piece of the word of God or the message of the hour and look out of the strong tower and say, "Devil, this is the last time you're plaguing me today. Hallelujah. It's a certain woman, a faith woman, you see. And we're sitting in a strong tower in times past not a people. And what's incredible is brother Brandon would tell us that there's three kinds of nationalities of people, right? He says there, and it came back from Noah's sons, Ham, Sham, and Japheth. He says there's the Jews, the Samaritans, and the Gentiles. And he would tell us that the Messiah sign would be done to the Jews whenever Christ would discern Nathaniel. Right? Before when he was under the tree, I saw thee. Right? He says that was the Messiah sign to the Jews. Then that same sign would be given to the Samaritans at the woman at the well. Right? You know, call your husband. I don't got a husband. You you spoke the truth. He was deserting her life. Brother Brandon would tell us that the Gentiles were a heathen people. He says they weren't looking for the Messiah. And he says God only comes to those who are looking for him. And I thought my we were a heathen people. Gentiles wasn't even looking for the Messiah. In times past were not a people. But now we are the people of God. We've recognized the Messiah is upon the earth. And brother Brown would say this. you you put yourself into position by recognizing him, he says you're subject now to see greater things. So when you recognize the Messiah, you're subject now to see greater things. And it's incredible because after Philillip or after Christ would discern Nathaniel's heart, he would say, "You are the Christ. I'm going to follow you." And he says, "Because I discern your heart." He says, "But you shall see greater things." In other words, me revealing who you are was my loving kindness drawing you, but now you're subject to see greater things. And us recognizing the Messiah was God drawing us, but now we're subject to see greater things. We're birthed into a kingdom. And brother Brandon was saying, "What is the Messiah?" He says the Messiah is the kingdom of God anointed ones, the anointing them with the same spirit he was anointed with. And the So that that's incredible to me because brother Brandham would tell us in one place that when Christ died, he didn't die. He just birthed the kingdom. What is the kingdom? You are the kingdom. Where's the kingdom of heaven? It's living inside of people walking in fallen flesh that has mistakes that has failures, that has aches and pains, and you have bad days and good days, but yet this kingdom will never be diminished. That's what I love about the things of God is no matter what you go through, it does not shake the plan of God. No matter the bad days, it does not shake the plan of God. No matter the twists and turns you go through, the ups and the downs, it does not shake the kingdom of God. And what's so powerful is we've been translated from one kingdom to another. You can look there at at Colossians 1:13. Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. So, we're walking among darkness, but we've been delivered from the power of it. Hallelujah. You're walking in the flesh, but you've been delivered from the power of it. You're walking in Leoia, but you've been delivered from the power of it. You're walking amongst anxiety and nervousness and high blood pressure, but you've been delivered from the power of it. We've been translated into the kingdom of the dear. is is he his dear son. And brother Brandham would tell us the word translated means to be moved from one position to another. &gt;&gt; So we was in a position of being overcame, but now we're in another position of greater is he that is in you. We was in a position abound for hell. But now we're in another position abound for a rapture. You see, we've been delivered from one kingdom and moved to another kingdom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And what's so powerful is the Bible would tell us about John. Remember John was on the aisle of Patmas, right? And he was in the spirit on the Lord's day. Brother Brandon would say he would get into the spirit and would be transported or moved from one place to another. He was on the aisle of Patmas, but as he would begin to pray, he would get into the spirit and would be moved to the Lord's day. And what would he see while he was in the spirit? And what I think is so powerful is here that the the Bible would say that that he would hear a voice, I'm the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. He was going through all of these things, all these symbols, you know, he he would see a book that was bound and it was bound by seven seals. He would begin to cry because no man was worthy to loosen him the book, not even worthy to look upon the book. So he was crying and then he heard a voice behind him saying, "Weep not John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed to loosen the seals and open the book." He would go from weeping to rejoicing. How come he saw his name upon the book, but where was his body at? Still on the aisle of Pat atmos. Come on. &gt;&gt; Come on now. His body was still being afflicted. His body was still being tormented. And he was still having mind battles. He was still chained up. But in the spirit, he was in the Lord's name. And he could see that even though my body is being tormented, I've been caught up into a strong tower and my name is written upon that book. Your body might be still going through mind battles and headaches and aches and pains, but you've been caught up into heavenly places and there's an open book that you can see your name there &gt;&gt; and say, "Even though my body, even though my body is being tormented, I've got a right to rejoice." You might be going through the hardest trial of your life, but if you can get into the spirit this morning, you've got a right to rejoice. &gt;&gt; You know why? Brother Brandon Matt tell us a pulsation of faith. He says, "Let the pulsation begin to rise up and let it black out all of the things around you till you only see the promises of God." You see, that's what happens when you get into the spirit is the things around you begins to black out and all you can see is the promises of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Could you imagine being John? You're there on the aisle of Patmas. You come out of the vision, but then you can remember I'm the beginning and the end, the alpha and the omega. In other words, before I was upon the aisle of Patmas, he was. And after I'm off the aisle of Patmas, he still will be. And he's the author and the finisher of my faith. So before my trial, he was already working on me. And after this trial, he's still going to be working on me. That's why you can't give up. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Because this earth is going to fade away. We It's already been prophesied. The earth's going to be bombed by Russia. But you're a you're born into another kingdom. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham says it will never be diminished. Jesus would say there shall be no end to this kingdom. &gt;&gt; So even though even though our flesh is beaten down, our spirit is of another kingdom. Our soul is of another kingdom. Hallelujah. And we can bring our body into subjection. You can look at Hebrews 12:28. Wherefore we re we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved. Luke 1:33 and of his kingdom there shall be no end. But the bread must say but the hour has come that every kingdom has to give away because there's a kingdom of God that's established. &gt;&gt; Established not just placed in there but established. In other words, it's going to be there. He says, "Established in the human heart by the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the presence of Jesus Christ and Christ will come to his bride and will set up a kingdom here on the earth that will never be diminished." He says, "How do you get into this kingdom? You were born into. We're baptized into one body. My kingdom," Jesus would say, "My kingdom is not of this world." So even though we're walking in this world, we're born into another world. And that's why that's why brother Brandon must say this here. He says too many people is crying and whining, God, what do I do? What do I do? What do I do next? What's next? He says just speak and go forward. He says because if God has commissioned you to do something, he says speak and go forward. He says don't stand around and think about it. How could it happen? Well, this thing, well, this or that, that don't make any difference. If God said it, do it anyhow. And and catch this part of the quote. He says he is still the God of miracles. &gt;&gt; In other words, if he's commissioned you to do something, the supernatural is going to be there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If you can ever get that, as long as I'm upon the earth right now, as long as the kingdom is established in my heart, he is still the God of miracles. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That you remember whenever God would tell Joshua, you know, there's not going to be one one man stand before you. You're going to be victorious. And as he was in the middle of the battle, the sun would start to go down. Y'all remember that story? And the Bible says that he he stopped and he spoke to the son. spoke to the moon. Brother Brandham says he didn't think about it. He didn't have to pray about it. He says he was tied to an absolute under a commission and would speak the word sun stand still, moon stand still. And what would the Bible say? The Bible says that the sun stood still until the people avenged themselves upon their enemy. In other words, as long as the enemy was alive, the supernatural was causing the sun to stand still. And as long as you're fighting an enemy, he is still the God of miracles. As long as you're going through trials, there is still grace sufficient enough to bring you through. &gt;&gt; He is still the God of miracles. And what I think is so powerful about the story of Joshua is the Bible says there was five kings, right? And Joshua put him into a cave and and there there was his some of his warriors was around him. And what would Joshua say? He would say, "Don't stay here." He says, "Go pursue after your enemies." &gt;&gt; And that really spoke to my heart, brother, because it's not just the pastor having victory. You have victory as well. &gt;&gt; Come on. The sun didn't just stand still for Joshua, but for his warriors as well. The sun ain't just standing still for the pastor, but it's for young people. Pursue after your enemies. Pursue after your joy. Pursue after your peace. Speak and go forward. He is still the God of miracles. He's still Jehovah Gyra. He's still Jehovah Shama. He's still the prince of peace. He's still the lily of the valley. He's still the bright and morning star. &gt;&gt; Whatever you have need of, he is still the God of miracles. &gt;&gt; Have faith in the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I feel good this morning. We're not subject to this five senses. We're not subject to our flesh. There's another kingdom that we've been birthed into. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But Brandham says, "Use your use our armor." We've got armor. God works with us. Gives us the armor. And the armor is is all supernatural. See, love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience is all in the supernatural. And if you let your faith loose to God's spirit, it brings your body into subjection to God's redemptive blessings to you. So if you let your faith loose to the spirit of God this morning, it brings your five senses into subjection to all the blessings of God. Hallelujah. But Brown, I'm going to say one to in one place. He says there'll be a smile that comes on your face. He says your muscles uh your your your muscles will will begin to act right. He says your your your your your eyes begin to begin to brighten up. He says what is it? Your body is brought into subjection. And I love that quote because even if you have a frown on your face because you've been going through hard times, get into the spirit one time. &gt;&gt; Get into the spirit. Get into that strong tower. Let it become your door. Then your muscles get brought into subjection where you can't help but raise your hands. Even if it is a bad day, you can't help but praise the Lord because this pride has been brought into subjection to the blessings of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can't help but worship the Lord. &gt;&gt; God, you're so good to me. You can't help but thank him for the breath that's in your lungs. You can't help but thank him for the wonderful family that he's given you. You can't help but thank him for this wonderful church that he's given you. You can't help but thank him for the message of the hour that he's given you. Your body has been brought into subjection to another kingdom. &gt;&gt; We're not subject to it. We're subject to another kingdom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Speak and go forward. Hope this is okay this morning. He is still the God of miracles. And you can look there at you can look at David after he came back. He would come back from a battle. He would come back to Ziglag and and you if you look at it, his his family was taken away. His warriors was taken away. And and it's incredible because or his warriors turned against him and and the the Bible says his warriors took up stones to stone him. And the Bible would tell us that David was greatly distressed. &gt;&gt; You know, but then it turns around and says, "But David encouraged himself in the Lord. &gt;&gt; There was a battle going on his flesh and his soul. His soul was distressed. His mind was distressed. But that soul would begin to encourage him. And I thought that is the greatest battle ever fought is right in the mind. Your mind says give up. Give up. Lay down on the feet. You can't overcome. You can't get your children back. But then that soul begins to speak a heavenly language. But you can do it. You see, you got to quit letting your mind speak and let that soul speak. Let it encourage yourself when you can't take another step. Let that soul speak. Let it speak a heavenly language. The faith is the victory. Even if I don't understand, I still believe it. If I don't know how it's going to happen, I still believe it. Let that soul encourage herself. It's the soul that is that is sealed to the day of the redemption. Let that soul speak. &gt;&gt; And what would that soul that that soul tell him? It would encourage himself. And then the Lord would speak to him and would say, "Pursue, &gt;&gt; for you shall surely overtake and recover them all." You know what's incredible to me is the Bible would tell us that the it was the Malach Amalachites, I believe, that would that would take his wives and the children and all and the families, but the Bible says they only took them, they did not kill them. And I thought, my goodness, brother Matt, the devil can take your joy, but he can't destroy it. He can take your peace, but he can't destroy it. He may take your revival, but he can't destroy it. Once you let that soul encourage yourself, then you can pursue. &gt;&gt; Whatever the devil takes away from you, he has no right to destroy him. He's only a thief. He cannot destroy him. I say a little church, it's time to pursue. Pursue after your revival. Pursue after your children. Pursue after your happiness, pursue after your joy. Hallelujah. You want a praise on your lips, pursue. You want to dance in the spirit, pursue. You want a revival like never before, pursue. Let that soul speak. &gt;&gt; Quit letting your mind speak negativity. Come on now. We speak negative about this and about that. Let the positive things of God speak out of your soul and say, "I might not understand, but I believe it." You know, brother Brandon, that's a quote. But the Brandon would talk about the the disciples whenever Jesus would say, "Eat my flesh, drink my blood." The 70 turned away from him. And then Jesus looked to the disciples and would say, "Will you leave me also?" What would Peter say? Where would we go? For thou hast the words of eternal life. Brother Brandham says they didn't understand what he meant, but they believed it. We not We might not understand how a rapture is going to happen, but we believe it. We might not understand how your lost loved ones are going to come back home, but we believe it. Come on, somebody. You might not understand what the marriage supper of the lamb is going to feel like, but we believe it. &gt;&gt; Might not understand, brother. the brand. I'm going say a cold sweep going to come through your body. You might not understand it, &gt;&gt; but I sure enough believe it. &gt;&gt; One morning between 6:00 and 9. I might not understand it, but I believe it. I might not understand all of the seals and the mysteries, but I believe it. If that prophet said it, I believe it. If God spoke to me and says I can make a rapture, I believe it. &gt;&gt; Come on. If God spoke to you, buddy, and says you can have the Holy Ghost, believe it. You see, don't let thy mind speak, let that soul speak. &gt;&gt; I believe it. We've been given the keys to the kingdom of another dimension. Because you can look there, they're they're in Matthew 16. The Christ would ask the disciples, "Who do you say that I am?" Some say this, some say that, some say this. Peter would say, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Jesus would say, "Thou art, you know, Simon Bar Jonah." Then he would go through all of these things, but now you're Peter and I say, "Upon this rock I'll build my church." And then he says, I will give you the keys of the kingdom. Whatever you loose upon the earth will be loosed in heaven. Whatever you bind will be bound. And then brother Brown say this here. And any church that's anointed with the same Holy Spirit is the Messiah and a little smaller God. And someday when this body is resurrected, he says, "I hope beforehand that God can get a hold of a bunch of people that are manifest in every dimension." You've been given the keys to the kingdom. Not just upon the earth, but what you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven. You've been given keys of the supernatural. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother teaches say there's many dimensions, right? He says there's dimensions where demons live, dimensions where where television is, dimensions where angels are. But you've been given the keys in every dimension. You know what that means? The dimension of social media, you've got the keys to. Come on now. The dimension of movies and pornography. You've been given the keys to. The dimension of mind battles of demonic spirits that come against your mind, you've been given the keys to. And I say it's time we look at that devil square in the face and say I'm bringing my body into subjection. Get out of my way. Whatever the lies of the enemy that comes against you, let the soul speak. You've got the keys &gt;&gt; in every dimension. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Every dimension. Because many times we think, "Oh man, we think we're so big and bad that we want to put this one in in their place. We want to put that one in their place." I'm going to tell my brother this. I'm going to tell my sister that. But what about in another dimension? Come on now, brother. And remember when brother Brandham was in a we would go into the vision about the the mamba, right? And how the the the Lord would tell him, you've got power to loosen, power to bind him. And the Bible says he would wake her he would say and the story he would tell he would wake up. And then there was a demon in the corner, right, that was saying, "You're bluff. You've got no power over me. You can't you can't control me. Why would Brother Brandham say? He says, "You are an offense to me." &gt;&gt; Oh, my goodness. He's showing us how to fight because we get offended at everybody else except for the devil. &gt;&gt; Come on now. We get offended at our brethren, offended at the deacon, offended at the pastor. But what about getting offended at the devil? It was Jesus that will look to Peter and will say, "Get behind me, Satan. Thou art an offense, not Peter, but in the other dimension. &gt;&gt; Come on now. It's a spiritual warfare. It's not a natural warfare, but we're fighting in another dimension. But we've got the keys. I say it's time we get offended at backbiting. We get offended at all of those gossip spirits and say, "Satan, you are an offense to me. I've been given the keys &gt;&gt; in this other dimension." Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Thou art an offense to me. &gt;&gt; I love it because the devil didn't realize that not only Peter had the keys to the kingdom, but brother Brandham did too. &gt;&gt; Could you imagine how dumb the devil is coming up against a prophet? &gt;&gt; Like, come on. How stupid is he? Sorry, children. How how crazy is he? He has came out of a vision. The devil's been whooped in prayer line after prayer line after prayer line. But now he's going to come up against brother Brandon and say, "You're a bluff. You've got no power." But he's smarter than you think. Come on, brother Brandon. I'm going tell us in perfect faith that in order to have perfect faith, you have to know who you are and have no condemnation. So the devil knew if he could condemn brother Brandham, he would have no power over him. That's why the devil comes and tries to condemn you. You're a bluff. You're a nobody. You're this. You're that. He's trying to condemn you. Because if he can condemn you, you don't have perfect faith. Brother Brandham was showing us you're an offense. He would say, "Get out of here, Satan." And what would happen then? He would say, "I heard the sweetest voice I had ever heard before. Sweeter than any mother's voice, saying, "Don't fear to go anywhere to do anything, for the neverfailing presence of Jesus Christ will be with you wherever thou goest." And I thought it was after the battle, after he let that soul speak, that the presence of God would come and comfort him. I would say, "Don't fear to go anywhere." That's what happens when you let that soul speak. Let the presence of God come and comfort you. Don't fear to go anywhere. At the workplace, you still got the keys. At home, you still got the keys. At the job site, or rather in school, you still got the keys. And the ever the neverfelling presence of Jesus Christ is with you wherever thou goest. Can you imagine hearing those words &gt;&gt; after you just fall? And that's a scary looking creature that is coming up against you. You know, I've I I've had an experience of seeing a spirit before. Brother Brandham would live in that other dimension. Brother Brandon would tell us he would have to pinch himself, right, to see if he was in a vision or not. And could you imagine that that that the spirit was so real? And it was real coming up against him. But after the victory, hearing that voice and my church, after the victory, could you imagine when we fight the last mind battle, what it's going to be like when we step on the other side &gt;&gt; and the hands that held your hands, you can feel them. &gt;&gt; The voice that spoke to you in the hard times saying, "I'll never leave you, never forsake you." You can see it. &gt;&gt; The one that would come and wrap his his arms around you, you can feel those arms. That's what it's going to be like, friends, after we fight the last mind battle. And we can see the one. We can see the one that carried us in the hard times. &gt;&gt; He's never left you. He's never forsaken you. You remember the preacher that was that felt like God left him? The footprints on the sand of time. You remember that? And he was speaking to God, why did you leave me? And he says, what are you talking about? Look, there's two sets of footprints right there. And whenever I got to the hardest trial, you left me there. God says, "I didn't leave you. That's where I picked you up and carried you." But could you imagine being that man when he went on the other side, he could see the one that picked him up. &gt;&gt; The one that carried him. When his legs couldn't take another step, the one that carried him, he could now see. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's what it's going to be like, friends. When you gave up on God and God never gave up on you, and you can see that one. When you felt like nobody loved you, but he still loved you. And you can see that one. The one when nobody when everybody forsaken you and gave you no grace, but his grace was still there. And you can see that one. Oh my. This is the quietest place you're ever going to be. Because when I see the one that held my hand, there's going to be a rejoicing. There's going to be a shouting. There's going to be a praise. When I see the one that loved me, when I was unlovable, I'm going to worship him. When you see the one that gave mercy to you, when you were in times past, not a people, but made you his people. When you see that one, &gt;&gt; that's why you can't give up now, church. &gt;&gt; You can't let go of your faith. Now, let a musicians come. &gt;&gt; You can't give up on God now. He's never given up on you. &gt;&gt; You got to keep on walking. &gt;&gt; Keep on walking. &gt;&gt; Keep on walking. Don't cry. Speak. Let that soul speak. Let that soul speak. Let that soul encourage you. When you're going through the valley of the shadow of death, remember, thou art with me. It was Job that was sitting there and would say, "But he knoweth the way that I take." And when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold. Precious gold. He knoweth the way. Job was heading there. He didn't know what was going on. His wife would say, "Curse God and die." His friends said he was a secret sinner. Family taken away. Livestock taken away. But yet he still had his confidence. He knoweth the way that I take. You may be there this morning. You might be there. And what's incredible about the story of Job is brother Brandham had hope this is okay. Brother Brandham would tell us that that Job was a man of inspiration and that everybody would come to Job when they wanted the word from the Lord because the Lord would speak to him. But then brother Brown would say these words that that really stuck with me because parents can relate. pastor, singers, whatever the the the those who work for the Lord. Brother Brandon must say these words that he stood for everybody else, but now who could stand for him? &gt;&gt; There's Job sitting there. He He intervened for everybody else. He intervene to get an answer for that one. He intervened to get an answer for this one. But now, who's going to intervene for him? And I thought, my sometimes we give that way as parents, don't we? You're the one that's that's taking care of your children. You're the one that's cooking the supper or what while doing the laundry. But what who's there to serve you whenever you're whenever you're needing some encouragement? The same one that would speak to Job &gt;&gt; is speaking this morning &gt;&gt; cuz the Bible would tell us that there'd be thunders that would begin to thunder. And it's so powerful because everybody else heard thunders but not Job. Job heard a voice and that voice would begin to answer every one of Job's questions. Ain't that incredible? Because if you look at the beginning of Job's asking, you know, he he talks about the botney life. He talks about the plant life. They die. Then the then the then the springtime comes, they live again. Then he asks the question, if a man die, shall he live again? But then what would that answer say? What? What would that thunder say to you? In your flesh, you're going to see the redeemer. So when nobody was there to intercede for him, no man, God would come &gt;&gt; and would give answers to the questions. And oh my, maybe you feel like there's nobody to intercede for you. He is still a high priest that can be touched by the feelings of your infirmities. Brother Brandma say he was tempted in all men. The Bible would tell us that. But then, Brother Brand, I'm going to tell us, he was tempted with women. He was tempted to have a family. He wanted to have a family. He was tempted in every like manner like you are, yet without sin. That's why he's a high priest that can be felt because he knows what it's like. You see, you don't want a pastor that's never been through anything, right? Like, how can he he can give ad he he can he can counsel with you through the experiences he's been through, right? And he and God can counsel with you, encourage with you because he's been through the things you've been through yet without sin, unbelief. He's still kept his faith. I say this morning, he's here to encourage. &gt;&gt; He's here to strengthen. &gt;&gt; He's here to uplift the head, wipe away every tear. &gt;&gt; He's here to say, "When everybody left you, I was still there." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads this morning. Maybe there's some this morning that would want to say, "Brother Josh, remember me. I'm at that place this morning." God bless the hands. I'm at that place this morning. Who can intercede for me? I'm busy working for the Lord. I'm busy working for my family. I'm trying to provide so that the bills are paid, that there's food on the table. But who can intercede for me? The same God that would speak to Job is here to intercede. Dear heavenly father, you see the hands that are all over the building, Lord. Lord, sometimes we feel like you've left us. You've forsaken us. But Lord, that's the mind speaking. You're the good shepherd. And Lord, I ask that you would speak to your children this morning. Lord, wrap them with the your warmth and praise. Lord, may there be grace sufficient, Lord. Just like the Apostle Paul said, "There's a thorn in my flesh." But once he found your grace, he would say, "But I glory in my infirmities, Lord. May there be a praise upon the lips of your people because they found a grace, a strength, just like Daniel that would patiently endure for 21 days. But when the answer came, it strengthened. Lord, I ask that you would strengthen your people this morning. God, I ask that you would uplift the lift up the heavy heads and hands. Lord, may the weak say, "I am strong. Lord, thank you for your presence that we feel this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Few more. I surrender. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. Can we stand and sing it this morning? Release my cares. [Music] can humble myself. He lifts me up every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Can we sing it again as we turn up to our pastor? The more that I surrender, [Music] you're my Lord. [Music] more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, it gets easier to understand this road. I'm traveling down. No more way. Oh, wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my car, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Can you sing this verse with me? Well, the problems I had on yesterday, they're my stepping stones to a higher place. And the trials that seem so awesome to me are now just a pattern to my next victory. I know I'm heading to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Yes, Lord. I love you more. [Music] Well, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my car, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you pick me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I release my case, the more that you take control. Yes. The more that I humble myself, the more you pick me up, every day that I live. Lord, I love every day that I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] Amen. Isn't he wonderful this morning? Amen. How many appreciate that message? Amen. &gt;&gt; Wasn't that Wasn't that a blessing? Amen. That God used our brother. I know he spoke to my heart and I know many testify. How many raise your hands? Say, "Brother Josh, the Lord used you this morning." Every everybody in the building. Amen. And how many'd like to have Brother Josh come back and preach for us again? Amen. Just a tremendous Amen. Tremendous. Tremendous message, my man. When I grow up, I want to preach like that. It's tremendous. Amen. God would you, man. He said, "God's love is not a parental love." Wasn't that powerful? A parental love wouldn't let a kid get into the fire. And if he got in it, you'd jerk him out of it. A parental love wouldn't let a kid go into a trial like that. You wouldn't let your kid get in a den full of lions. A parental love, you'd jerk him out of it. He said, "But God's love isn't a parental love. and a godly love. He don't keep you from the trial. He keeps you through the trial. I like that's just powerful. I don't know about y'all, but that's shouting material. You that lets you know when you go through a trial that you're you can be uh patient in the faith that you have towards God. Amen. And I just think that's tremendous. And now what a blessing this morning. And Amen. We just thank God for all that he does for us. And Amen. We uh have a a dinner uh this afternoon. And so we want to invite anybody to be able to come and enjoy the dinner. We'll have in a moment. Our visitors, may God bless you, our visitors this morning. You're welcome to come and fellowship with us and and enjoy the dinner with us. And Amen. You just love the Lord this morning. Amen. Can we sing that song? You are great. You do miracles so great. Amen. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. [Music] We [Music] worship his glory. [Music] There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor. So Lord, I lift my hands to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Oh Lord, I lift my hands to worship, to magnify your name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor. Oh Lord, I lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Oh Lord, I lift my voice to worship, to magnify your name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else. Amen. Won't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning? Amen. We sing that song. I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Music] [Music] They just got engaged and just asking for prayer that the Lord be with them and guide them. I think it's a good way to start. marriage. Amen. So we just ask Lord to be with this [Music] [Music] [Music] They may be closer. Lord, we love you. We thank you for speaking to our hearts. Thank you for the many blessings that you poured out our lives, Lord, in the ministry that you've given us. Lord, we thank you for your spirit, Lord, and everything you do for us. Pray you keep your hands upon us as we go, Lord, and bring us back in your presence Wednesday. We bless the hands prepared our food, Lord. And please watch over us, Lord, our fellowship. Bring us, Lord, back to you. We love you. We thank you for everything you do in Jesus name. Well, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Be all right. be all right. Be all right. Well, a little boy named David went out to find a child. And everybody laughed at such a puny little side. A little shepherd boy on me with a sling. And beside mighty Goliath seemed such a puny little thing. But David said, "You come to me with spear and a sword, but I come to you in the name of the Lord." He put in a stone. He gave it a sling. And when he left his hand, then he began to sing. I got a feeling everything's going to be all right. Oh, I've got a feeling everything going to be all right. Oh, I got a feeling everything going to be all right. Be all around. Be all right. Be all right. Well, I say that I got a feeling [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
