################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-04-12 - Caleb's mountain          Pastor Esagala Martin      04.12.2024 - Esagala Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-04-12
Title:    Caleb's mountain     |     Pastor Esagala Martin    |  04.12.2024
Speaker:  Esagala Martin
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIUWXfSUFgw
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. [Music] Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was his mercy. I know it was his. Oh, I know it was his mercy for me. If it wasn't his mercy, where would I be? Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon you. Oh, I know it was his [Music] mercy. Oh, I know it was his victory. I know. How I know it was victory for me. One day, one day when I was lost, he died upon me. Oh, I know his victory. Oh, I know his love. I know to think about the love of God that he shed for us all. I know it was his love for me. [Music] Oh, one day when I was lost and I know I know it was his love. Oh, I know it was his grace. I know it was his grace. Oh, I know it. As we prepare to speak to the Lord. [Music] Oh, cuz one day when I was lost and I know, oh, I know it was his grace. Oh, I know it was his blood. I know as we pray to speak to the Lord. Oh, I know. [Music] Oh, one day, one day I was lost in my Lord. I know it was his blood. Oh precious father Lord thank you for this evening Lord. Such a blessing that we've come in your house, Father, this evening. We pray that Lord, as we come before you, oh God. Check all our hearts, Lord. Look through our hearts desire this evening, oh God, that whatsoever thing that has brought us here, Lord. Let it be, Lord, that you brought us here to speak to our hearts this evening, Lord. Fathers, we prepare Lord for your word to be heard to be spoken before us. Lord, we pray that Lord anoint it Lord even as concentrate our hearts Lord that we may be able to pre be prepared for your word that is going to be ministered this evening Lord. Father, we commit the minister Jonas. Oh God, that take care of him, Lord. Take him away, Lord, and let you speak to your people, Lord. Just as you've gathered us here, Lord, just as your will has been that we've come here to gather into your presence, Lord. Father, may you speak to us, Lord, that let our hearts burn in our in our being, Lord, that we may know that God has spoken to us this evening, Lord. So Lord concentrate our hearts Lord as we come we've surrendered all to come here Lord Father to hear from you Father we present our bodies as a living sacrifice Lord holy and acceptable before you God father as we've come here Lord thank you for the safe journeys that you've brought us here Lord thank you for everything that we've gone through this day oh Lord to reach up to this time Lord Father may you bless Lord the heart that has surrendered to come and hear from you Lord. Father, everyone that is before us here Lord bless them each according to your own will Lord. Father we commit everyone Jonas Lord even those who are not here Lord Father may your grace reach out upon them Lord and give them safety Lord and protect them Lord and watch over them Lord that everything they are going through Lord guide them oh father and Lord let their hearts burn that next time they come and be here Lord to hear from you oh God everyone Lord every ministry that is going on all over the world this evening Lord we commit them into Thanks, Lord. Father, may you speak to each one of us, Lord. Speak to your bride, Lord, this evening, Lord, that we may come out of this service as a blessed people, Lord. Anoint your word, anoint the heart that is going to receive the word that take care of us, Lord. And Lord, let your word rule over our hearts, Lord. Let your word guide us, Lord. Let your word give us instruction for this evening, Lord. We pray that Lord we have come here fully surrender to hear from you Lord. Watch over us Lord. May you sanctify us Lord. May you cleanse us Lord. May you fill us with the Holy Ghost Lord that we may be able to walk only according to your word Lord only according to your will Lord. We commit our pastors and Jonas Lord. That Lord the ministry that is ahead of them Lord. We commit its Lord. Give them strength. Give them courage and give them Lord Father the King of glory whatsoever their desires are Lord and watch over them protect them Lord and their families Lord back at home Lord we pray that Lord financially support them Lord everything that they need Lord for the work of the ministry Lord take care of it Lord as we depend upon you Lord as we depend upon your leadership take care of everything that is going on all over the world in the message. Lord, we love you, Lord. We appreciate you, Lord. As we surrender our hearts, Lord, if it wasn't your blood, Lord, where would we be, Lord? If it wasn't your mercy, Lord, where would we be, Lord? If it wasn't your forgiveness, Lord, if it wasn't your victory, oh heavenly father, that's why because you live, we can face tomorrow. Father, we are depending upon the sacrifice, Lord. We are depending upon your blood Lord to make us through Lord. Father as we wait for your coming Lord we love you Lord. We appreciate you Lord. Bless the service and everyone who is going to hear may you Lord speak to their hearts Lord. Thank you father Lord. Thank you Jesus. [Music] I will come from that moment. want us to sing another song as [Music] we we prepare to hear from the Lord. Praise the Lord. Do you know whom you have believed? That song I know whom I have believed. Amen. I want to see people who know whom they have been by standing up. Just stand up as we sing this song. As also we welcome the preacher. I know whom I have believed. Let's start with a chorus. But I [Music] know whom I have believed and I'm persuaded that is aable. Oh to keep that which I've committed. Oh and to him against that. I want to hear the church sing. But I know, but I know. Oh my. The church say, "Oh, I'm passing. [Music] [Music] against that day. I know not why God's wanderous grace to me. He has made known. Oh no. I am worthy. Christ in love redeeming me. Oh, but I know but I know whom I have been and I'm pursuing [Music] him. Oh to keep that which have committed. unto him against that day. I know not how this saving faith to [Music] me is nor howing in is what peace. is mine. Oh, but I know. But I know whom I have been a numbered that he able. Oh to keep that which have committed. Oh, unto him against the devil. Oh, I know not how the spirit moves, nor the singing made of sea, revealing Christ through the word. ing Christ through the great faith. Oh, but I know. But I know whom I have been an sweet that is able. Oh to keep that which I've committed. is that I look against that day. Oh, I know not how good all here may be out for me. Oh yes. of where we all go in days before his face I know. Let's sing the last one. Oh, I know not why my Lord come at night on fair day. Oh yes, Lord. I'll walk the valley with him. Oh me. Yeah. But I know. But I know whom I have been persuaded. But he say who is to keep that which commited. Oh, I see. I can see I know whom I believe and I'm persuaded that is able to keep thy [Music] creature to him against. Praise the name of the Lord. I want to greet you all in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and to welcome you in this service tonight. I want likewise to take this opportunity to appreciate our pastors for the opportunity that they have given me to stand before you and appreciate God for the good health and the life that he has given all of us together that he has granted us to come here to worship him. Praise the name of the Lord. I request you that you pray with me. It's not easy to be here especially when especially when the generals are behind there. So let's just sing one more song and then we shall pray and get to the reading of the word. That song that is called ancient word. long preserve for our world in this world. There is sound with God's own heart. Heavywire. What of God ever true? Changing me and changing you. We have come with open heart. Oh, let of [Music] life of hope. Give us strength. Help us go in this world. where [Music] we will guide us. Oh, [Music] oh yes. Oh, changing. Hallelujah. unchanging you. Oh yeah. Oh, we have come with all hearts. Holy words over faith and to this age came to us through sacrifice. [Music] Oh, he the faithful ones of Christ. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] I'm changing you. Oh, we have God with open heart. So let the world just once more. Oh, anient words ever true. Changing me, unchanging you. We have come with open hearts. words with our heads bowed and our hearts bowed. Heavenly Father, here we are before you. Because that Lord it pleased you to bring us here and we are here at your will. Oh heavenly father brought us father from different areas leaving our places of work leaving our homes Lord to come here at your call heavenly father and we pray that as you have called us here grant to speak unto us father thy word is true it's thy word father that changes us May you come this evening heavenly father and speak to the hearts of people the people that you brought here and those that are only your king of glory father for they are the purchase of your blood. So may you grant heavenly fathers to meet each one of them at their point of needs in the name of our savior. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Before you take your seat, I want to call your attention to the book of Joshua. the book of Joshua. Joshua chapter 14 and then verse 12. The scripture says, "Now therefore give this mountain whereof the Lord spake in that day. For thou hadest in that day how the anth were great and fed. If so be the Lord will be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out as the Lord said. And Joshua blessed him and gave unto Caleb the son of Jeffna Hebron for an inheritance. Joshua body. Okay. was Joshua. Praise the name of the Lord. So this evening by the grace of God I want to share something that I've preached before about mountain. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we want to thank you for this word. For the scripture says that the letter killth but the spirit gives life. So we call on your heavenly father that you may come and minister that you may give life to these letters and speak to each and every person that brought here father. We love you and we thank you in the name of the lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. So you may take your seats. Sorry for for for making this stand for that way. Uh we are taking on's mountain and as we go you know through this service I want to interest you. that you you think about the mountains before you and among those mountains there is one that belongs to you. You see whenever we talk about a mountain people think about trials, think about problems. But here the mountain that the scripture is talking about this is a blessing is an inheritance. So when they went to you know to to to search the land there are places where they walked through. And as they were walking they came back. And when they came back, they told Moses and each of them gave his report. So when Caleb went with Joshua and they crossed Jordan and he reached there. He went to Joshua and told him that you see God spoke through Moses and promised me a certain a specific you know place. It wasn't all of canon. There was a specific place that God had promised you know and when reached there where we have read he came to Joshua and told and told him that you know God through Moses gave me this mountain and I'm coming to you because God has given you the responsibility. to allot to all the tribes their inheritance. So I'm coming to demand what God gave me. Praise the name of the Lord. So even as we ought to stand in that you know in that place always that when we search the promises of God we are not you know demanding what is not ours. they are all ours. So you may have, you know, a mountain that you're focusing on this evening, but you know, as we go through here, let's keep meditating upon some of those things. Let's pick it up in the book of Numbers, chapter 13, and then verse one. Numbers 13 and verse one. The scripture says, "And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, Send thou men that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel, of every tribe of their fathers shall ye send among everyone a ruler among them." And Moses by the commandment of the Lord sent them from the wilderness of Pon. All those men were heads of the children of Israel. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Welcome, brother. God bless you. Pick it up from Numbers 13 and then verse verse one to verse three. from verse 13. From verse one to verse three, Numbers 13 from verse one to verse three. Monagua shore. Praise the name of the Lord. So we find that God sending these people to search the land, they had to be at a wilderness. And even when Moses was choosing the people, God told Moses, they have to be rulers. And so it is always the rulers that search the land. And if we are to search the storehouses of God, search by the ruler. So praise the name of the Lord. Not that it had to be the rulers to go up and search the promise. And it's always a ruler that can search the promises. Personally in this body, I cannot search the promises of God. a ruler that rules my body and that is the Holy Ghost that searches the promises of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Let's turn to the book of 1 Corinthians chapter 2 and then verse 11. Verse 10, the scripture says, "But God has revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searchth all things, yes, the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of a man, which is in him? Even so, the things of God knoweth no man, but the spirit of God. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. So the scripture is telling us that if we are to understand the things of God, we must get in his spirit because it's only his spirit that can reveal to us the things of God. Because the spirit of a man knows the things of a man. Praise the name of the Lord. When a child is born, the spirit of a man that is given to this child teaches this child to walk this child to speak. Yet we have to have the spirit of God for us to know the things of God to grow in the things of God. So if we are to search the storehouse of God, search it by the spirit of God. That spirit of God must have rulership over this our bodies because we see here that God told Moses not every person can go and search the land take a ruler the person that is ruling a tribe that's the only person that can go and search the promises. When we are searching the premises of God, search the premises of God by the spirit. We just wake up and then we begin thinking about something. So we need to get in the spirit. Walk in the spirit and live by the spirit of God. That's why the scripture says therefore now no condemnation that walk after the spirit of God. Praise the name of the Lord. So the spirit of God is what we use to search the things of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Just like as in Israel, Samuel was a ruler. If there was a battle to win, it's Samuel that searched it out and inquired by of God. Praise the name of the Lord. And if there was a king to be installed, Samuel who knew who was the king was standing in the position of a ruler fighting the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of the Lord. Listen what the prophet says here in the message the rejected king. He says now Samuel in our message represents the Holy Spirit. Now, Samuel was the mouthpiece of God. And today, the Holy Spirit is the mouthpiece of God. And today, instead of having all of our different fandangles of foolishness in church, God wants us to let him rule, not pops, bishops, general overseers, all doctrines, and nominations and everything. He sent the Holy Spirit to rule the church and that is the same person that will rule you. So if if you are to search the things of God, it must be through the Holy Ghost. Praise the name of the Lord. So the same Holy Ghost must rule in our daily life. Praise the name of the Lord. That's why Paul says all the things that I learned from Gamaria from Gamaria and all the teachers of the law. I count them as a D. I satisfy to you and the things I preached, they all revealed by Christ. Praise the name of the Lord. Because we as Christians, we must daily be led by the Holy Spirit. Whatever you have to do, be in the spirit. And that's what the prophet tells us at the age of for him to see the things of God for John to be you know in the to see the things of God at the age of the spirit with the name of God. So even us to see the things of God search the promises of God. that he has given to us. We must make sure that we walk in the spirit. Praise the name of the Lord. And the prophet says in the message fellowship through the reconciliation of the blood. He was talking about Job because in the body Job Job would have cast God because of the things he was going through. But the prophet tells us that Job being a prophet, he got in the spirit. Praise the name of the Lord. In the situations that he was going through, he didn't think about them through his mind. He got in the spirit and searched the riches of God. And when he searched the things of God, he went into, you know, the storehouse of God, he saw himself standing. and he saw his redeemer in the name of the Lord. So the prophet says that's the only way you you are going to get anything anyhow is when you get in the spirit. The power of God come on him for the coming of the Lord. He rised on his feet. He shook himself. The thunders roared. The lightnings flashed. Job said, "I know my redeemer liveth. And at the last days, he will stand on the earth. For the skin worms destroy this body. Yet in my flesh shall I see God, whom I shall see for myself. mine eyes shall behold. And not another. So Job when he got into the spirit, praise the name of the Lord, he saw his redeemer and that was his encouragement. Worms were eating his body, sure that the mountain that he had that day in his selection, he he was to get it. And that was the that he had in that day. So body typing the rulership of the Holy Spirit and how the people in this shadow of flesh and search. He let only rulers to go and search the land of their words sober able to judge and lead others. Praise the name of the Lord. What I want you to know is that for us to search the riches of glory, we must get in the spirit of God. Praise the name of the Lord. So in the book of uh numbers where we have read numbers chapter 13 and then verse three the scripture says and Moses by the commandment of the Lord sent them from the wilderness of Pon All those men were heads of the of the children of Israel. Praise the name of the Lord. So what I want us to pick here is that they had to be in a wilderness for them to search the land. And sometimes God brings us at a wilderness. Praise the name of the Lord that we may search. We may pray, we may worship him, we may desire you know when we at that point where there is no water, there is no food, they you know they after us, there is nowhere where we can plant. That's where God brought the children of Israel. He told them that this is the place where you must go and search the land. And all others here if they are having everything they will not pray they will not get in the spirit. But he wants you to get at a point where you stand at a par where there is no abundance. Praise the name of the Lord that you may look up God and pray to God. Oh, I am searching the land. looking out for the promises that you gave unto your children. I'm praying, oh God, I'm sick, you promised that by your stripes, we are healed and therefore I'm praying this evening healing me causes you to stand at a wilderness. Praise the name of the Lord. They had to be at par for them to search the land. So when we at friends we should not mama all together friends when we at parents we shouldn't comply all that we have to do is to stand you know strong like a job and get in the spirit and then we search the land search the promises of then we capture one's mountain and we say god this is what we want today this is we want this year. This is what we want you to do for us. That's how stood that's how Joshua stood. Praise the name of the Lord. So God allows us sometimes to stand in the wilderness of so that we don't feel comfortable at all the wilderness of the ruler, the Holy Ghost. We have to search the promises. That's why the scripture continues and say numbers 13 verse 17 says and Moses sent them to spy out the land and said unto them get ye up this way southward and go into the mountain and see the Lord what it is and see the land what it is that dwell therein whether they be strong or weak, few or many. And what the land is that they dwell in, whether it is it is be good or bad, what city they be they they be that dwell that dwell there, whether in tents or in stronghold. And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, and be of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Praise the name of the Lord. So you see that when Moses is sending them, he's so specific. He tells them, "You must know what is this land. Who are the people that dwell in this land? Are these people strong or weak? Are they few or many?" Praise the name of the Lord. So Moses was being specific because he knew that these are the things that are going to encourage us to walk with God daily. Praise the name of the Lord. When you know the multitude of the soldiers in the land where you're going today, you will know how to prepare. Praise the name of the Lord. Moses told them that when you see the land, you have to come with the fruit without an evidence that the land is indeed there. And there there are fruits there. And what God told us is indeed there. Praise the name of the Lord. And Moses told them, be of good courage. on this land here. Moses was certain that they were that there were soldiers, there were fighters. It was not going to be easy to take it. But he knew that God cannot give us a promise that he can't grant unto us because whatsoever God promises it is not us that go and take by our own. It is God in his season. comes and gives praise the name of the Lord. So the scripture says he ascended by the south and came at he verse 22 and they ascended by the south and came and the children of now was built seven years before Zion And they returned from searching of the land after 40 days. And they told him and said, we came into the land whether thou sentest us, and surely it floweth with milk and honey, and this is the fruit of it. Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are world and very great. And moreover, we saw the children of Anak there. The Amalachite dwell in the land of the south. And the Hittites and the Jupites and the Amorites dwell in the mountains. And the Canonites dwell by the sea and by the coast of Jordan. BNC. Praise the name of the Lord. So verse 30, the scripture says, "Calb stealed the people before Moses and said, "Let us go up at once and possess it, for we are well able to overcome it. Praise the name of the Lord. Told them we are more than able to overcome it. But verse 31, the scripture brings another report. He says, "But the men that went up with him said, we be not able to go up against the people, for they are stronger than us than we. A man and they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying, The land through which we have gone to search it is a land that eatth up the inhabitants thereof, and all the people that we see in it are men of a great stature. Praise the name of the Lord. So we see that part of the part of the spies of them of them of the spies. The scripture says they brought an evil report. They went to search the land and they came back and they said these people are very strong. We are not able to take the land. We shouldn't stand there because these people they looked at who they are. They looked at their stature. They said this body here, can I fight a giant? Praise the name of the Lord. They looked at, you know, their skills they had, the professions they had and the strength they had. That's all that they looked at. They walked cannally walked by flesh. And they knew that you know what I can't do myself then I cannot have it. So these people they were not looking at the promises of God. They searched the land and that's why they all died there because they couldn't you know you know move into the channel that God used to give the promise. Praise the name of the Lord. So these people they brought an evil report and they caused all other people to perish in the wilderness because of their you know understanding and their rejection of the word of God. So the scripture continues and says, "And there we saw giants, the sons of Anarch, which came of the giants, and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers, and so we were in their sights. Praise the name of the Lord. You search the land and you see a promise of God. And you know many times the prophet tells us that the reason people don't get healed is because they look at the circumstances. They look at the symptoms. They failed to get into the channel that Jonah was in when he was down there. And he prayed believing that if he can only face where the temple is, God will hear his prayer, take him out of the out of the out of the sea. Praise the name of the Lord. So even these people, they looked at you know their theological understanding of the word. They say this disease is too hard to be healed. And they say this blessing is too hard to get. They say this behavior is too hard to overcome. Praise the name of the Lord. These men looked at their abilities. They walked by the flesh. They never believed in the God of Even after all the miracles performed among them. They took the promises of God lightly and therefore they became a stumbling block because of their unbelief. Such men live among us. Praise the name of the Lord. You will go and tell them. I believe God. I believe all the promises. And then he will tell you, I was sick. I didn't get healed. Why do you believe God for Praise the name of the Lord. These are the people. These are the spies. Praise the name of the Lord. Paul says in the book of Philippians chapter 3 and then verse 18 for many walk of whom I have told you often and now tell you even weeping that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ whose end is destruction whose body is their belly and whose glory is in their shame who mind earthly things for our conversation is in heaven from where also we look for the Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. Philippians 3:18 Praise the name of the Lord. Paul is talking about the kind of people that search the land that receive the promises of God and they disbelieve them. And some of them they receive the promises of God and they think that it is their abilities that is going to give them this. Praise the name of the Lord. But the promises of God are fulfilled by God himself. when he promises you that I'm going to heal you. You know there are many promises of God but I love to give I love giving an example of healing because it is a common thing that we all go through. So when God tells you I'm going to heal you. It is not you that heal yourself. God himself that comes down and grants you the healing. that these men here thought that the promise of God is fulfilled. Maybe when I do this, when I do this, when I do the other, praise the name of the Lord. But God proves every day that he's the one that brings to us the fulfillment of his word. Praise the name of the Lord. And that is the difference. Joshua and Caleb had told these people because when Joshua's time came Joshua told these people that if if it go to us the land let's turn to the book of you know numbers 14 and then verse 6 says and Joshua let's begin from verse five it says then Moses and fell on their faces before the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel. And Joshua the son of Nan and Caleb the son of Jeffa which were of them that searched the land read their clothes. And they spake unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, "The land which we pass through to search it is an exceeding good land." Praise the name of the Lord. So here Joshua and had the same testimony with the other 10 spies and they said that indeed the land we search is good is exceedingly good. The picture says that Joshua and Khaled they rent their clothes because they saw that distant spies are bringing a reproach in the word of God in the name of God showing the people. God can fail to give what he has promised. And the scripture says down in verse eight, the Lord lighten us to bring us into this land. Joshua and we're not depending on their own abilities. If the Lord delight in us, if the Lord is pleased in us, he will give us the land. It is not us who are going to fight for the land. It is not us who are going to bring the right to God. All that we have to do to obey the word of the Lord. Obey the promises of God. Believe the promises of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Except that we cannot have anything because these men refuse to believe the word of God and they walked by what they wanted. Praise the name of the Lord. So Joshua continues and says and he says in verse 9 rebel not he against the Lord. Don't rebel. Don't you disbelieve the word of God to believe every word of God because that's what God requires us to do is to believe all his word to believe all his word is to believe whatever he has revealed in our day by it not leave out anything. Praise the name of the Lord. God requires us. Listen what the prophet says in the message of the eagle in her nest. He says she goes just as high as she can go. Those little igllets not ming a bit. Not they got their little big set in them feathers. They just can't mama. And that's the way God takes his church. If you are really set in the word, you don't mama. You just hold on. Praise the name of the Lord. That's where Joshua and stood. Indeed, they saw the the anarch the anarchies. They saw the giants. They saw the sonas. They saw the friends and the walls. But they never murmured. They believed that God promised he's going to give Israel the land. He continues and says, "If God made the promise, God can keep his promise." because they just hold on. And she takes them in two places. They never thought they would ever be when she's soing up on she goes into the bright blue sky. And now the strange thing when she gets up there, she checks them everyone off right up there. Praise the name of the Lord. He says when she gets up there in the blue sky, the mother eagle shakes them off. Praise the name of the Lord. And they begin, you know, crying out. And and he says, "That's the way God does his church. Shakes them off. fly for yourself. And the strange thing, as she checks them off, she doesn't leave them. She makes a big circle and goes out and flies around watching them. And there those little fellows knowing what to do. For the first time, they are flapping their little wings or they turning over some some salts. and everything else. But they are flapping anyhow. They're making some kind of an effort. And if there there ever was a time that the church needs to do some flapping. Now the little eagles are not worried. They all together aware. She just flies around in the name of the Lord. If those little eagles there They they they they try their first you know sort of of of flying but they are not worried about anything because they know their mother is running around flying around them in the name of the Lord. So they know what they are trying out but their mother is right around. How much how much more should we be that our God of all heavens and earth who gives us the unfailing word. He has given us the promise. He has given each one of us. How much should we be sure that the promise will be fulfilled? Praise the name of the Lord. So he continues and says that's our great mother, the Holy Spirit. So don't be afraid of the of fantism of wildfire. Our mother is watching over us. She makes those circles and and is she fast, you should see her. And the thing of it is she can pick as many up and if a little fell is exhausted, just stand over and over and over and can't catch his breath. She can catch one with her foot and another with her foot or catch it in her mouth. All the little eagles are so carefree because they are not resting in their own ability but they are resting in the ever presence and the ability of their mother who is watching over them. Oh my. As long as he's watching, as long as it's his word, as long as he has packed you out here. And what are you scared about? They are just having an oldfashioned Pentecostal jubile up there just trying to act like the mother and she's watching over them because they are Oh, how beautiful it is. Brother, it's not what I can do but what God has promised me. Amen. He will do it and a total surrender is what I need. The 10 spies never had that revelation. They looked at their abilities. They realized they couldn't manage which was very right. But they did surrender to God himself. So this evening the mountain before us praise the name of the lord we shouldn't fear the circumstances we shouldn't look at the at the symptoms around us stand and say god you promise and you able to fulfill it is not me ability but you're more than able to perform that you promised that's where stood praise the name of the lord and as long and Joshua standing on back and certain that they are going to cross Jordan. these people by seeing the promised land and the thorns around it. I said we can't cross and indeed they died in the way. Praise the name of the Lord in perfect strength by perfect weakness. He says when we are insufficient ourselves then we are subject to yield to God's spirit as long as we think that we can do it. then we can't do it. But when we get to a place where we know we can't do it, then we yield ourself to God and he does it. So then if it is us trying to do it, we will fire. But if we will just yield ourselves to God, then God can't fire. There is only one thing that God cannot do. And that is fail. He can do anything else but fail. He cannot fail. So as long as we are trying in ourselves and depending on our own abilities and so forth, why we will do nothing. But when we get to a place where we know we are nothing, then God can use us. Praise the name of the Lord. That's where we need to be today that we can completely surrender to God for him to lead us to strengthen us, perform his will in us, not ask ourselves, depending on our mind, depending on our abilities, but to make a complete surrender. In paragraph 57, he says, "And make a complete surrender. We cannot use our ability. We go to make a complete surrender. To come to God, you've got to surrender to him both soul, body, and spirit. Praise the name of the Lord. Everything that you are has to be surrendered to God in order that he can work his way in you and in me. Now that's hard I know cuz we are always wanting to put our part in something that we know you know that we want to do it. We say I just know it should be done this way. But as long as you are doing it that way it's going to be wrong and God will never use that. Praise the name of the Lord. Are we together friends? Let's start to numbers 14. And then verse 24, the scripture says, "But my servant, because he had another spirit with him, and hath followed me fully, him will I bring into the land, where he went, and his seed shall possess it." What did he do? The scripture say, He had another spirit. And then there is another thing that he speaks about. He hath followed me fully. Are we following the Lord fully? That should be our desire that we follow God fully. We follow his word fully. We obey him fully. We don't take out anything. We don't add anything. that we follow him according to his word. Every letter, every revelation that has been given to us, let's follow the Lord without adding anything or removing anything. So we find that testimony was not a understanding. It was not after a certain group resolution. It was a spiritual revelation because the scripture is telling us he had another spirit. And when you have that spirit, it'll bring the spiritual revelation of God and thus will not walk by the body by the flesh, but that spirit. Praise the name of the Lord. Because we are certain the same way that Paul says in the book of first Corinthians, And then chapter one rather 1 Corinthians chapter 1 verse 19. Let's speak it in 2 Corinthians chapter 1 verse 18. He says, "But as God is true, our word toward you was not yay and nigh. For the son of God, Jesus Christ, who was preached among you, by us, even by me, and Sylvanas and Timoththeus was not yay and nay, but in him was yay." Verse 20, for all the promises of God, in him I y and in him amen and the glory of God by us. Wow. Yes. Wow. Wow. 21. Praise the name of the Lord. So in verse 20, he says, "For all the promises of God in him they are." Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. So we have to get in him for all his promises to be yay. I hope we are working together. Praise the name of the Lord. So the prophet Isaiah in the message Jesus Christ the same yesterday and forever. I want to make a follow up on this scripture. He says, "Now I believe that healing is in the atonement." That it was included when Isaiah said he was wounded for our transgression. With his stripes, we are healed. When Jesus died at Calvary, he saved every sinner that ever was. Praise the name of the Lord. So if your mountain tonight is to attain salvation, it is yours in him. Praise the name of the Lord. He says he saved every sinner that ever was, but it will never do you no good until you personally accept it as your personal savior. And he healed every sick person. That would ever be sick, but it will never do you no good. until you accept it as your own personal property. He was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we were healed. It's all past tense. All of God can do for you. He has already done. He has already did when he when he Jesus died to reconcile sinners and back to Christ at Calvary. Now, that's the gospel, friends. As clear as I know, It's the individual now. Maybe well what's what's the use in preaching? That's what a minister is for. God sent preachers to preach the word. When you hear it, search it. See, it's the truth. Accept it. Now, if the preacher doesn't save you, this message doesn't save you. Your personal faith in a risen Lord Jesus is what saves you. No matter how much you would cry, how loud you would holler, how much you would take on, it will never save you until you believe it with all your heart and stand up and confess it. For he is the high priest of our confession. Hebrews 3. All what we confess is the high priest to make intercession upon what we confess is the truth. Anything that was included in the atonement is the personal property of every believer. When a man gets saved or a woman, boy or girl, God gives them a check as it was with Jesus's name at the bottom of every check for anything for anything redemptive blessing that Jesus died for it is your personal property. Don't be afraid. to fill it out. The bank of heaven will recognize that. Praise the name of the Lord. So for us to take the mountains before us, to take the blessings before us, take the promises before us, to stand in the word of God today, to stand the prophecy today. What we have to do is to believe the word accept it because it is all ours. Not what we have done but what he has done. Praise the name of the Lord. But yet these 10 spies Joshua went over and brought back the evidence to him and what did they do? They mured. They disbelieved. We shouldn't stand their friends. That's the message tonight. If we are to stand like and say Joshua give my mountain, we must believe every word that God has given us. every revelation that God has given us because it is until it is a revelation that it can edify the world. So when it is revealed to you, take it, believe it, live by it, let it, you know, multiply in you, they bring the first fruit that Moses, you know, told them to bring, go and search the land and come with a fruit. And when you come back believe your faith is the word. Praise the name of the Lord. And that's you know what always gives us the victory standing with the word in all situations. The prophet has told us about the eagle, the mother eagle and the igllet. She lifts them up and they try out. It's not easy. But the prophet side they do not mama. All they have to do is to try out believing. It's not them. Mother is watching. They do not fall to the ground. They are trying to go lift them up again. Praise the name of the Lord. He restores us. He revives us. Let's continue believing his word and standing on all the promises God has given us this day. That's why the prophet says in the message if God has made a promise, God will keep that promise. Being fully persuaded that what he promised he was able to perform, God keeps his promise. And Abraham was fully persuaded. No matter how ridiculous, it looked to the mind or anyone else. It looked all right to Abraham because Abraham never looked at so much at what the promise was. Oh, how ridiculous it was. He looked at who gave the promise in the name of the Lord. And then he says, "It depends on what you are looking at. If you are looking at the giants, you were not able. But if you are looking at who gave the promise, you are more than able. Praise the name of the Lord. In Deuteronomy, chapter 1 verse 36, as I try to finish here, the scripture says, save the son of Jeff, he shall see it. And to him will I give the land that he hath trodden upon unto his children because he has wed the Lord. Amen. Amen. You see the reason why God is speaking about taking the land. He fold the Lord holy take a portion and leave another. Praise the name of the Lord. He followed the Lord in all that was revealed to him. That's why Jesus turned to the disciples and said to whom much is given much is expected. But whom little is given it is expected. So when he brings to you the revelation and you don't walk by it, praise the name of the Lord. You see, so the scripture continues and say searched the promises and stood in the promises like Abraham, calling the things that were not as though they were. The land he searched is what God gave him. The land he searched is what God gave him because he followed the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Where he went, the areas he walked through. Are we together friends? When we are praying, we have got in the spirit which mountains do we search when we come to church. and we sit down there. Which mountains are we searching? Are you picking it for the neighbor or you're taking it for yourself? Are you proclaiming the promises of God? Are you calling on the Holy Ghost to come and work in you? What are you searching? Are you seated here? Because the scripture tells us what where stood where he walked where his foot stood is what God gave him. So when we come here, we should come to search the land. And when we reach the promises to them that die in Christ, the promises to them that live in Christ, he says we shall be caught up when the rapture is taking place. It is them that are in Christ. Are you searching that promise this week? God will grant it unto you because he says where you put your foot, the mountain you search, that's what he gives to you. I just want to get here to finish up where we started from in the book of Joshua chapter 14 and then verse 16. So when they crossed the land when rather when they crossed Jordan after all those things that we have been sharing here Joshua and believing the Lord and following the word of the Lord walking with every every revelation that God gave them Joshua knew that God promised Abraham to give him the land. So he didn't, you know, deviate from the word, from the promise, but he walked with it. And the 10 spies, they came back not respecting the word of God, but disbelieving it. You know like some of us maybe someone out there may say God said I'm meant to do this but as it's not applicable today it's a different generation you know yesterday we were talking to some brother out there and then we were sharing about the scripture the letters of Paul and then he was telling us that you see was writing to different churches according to their situations. So some of those things do not apply to us. And someone may stand and say that you see the prophet the things that he spoke they were in the in the in the 60s they don't apply now. That's the portion of the 10 spies. Praise the name of the Lord. They want to take a portion and they say the land we saw it is good. But the soldiers and the word that God gave to Abraham maybe it does not apply now. That's why they disbelieved it. Otherwise why would they you know begin to say that we are not able Yeah, they have walked. God has been with them crossing the Red Sea. It wasn't them. It was God. Praise the name of the Lord. They got in the wilderness. It wasn't them that provided the water. It was God. Praise the name of the Lord. And then they reach somewhere. And they say, "The God that has made us cross the Red Sea, that has given us meat in the wilderness, has given us the water in the wilderness, that has protected us from the wilderness, from the wild animals. He's not able to give us this land. Friends, we shouldn't stand there." So in Joshua 14:6, let's wind up The scripture says, "Then the children of Judah came unto Joshua in Gilgard, and the son of Jeff theite said unto him, thou knowest a thing that the Lord said unto Moses, the man of God concerning me, and praise the name of the Lord has a reference. He's saying God spoke. I'm here today to proclaim it. Praise the name of the Lord. And then he says in verse seven, 40 years old was I when Moses the servant of the Lord sent me from Kadesh. to espy out the land. And I brought him word again as it was in mine heart. Nevertheless, my brethren that went up with me made the heart of the people melt. But I holy folded the Lord. Listen to the testimony of Calb in verse seven what he says. I brought him a word again as it was in my heart. Not as it was in the Bible, not as it was in the message. It had moved from the scrolls to the heart. Praise the name of the Lord. Are we together friends? So even today you should move from the message to the heart and then you say as it is in my heart. Are we together friends? And then he continues and says that my brethren cause the reproach you know made the heart of the people to melt. And he says, "But I I f the Lord holy." Praise the name of the Lord. And he continues and says, "And Moses swore on that day, saying, Surely the land where on thy feet have trodden shall be thine inheritance, and thy children is because thou has holy fold the Lord my God. And now, behold, the Lord hath kept me alive. as he said this 40 and five years. So, Calb also points out that even him being alive up to that day, it wasn't himself. It wasn't because you know he did specific things on some days. Maybe because he was so healthy. Maybe because he didn't drive a car that he couldn't get an accident. Maybe because you know there are many things that as of now are considered as risky things that can lead you to die. But says not because I watched my life. Praise the name of the Lord. But he says, "Behold, the Lord has kept me alive." That's a testimony that we should also have. Praise the name of the Lord. He says, "He has kept he has kept me alive for all these 40 years." And then he says, "Ever since the Lord spake this word to Moses, where the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness, And he says now, "Lord, I am this day four and five years old." And then he says, "As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me." Praise the name of the Lord. Which man at 85? Which man at 85? ready to go to war. This man here still wasn't depending upon this flesh was looking up. Listen what he says now. He says in verse verse 12 maybe let's continue. He says as yet as as yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me. As my strength was then strength now for both for both to go out and to come in. Now now therefore give me this mountain whereof the Lord spake in that day. For thou had in that day all the anime were there and and that that the cities were great and fed. If so be if so be the Lord will be with me then I shall be able to drive them out as the Lord side. He's still not standing upon this flesh. He's standing upon the Lord. He says, "If the Lord will be with me, praise the name of the Lord." That's the testimony of every Christian. If so, the Lord be with me, then I shall be able to drive them out as the Lord's side. Praise the name of the Lord. So everyone has a mountain. And if we are faithful and search these promises, following the Lord in all things while looking on the unseen, friends, God is more than able to give us the promises and the blessings and all things that are lied in his scriptures. All that we've got to do is to believe him and wait on him. Praise the name of the Lord. As I finish, just want to read you one one quote here. The prophet says in letting off the pressure, [Music] letting off the pressure. Now today that's the refuge that we have. Look what happens when we are recognized. When we are recognized, he was our substitutionary death. When we realize it is not our righteousness but his when we accept him as our personal savior then we go to the grave with him in baptism and we die with him. If you don't you shouldn't be buried. So when you are dead and confess your sins and call yourself a sinner and ask for the mercy and are buried with Christ, we are also risen with him again. And now being raised from sin, being raised from the dead in the likeness of his resurrection, we are raised up from the life of sin and sitting with him in heavenly places and filled with the Holy Ghost with the evidence of eternal life that we are already raised up from the dead. Our souls are alive tonight with Christ because sin is beneath us and we've rised from there which is the earnest of our resurrection. Praise the name of the Lord. in the message God in his word. He says there is a good lesson right there for a minute. God is word said to Moses. Palestine belongs to the children of Israel. Palestine belong. Now God could could have went up there and could have went up there and shed every one of them free stains. So forth out then said come on Moses just come up and set down. What the prophet is trying to say here is that God would have taken Palestine, all the promised land and removed all the ans and everyone and called Moses and all the children of Israel, come and sit down here, you know. And then he says, "Sit down, take it easy." But Moses, Joshua, and Israel had to fight for every inch of the ground. And every promise in the book is yours, but God will never give it to you, and you lay back on a bed of ease. You for every inch you get. He told Joshua, "Every place the saw of your foot treads that I have given you." Footprints meant victory. And it is the same thing tonight. If you are paralyzed and can't wiggle a finger, say, "God, I want to wiggle a finger." That's right. You promised me I could do it. I'll lay there and wiggle till I do wiggle it. That's right. God made the promise. God, you told me I could put my foot on the floor. And here it comes. Here it comes. Yes, Lord. It's It's coming. Just keep on till you do put your foot on the floor. That is it. Fight for every inch. So when you realize the prophet was not talking about getting you know your fist ready to fighting in the word God you said you'll heal my leg I'm going to believe you and you step persistently you believe the word of God amidst all contradictions you stand there. That's where was among all the children of Israel, he had a mountain that belonged to him. And every one of us here, we have a mountain that belongs to us individually. All that we have to do is to get in the spirit of the Lord and search the storehouse of God and see the promises of God. And then we proclaim them there. Every day you call on the Lord. Lord, this is the mountain I'm I'm proclaiming. I'm climbing it. Lord gave it to me. You said it is mine. Not because of this, not because I'm better. But you said you'll do it. Just like salvation. You know, you know pastor, you know, teaches this it here. It's not what we have done. God has done it. God has done it. It's a mountain that God put for every elect. As long as you are an elect, salvation is yours. The Holy Ghost is your mountain. Proclaim him. Just call on him. Say, "This is the mountain I want today. This is my mountain. I'm not going to go away until you give him to me. It's not hard just to stand like as it was in my heart. Let the scriptures come in your heart. Let the message come in your heart. Not to walk with it, but to it to be in your heart. Say as it is in my heart. Believe it and I take it. Following the word holy, not to take a portion. and leave another or add unto it, but to walk with it the way it is revealed to you. Praise the name of the Lord. God is so gracious. I hope God has passed your way. Praise the name of the Lord. I didn't go this way. Praise the name of the Lord. As we wind up, let's sing that song that says the father's love. How deep the father's love. How deep the father's love for us. was beyond all measure that he should give his only son to. Oh, how great the pal sing. Oh, the father turns his face away as wounds which mother chose one. Bring many sons to glory. Behold the man upon the cross. My sin upon his shoulders. [Music] A shame thy moing call among the sc it was my sin. Hallelujah. Oh, [Music] I know that. [Music] I will not [Music] boast. Oh yes, his day. and raise our lamb. Oh, why should I guide from his reward? I cannot give a doubt. [Music] This I know with all my heart. These words are upon [Music] my Let's repeat that again. I will not bo [Music] just like how he stood before Joshua and said if God be with me I'll be able to drive all the kids out of the As we are going to pray this moment, [Music] oh my God. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. How my soul. Just take time and speak to the Lord. Take time and speak to the Lord. For before you is a mountain. Before you is a blessing. Before you is a promise. And many times like we have seen in the word that he brings a certain pattern in the wilderness. And he says get in the spirit and search the storehouse. The mountain that you choose, the mountain that you walk upon that I will give you if you follow my word on it. Oh, praise the name of the Lord. He loves us so much that he hold us. He holds us with his hands. It is not you holding. It is the Lord holding you. No one. The scripture says, "What shall separate us from the love of God? Will it be tribulations, persecution? Nothing. Because it is him that is holding us. Any promises that he has given is coming daily to fulfill it. Oh, praise the name the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Heavenly Father, as your children are calling upon you, Father, we are sure and we are certain that you are with us here. You said you'll walk with us just through the service. Father, you have been father speaking to us, showing us heavenly father, that it is not what we can do. It is not what we have learned. It is not what father we are all the strength that we have but the promise the word you have given father that's all that we need to overcome the enemy to overcome all addictions to overcome father all circumstances we just have to hold your word father and follow your word holy heavenly father we pray and I lay your children father that is seeking after the bs of the holy spirit it is the mountain you your healing and it's not anyone father that that gets it by his mouth. You gave them by them following your word. Father also father anyone that is sick. Father may you heal them because you say you are the heal of all our diseases. Heavenly father all your children they have different father but Lord Jesus they have different father. So Lord, father what you have been calling this evening as a mountain. So may you visit them oh God and grant unto them the way you allowed to live for 45 years waiting upon his mountain and when he reached father beyond Jordan he was able father to climb for his mountain. Our fathers we claim for our mountains father may you grant unto us father those mountains oh lord we shall not fear we shall not father mama we shall not comply but father throughout the m at the wilderness of par father we are believing you and we shall walk with your word oh how you love us [Music] father we thank you Lord Jesus We bless your name, Lord. Father, we remember our pastors, Lord. May you touch them, Lord. Continue to anoint them. Continue to inspire them. Continue to grant them good health, Lord Jesus. For the burden is big. The field is big. They can't do it themselves. But every day they stand as God says if God be with me, I'll perform his work. I'll perform his will. Father, we commit them into your hands. Take them father and lead them every day. Give them the strength to perform your will. Protect them father as they go out into the distances. Father, bless their families. Oh heavenly father, bless the work of their hands. Lord Jesus, we pray for the congregation. Heavenly, our brothers here and sisters, Lord, those who have not those who have not been able to come. We remember them also. And may you cause the same blessing put upon those who are present here, even those that are away. Father we pray and among us that is afflicted that is weak that is weary you are the only one father that revives father a weak soul when you meet them and revive them hear their prayers Lord and answer them oh bless the work of their hands oh heavenly father protect them oh kingom of glor Jesus Christ give them favor Lord Jesus to make them a blessing or king of glory whatever they do heavenly father it may be a blessing to all the people that they live with them also my savior as they hear word of yah king of glory to pro to prophesy again we love you and we appreciate you remember the minister's father that minister here May you bless them heaven. May you continue to anoint them king of glory father good health lord father use them oh my savior to prepare your body for the rapture that is at hand. We appreciate your heavenly father bless us all together and may your king of glory help us to continue in the love and the unity of the body of the lord Jesus because that's the evidence say that by this I shall know that you are my disciples. We appreciate you and thank you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Let's just sing that uh the first as the pastor comes. How deep the father's love for us. How [Music] fast your holy son to God. [Music] How great the pain of searing glory. The father turns the face away which mother dwells [Music] in his son to glory. Amen. You appreciate our brother. Amen. Amen. and praise the name of our Lord. We appreciate God for coming and visiting us that way. The mountain of Calb. Praise the name of our Lord. And whatever need you have as long as it is in the promise of God, that's your possession. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's what Calb was claiming. He claimed what he searched. He said, "God Joshua, give me my mountain." And each and every one of us, we have needs in our lives. And we have promises of God. And you know, God said, whatever you have need of, whatever you desire, we have different needs. Praise the name of our Lord. Take that position as yours believing that God gives it to you. Praise the name of our Lord. So don't be scared to claim your mountain. Praise the name of God. Good health is my possession. A job is my possession. Passing exams is my possession. Marrying is my possession. Having my own home is my possession. Having an income is my possession. Whatever you have need of take possession of it believing in the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. I was happy that a mountain is an inheritance. And you know at the end of the day we are all inheriting a mountain, the new Jerusalem. Praise the name of as our inheritance. when we have overcome praise the name of so come the end of the service on Sunday we have two services so pray for brother Andreas Andreas he's traveling tomorrow in the he's actually traveling this tomorrow morning and then he will reach tomorrow night so you pray for him then pastor will be going there on Friday morning to pick him And then on Saturday he's going to preach in [Music] Toro. Then on Sunday preaches here. Then Tuesday next week we'll be preaching in district. So we just keep those meetings in prayer. They come with a lot of precious. Praise the name of our Lord. And I don't want to forget to remind you. We are going to have a joint lunch on Sunday. Kindly make your contribution there. Let us learn to sacrifice. Even when you have little 1,000 can buy a sucket of salt, you can buy two bottles of water. So you know that I'm going to drink and another person also going to drink. 1,000. We just want to encourage you to participate in the things of God. The more you put in the kingdom is the more God supplies. We've we've seen this God doing it. So we just encourage you learn to see that you are blessed by giving. Praise the name of. Let us close the word of prayer. Father we thank you. We give praise to your holy name. Have you spoken to our hearts this evening? Thank you for coming our way, Lord. May you help us, heavenly father, that every day, Lord Jesus, we may take possession of your promises depending on what we have need for the needs are endless and the promises are also endless. We pray that every day Lord you take our possession. We want to thank for the minister you've used anointing one at his church in May. Bless his family like us and Lord even as we leave this place we pray that you may grant us traveling mercy deliver us to our home safely. Bless the meetings also taking place tomorrow. missionary places. Lord, we also pray for brother Andreas that Lord may grant him mercies as he starts the journey tomorrow and deliver him safely Lord and use him for all the meetings in Uganda. May you father watch over his life and bless his church and family back home. We want to thank you and bless you in the name of the Lord Jesus. We pray and ask. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you so much. Thank you, brother Dan, for standing in the gap. Calb was not around. Joshua was not around and we appreciate Dan standing in. Praise the name of Let us sing that song. Take a closer walk with thee as we go out. I am weak but though I are [Music] strong. Jesus keep me from all. I'll be sisied as [Music] long as I will. Let me walk close to thee. Just close our walk with thee. Granted Jesus is my plea. [Music] Daily walking close to thee. Let it be. They alone. Let it [Music] be through this world of [Applause] [Music] to the Lord who care. [Music] Oh, with me by shares. Nonely, oh dear Lord, not [Music] badly. Just a closer walk with you, Lord. [Music]
