################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - Love   Bro Talenga Wilson    16.04.2025 - Talenga Wilson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-16
Title:    Love  | Bro Talenga Wilson  |  16.04.2025
Speaker:  Talenga Wilson
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 53m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yf2BNNIEXR8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
the Lord too. How great [Music] the How great ths my soul my savior go to thee. How great thou art. How great thou were. When through the woods and forest glads I wonder I hear the birds sing sweetly in the tree. When I look down from lofty mount ground and hear the broom and feel the gentle bleed. Then sings my song my savior go to. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then seeks my soul my savior go to. How great the heart. How great thou art. And when I think that God is not sparing sent him to die, I scars can take it here. That on the cross my burden gladly bearing. He bled and down. Then sings my soul. My savior go to thee. How great thou. How great thou [Music] are. Then seeks my soul, my savior go to thee. [Music] How great are great though when Christ shall come with a shout of acclamation and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. Then I shall bow in a more adoration and the proclaim my good. Then sings my song. Let us get on our feet. How great thou [Music] are. How great thou then seeks my soul. My savior born to him. How great the world. How great they are. Once again, when Christ shall come, when Christ shall come, with a shout of clation, and take me home, while you shall fill my heart, then I shall bow. in humble [Music] adoration. Then sings my soul. [Music] sins. My savior go to how great thou [Music] are. Then sits my soul. [Music] How great the How great thou art. How great the world. [Music] Let us sing that song which says, "Would you be free from your burdens of sin?" There is power in the blood. Would you be free from your bens of sin? There is power in the blood. Power in the blood. Lord ever evil. A victory. There is wonderful power in the blood. There is power. Power. Wonder working in the blood. Precious blood. Hallelujah. There is power, wondering power in our praise. Would you be free from your passion and crime? There is power come for a glazing to calary time. There is wonderful there is power. under working. In the blood, precious blood of the lamb there is power. Wonder working in the breath of the lamb. Would you be wider? Much wider than snow. There is power. Power in the blood. Sin stains are lost in its life. Giving flow. There is wonderful power in them. There is power, wonder working power found in the blood. Precious blood. Halleluah. There is in the preious blood no to service for Jesus your king. There is power in the blood. [Music] power. Would you live daily his presence? There is wonderful. There is power. Precious blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. There is power, power, wonder working power in them. know the [Music] lamb. Give him a hand of [Music] praise. Let's sing that song. My hope is beauty or nothing less. [Music] [Music] My hope is beautiful on nothing less. Sorry. Sorry. The keys. [Music] My hope is pure. Oh, nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. Thy will not trust the sweetest name. Oh holy on Jesus name. Let us sing it together. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus and guide no trust holy on Jesus. Amen. I wanted to know how you sing it. So you are singing it good. Let us sing it with energy. Amen. My hope is be nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest flame but holy in oh Jesus name on Christ the soul Christen all the ground is seeking sun all The ground is seeking sun. When darkness seems to hide his face, unchanging grace in every high and sto my anchor hold within the veil on Christ the soul broke Christ. All other ground is seeking sun. All other ground is seeking sun. His oath is gold. Ven and his blood sought me in. Thou will be flood. way. All around my soul gives way. He then is all my hope and stay. All Christ the only lead. All other ground is seeking sun. All other ground is seeking sun. And he shall come with trumpet sound. Oh may I then in him be found grace in his [Music] righteousness alone forless to stand before the throne. on Christ does all other ground is seeking [Music] soning son Christ the holy All other ground is seeking sun. All other ground is seeking sun. All other grounds are seeking sands. Whether it is your thinking, whether it is what you uh you know about it is just a sinking sand. Amen. But we depend on his righteousness, his blood and his grace. Amen. Let us sing this song as we prepare to talk to to him each and everyone. It says, "What would you give in exchange for your soul? What would you give it is the song brother from the Savior today risking your soul for the things that decay. Oh, if today God should call it away, what would you give in exchange for your soul? Mercy is calling you. Won't you give heed? Ask Daniel your savior still tenderly plead. Risk not your sorrow. Indeed, what would you give in exchange for yours? Oh yes. What would you give? What would you give? We put our hands together. [Music] Let us put our hands [Music] together. What would you give in exchange for your soul? What would you give? Amen. Oh yes, what would you give in exchange for your soul? Oh, if today God should call it away, what would you give in exchange for? Once again, mercy, mercy is calling you. Master Savior still tender. Risk not your soul. It's precious. Oh, what would you give in exchange for your soul? Oh, what would you give? What would you give? What would you give in exchange for your soul? For if today God should call each, what would you give in exchange for yours? Let us start to sing. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for your goodness. Lord, indeed, Father, Lord Jesus, our souls, Lord, how precious, Lord, because there is the Holy Ghost in it, Father. Lord God, thank you for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for your love, Lord, because your love doesn't fail, Lord. And God is not father, Lord Jesus, is not of days, but is eternal. That's why we say Lord what will we give Lord in exchange for our souls because our souls Lord are eternal Lord Jesus we pray Lord Jesus that you may maintain Lord your presence with us Lord as you are with father Lord God Abraham Lord like every time you wanted to go to the earth you visited his house Lord we pray Lord Jesus that you may come Lord slow down and visit our homes every day, Lord, because we know time is now spent, Father, is fast, Lord. Lord, we pray, Father, Lord Jesus, for ourselves, Lord, that you may, Father, take him to the faith which was once delivered to the saints. Lord, we thank you, Lord, until we be father Lord Jesus Christ living a Lord. Father, if there is, Father, some some way, Lord God, when your word is not fully in us, Lord, we pray Lord Jesus that you may pour more of yourself, Lord, in our hearts, that we may live, Father, according to what the word says, Lord. Lord Jesus, as you said, we love our enemies, Lord. We know, Father, humanity cannot do it, Lord, but it is the power of God. Lord Jesus, you said Lord, whoever shall receive Jesus, he has given them power to become sons of God. We thank you for the blood. We thank you for your righteousness, Lord. And we thank you, Lord Jesus, for the spirit, Lord, in us which cries aba father. Lord God, aba father meaning, Lord God, we thank you, Lord, because you've begotten us, Lord. You've made us sons and daughters of God. We thank you Jesus. We pray Lord that Lord Jesus this unity may abide Lord the unity of the Holy Spirit which is the word of God which binds us together Lord. We thank you father. We may differ Lord Jesus in ideas Lord. We may define knowledge Lord but Lord Jesus the word is the supreme father unity. It is the word Lord Jesus which unites us Lord. We thank you Lord. May you guide us Lord as we walk father the ways of righteousness Lord. We thank you Lord. [Music] Oh, if you go should call it a way, what would you give in exchange for your soul? [Music] More than the silver and gold of the earth, more than that you thy spirit is worth. God the creator has given it birth. What would you give in exchange for yours? as the minister steps forward. Oh yes, what would you give? What would you give in exchange for your soul? Oh, if you got you call it away, what would you give in exchange for your soul? If you stand at the bar by and by when you are waiting the palace on high, you should be sentest forever to die. What would you give in exchange for your soul? What would you do? What would you do? What would [Music] you call it? [Music] What do you do? What do [Music] you should call it? What would you give in for your [Music] soul? Amen. What would you give in exchange for your soul? Let's sing that song that says the love of God. Amen. Amen. The love of God is greater than tangle pain can never go beyond beyond the highest star. Oh, and reaches to the lowest. The guilty pay the guilty bear. Oh, that with care. Oh, God gave his son. God gave his son. is there. Oh god, bon from me. See no love. [Music] Oh, love of God. How rich is how rich and you how measure, how meantless. [Music] Oh, it shall for you. The saint the s your soul could we with thee. The ocean feels and will the stars. [Music] fashioned where every stroke on earth where every st every on earth will and [Music] every man ascribe to write a love to write a Love God. Yes. Would rain. Would rain sh. Oh no. The scr. [Music] All those stretch from sky. Those stretch from sky to sky. Oh love of God. Oh love. Oh love of God. How rich you are rich and few. How meant how me son's true. Oh, it shall glory forever. [Music] And [Music] you [Music] th precious heavenly father. How we want to thank you for your marvelous love that Lord you've had towards us father as sinner like we are but you still loved us and you brought us yourself and you showed us mercy and you brought us close to you that we could be called sons and daughters of God. We thank you for such a grace that rewrote our history. Father we thank you God and Lord Father we want to pray that you may give us the grace that father we may carry this same love and be able to express the same love unto our brethren to them that need it. to everyone father that you've called unto this flock even to those that you've not yet called but that the same love that you've loved us we may love them sinners father and bring them unto repentance Lord God we thank you for tonight and I appreciate you for the services Lord I appreciate you for the grace you've had upon me Lord stand behind a veil be able to speak tonight the purchase Lord of your blood. Father, I want father to give unto our pastor Lord that you may bless him and Lord may bless him father as he travels tonight upon him Lord and father protect them all the way to and fro on their trip even for our pastor. We pray for him Lord as he ministers out there that Lord may grant him special grace. Minister unto the souls that you placed out there for this for father for the service tonight and commit it into your hand that you may come and bless it father it may be a blessing to us when we are here. may be a blessing to us when we leave this place. We love and trust you, Father. We believe that you're here. Two or three shall gather. Believe Lord that you're here to speak to us to encourage us. You're here to give us special grace on the journey that we are moving to trust your presence in our midst in the most precious name Jesus Christ we pray and leave. Amen. Amen. You love him. Amen. Amen. I want to appreciate the Lord that he has given us grace once again to come and fellowship. Amen. And I want to say God bless you all for coming and be part of the fellowship. Amen. Are you happy with the house of the Lord? Amen. I want to appreciate the presence of our pastor. Amen. Amen. He's right there. I thought he's not around. Thank God that has given him the grace to be part of us. Amen. Amen. We are going to have a a very simple sermon tonight and I pray that you pray together with me and deliver this thought that God has put on my heart. Amen. Amen. So we shall be speaking about love. Amen. The pastor has been taking a few about love and affection one for another morning devotions. One time he was speaking about love and affection. Amen. Amen. And I had heard had this on my mind. I had had this on my mind. and he was speaking what the Lord has had put on my on my heart. So given opportunity tonight we shall be talking about love. Let's start the book of first John chapter 13. John 13 verse 34-35. Amen. Amen. The Bible says, "A new command, a new commandment I give unto you, that you love one another, as I have loved you, that you also love one another. And the New International Version says, "A new command I give you. Love one another as I have loved you. So you must love one another. By this everyone will know that you are my disciples. If you love one another. [Music] Yes. May the Lord add a blessed where we may get seated. Amen. Amen. So now we are talking about love and that's why I sang that song the love of God and the song writer was trying to express the understanding of the love of God. And he said it is greater a fact than human tongue can tell. In other words, we can't tell it all and says not even pain can attempt to write it and exist it. And he went ahead and said if the entire cloud was made a book and all the people praise the Lord writing sticks or pens and then all the oceans, all the lakes and rivers were made ink to try to write the love of God. He say the oceans would all dry up. All the legs would dry up. They could not they cannot attempt to write the love of God and exhaust it. Praise the Lord. How great it is. And then he said that now that he loved us with that same love and he called us with that same love. He says then express this same love one for another loved you. He said a new commandment I give unto you as you love one another as I have loved you. So you must love one another. Praise the Lord. Now when you love one another and you extend this same love, the rest of the people, we know that you are my disciples. Now we are known that we are the disciples of the Lord if we love one another. Praise the Lord. One another has no boundaries because the love of God, no boundaries, it is measurless. So now if it is measurless, he has given us the same measure of love. The love with which we should love one another boundaries. You have no reason. There's no excuse. Not loving your brother, not loving your sister, you must love one another. And then Romans 12:10, it says, "Be kindly affection one to another with bloody love in honor, preferring one another. Not lawful in business. Not lawful in business. Favor in spirit. Serving the Lord. Rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continuing continuing instant in prayer. Verse 14, bless them which persecute you. Bless and c not. So the Bible principle here is love cast them that hate you them that persecute you said pray for them. Praise the Lord that persecute you. He says you must bless them and bless them because that is the only commandment that God has given unto those that believe him express love without measure. And he says, "Rejoice with them that do rejoice and weep with them that weep. Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescent to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceit. Compens. Provide things honest in the sight of all men. If it be possible, as much as lies in you, live peacefully with all men. Even with those that curse you, bless them and live peacefully with them. Even those that hate you. The Bible says you have no another commandment but to love them. says when you love them, how shall the people know that you are my disciples? So now the love praise the Lord expresses Jesus Christ. It expresses the image of God. God himself is love. Praise the Lord out of his love because the Bible says that he left his throne out of love for a sinner like you and me out of love for a sinner full of mistakes. So he never looked at our mistakes but the love with which he loved us. He left his throne, all his glories, left all the power. And then he condescended into a son, express his love toward us. But he did not end there. He went ahead. He gave up his life for us. How can we explain such kind of love? So, since I loved you, I won't express the same love one for another shall be able to know that surely you are my disciples. Praise the living God. Now in 1 John 4 verse 6 verse around 13, he that loves not knows not God. If you do not have love, just if you do not have love, if you don't express love, you don't know God, it means you are not of God. If God himself is love, if God himself is love, then he dwells in you like the pastor has been preaching on the B of the Holy Spirit. That if indeed God is in you, spirit is in you, bear the fruits of the Holy Spirit. And the highest of it all is love. Praise the Lord. God express love. You need to check yourself. If you have hatred in your heart, examine yourself. Because if you don't love, it means you've not seen God. Means you have not known God. Them that have known God know that God is love. Praise the Lord. are of God. He that knoweth God heareth us. He that is not of God heareth us not. Hereby know we the spirit of truth and the spirit of error. Verse six. Okay. Sorry. First John Beloved, let us love one another. For love is of God. Praise the Lord. Let us love one another. Why? Not with pretense but an expression for from the inside which defines the person of you. Praise the Lording because the Bible has said I ought to love my brother. I ought love those that persecute me. that is a part of you. Praise the Lord. Love, let us love one another. Love is of God. And everyone that loveth born of God and knoweth God. Praise the Lord. That loveth not knoweth not God. Why? Because God is love. So if you do not love, you do not know God. You do not love come into that experience with the person of God. And because God himself is love, we have him in our lives. We shall extend the same love that is in us to one another. Praise the Lord. In this was manifested the love of God towards us because that God sent his only begotten son into the [Music] world that we might live through him. here in his love that we loved God that he loved us. He It is he that loved us. He loved you. He loved me. Praise the Lord. He loved each one of us. Praise the Lord. He that loved us thought that we loved him and then he sent his son to be the preparation for our sins. If he put no condition to love us, he put conditions to love one another. Praise the Lord. He has no boundaries. He put no boundary. when he loved you when he loved me. Listen close. If God had boundaries, some of us would not be here. If he had boundaries, where we would be a lot where God has brought us, he has brought us kind of grounds that he has brought us. that his love overlooked our family background overlooked the weaknesses of our parents. This is my beloved loved him. Then he loved us and he brought us to himself and did not end there. He took all our sins, all our infirmities, all the dark background that we had. He took it all unto the cross and then he set us free, that we are free indeed. It says to him to whom that the son has set free indeed. Praise the Lord. He has set you free by his love. That same love you can use to set free your brother. You can use it to forgive your brothers and those that fought against you. No man, no man has seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us. That is a symbol. That is a proof if we love one another that God dwells in us because the Bible has said God himself is love. So if God is love and he lives in me, I love you brother. I love you sister. I love everyone around me unconditionally because in me is love. In me is the source of love. If you love one another and if you love one another and God dwelt in us. Why? Because his love is perfected in us. It is perfected in us. in the angels. Praise the Lord. It is perfected for us when we love them. The Bible says they shall now know who are my disciples. It does not say love only those that love you and persecute you. Even those that hate you, love them. Those that speak against you, for them. That love will break the bond of hate in their lives. Love will cover all their imaginations against you. With them at thy feet, I'll give you a quote. I will not quote it. One of the messages the prophet was preaching. Praise the Lord. familiar with this as was preaching out came a man who was in sin. He was a mad man and he was known for killing people. He had killed so many as he was on the pit. The giant comes forth and now he started spitting fire blaspheming the prophet. But he never hated him. He there was an instrument. There was a power that dwelt in the prophet which same power dwells in us today that is the power of love at him. It says he had compassion over him. And when he started expressing compassion, he knew that it is not this man. But this, he knew that it is not this man, but this man is bound. Praise the Lord. Express love towards him and he fell at his feet. What was that? That was perfect love that covers all sins. But love all mistakes. With this shall all men know my disciples. With this shall all men know that you love me. I dwell in you. If you have love one for another. Praise the Lord. There is a question here. Praise the Lord. Now the commandment is that we should love one another unconditionally. Why do we have hate? Hate should not have any portion in our lives. Regardless of how much your brother has hurt you, love them. Have compassion over them. Praise the Lord. love that compassion, that compassion over them to compel them to come to you for forgiveness. Praise the Lord. Stand out there and say he must repent. The Bible does not like that. It says love them and pray for them and bless them. Praise the Lord for doing that love towards them. When a brother who has hurt you, who knows that they have hurt you sees you going to them with love without any hesitation, grabbing their hands, saying, "Oh, God bless you, brother." Expression of love. Hate in your eyes breaks down the heart of that brother hurt you come to repentance and that's how Christ calls the sinners repentance come towards their heart towards their soul wives and then that compassion compels them to come repentance. Praise the Lord. We must love one another. And there is no excuse for us not to love one another because says in so doing shall be able to express that God surely dwells in us. And he that does not love has not seen God. But if you have seen God, You will love them regardless of how much they have hurt you, brother. You will love them. You don't know how to express it. You will love them anyhow. Praise the Lord. One time I was somewhere recently pondering alone and I was praying and then it came to my mind. I' just been talking to a friend and he was telling me this time these people have hurt you so much. You have been forgiving them every time they hurt you. Bring them back. years you've lived with them. They hurt you so much, but still you forgive them and you don't end. But you still love them and do great things for them. Now this time we want to see them or not. He was invoking love towards them. I had compassion over them. Not them that are hurting me or trying to spray hat against me. The enemy because every sin person wants to express love. Everyone who knows God wants to express love not have God. Go ahead and hate one another. Go ahead and speak against one another. the enemy that is Satan. And now when we come to realize that he is whispering sentiments of hate, rebuke him right away. Why? Because God there is no hate. Love them. Forgive those that wrong against you. Don't just forgive them. But forgive them and love them. If you love them, God will touch their hearts. God will touch them and then they will be called to repentance. Rather, they may not tell you in your face in their hearts they because you expressed only love. Why? Because you are of God. Because you have God. Love one another. Friends, let us love one another. And you won't say you love one another. You only love those that are outside. If you only love those that are outside, but you don't love your brother in here. Praise the Lord. Regardless of whether they hurt you in the past or not, love them because they are your brother. And if you love them, you shall show the rest of the world. But surely God dwells in you. Because he says, if you love them, you shall be proving that I dwell in you. I myself, I am loved. Praise the Lord. 4:8 above all things above all things have favored charity. 48. Above all things, have favor charity among yourselves. For charity shall cover the multitude of sins. Above all things have favor. It is the capstone of everything. For he says that love, praise the Lord, have a multitude of sins. There is no sin that perfect love cannot cover. There is no there is no evil that perfect love cannot cover. There is no mountain that perfect love cannot move to love one another. He won't see the mistakes of one another. Christ loved us with that love. He's not able to see your mistakes. But he got himself up and he took himself upon the cross and he was hung up there. And then he bleed with blood. And then he got this blood and put it upon the altar at for our sins. For there is no mounted of sin that you have committed that this love that this blood cannot cover. Praise the Lord. All your weaknesses are covered in the blood. And how did he bring that blood? It was all for love because he loved us. He condescended and he came down to die for us. That is love. Praise the Lord. Notice because he loved us. That perfect love covers multitude of sins. He overlooked our sins. He overlooked our sins. He overlooked our mistakes. He overlooked our stature. And he loved us anyhow. And now the same love with which he loved us says greater things. That's what it says. He says greater things than this shall he do. Praise the Lord. He loved us. That means we have to express this love more than the love that he loved us. If his love has no measure, your love should have no measure. When it comes loving God, you should have no measure. When it comes to loving the things of God, you have no measure. When it comes loving your brother, loving your sister, you should have no measure. When it comes loving your enemies, you should not have any measure. You should not love them because the Bible has says love them. But you should love them because that's the nature that you are made of. You are of godly children. If you are of God, you are a product of love. If you are a product of love, you came out of love. So if you came out of love, we ought to express the same love as the rest of the world towards all sinners. If you love that sinner, you can be a workman. It can be a neighbor. It can be someone close to you. If you love them and you show perfect love towards them, it shall bring them to Christ. Because the Bible says the people shall know that you are my disciple. And if they know that you are my disciples, you will not end there. You will go ahead and point them with that same love. You'll point them towards Christ. Love your brothers, not your enemies. Even those that persecute you, love them anyhow. Regardless of their weaknesses, regardless of their mistakes, ought to love them anyhow. that love shall break that yoke and he shall bring them to Christ. Let that love Let that love, the brotherly love with which you love them, cover their mistakes. Praise the Lord. Perfect love covers a multitude of sins. If it be so that your brother has sinned against you and if you love them before they approach you brother love them. Praise the Lord before they come and say sorry. Love them and express that love towards them. make it easy for them to come and say, "I'm sorry, brother." Because if you love them, you have cut a boundary, you have to narrow the gap for them to come and reconcile with you. Love them and express acts of love towards them in the message taking sides with Jesus. Now those who believed the word, they knowed that the very things that Jesus was doing and the things was of his life, they knew who he was. So they couldn't put nothing blight on him. Praise the Lord. But they couldn't see it. If you love somebody, That love covers their mistakes and their sin. Saying those that love Jesus would not put any blood on him. They could not see any mistakes with him. And if he said except you eat my flesh, eat my blood. No part of me. I never saw that as cannibalism. Praise the Lord because they loved him. They never even thought of it in the evil way. That love every mistake and every error you love me. Even if I go wrong in my speech, what you have towards me will cover it up. Praise the Lord. Prophet says they never saw it. They couldn't put nothing on him because they couldn't see it. And you know love is blind anyhow is blind on them things. That's what we say. Love is blind. That's a common saying among the people somebody You won't see their mistakes. If you love somebody while others don't love them, they see this person's eye doesn't see or this person has big eyes or this person have has a deformation with their teeth. Maybe they are. But you because you love them. you won't see that information because you love them. But they that don't love them see the information that's why the world they say is blind. If the world knows that love is blind, how about we have tested of the goodness of the Lord and have tested of the love of God also blind. Our love towards one another is also blind. Lord, see the mistakes of your your brothers. If they rush in the night, they rush in the night. If they run in the night, comes to you and tells you, you know what? I have seen brother Caleb stealing someone's tomatoes. I have found him in the garden. Say, "Oh, brother, that's very bad of you because you don't want to accommodate every single thought negative about brother Khal and the brother as the person who has brought the news leaves praise the Lord won't let that stick in your mind and when you meet brother old brother the other day that you saw someone in tomatoes your love towards him will find ways to bring the brother's weakness to their attention. You will pray for them. Praise the Lord. You go to check on them. You call to pray with them. Praise the Lord. That love does not allow a boundary to come in between committed this mistake. say he's a sinner. He is a thief. He is not a thief because he was not a thief from the beginning. He's a child of God and you a child of God. You shall love them on the condition of the condition that they are a child of God like you are. Love is blind. The prophet says he says love covers up a mountain of sin perfect love cast out fear and sin and all discord love does. Now this blind man was sitting there blind blind m you know when he when Jesus was moving and his disciples and they find this blind man. said, "Maybe because of his background, maybe because his fathers were sinners, maybe because their family are sinners, maybe he went out of grace. That's why he's blind." Praise the Lord. Jesus never accepted to accommodate any of their sayings. that blind. But Moes loved him. And the prophet says, "This blind man sitting right there." Jesus said, "And his disciples come by." And I think Jesus gave them a little lesson there. When they seen this poor blind man, they thought surely there is a sin behind that somewhere. The suffering of your brother, tribulations. Praise the Lord. Not because they are sinners. Praise the Lord. Sometimes it works out our faith. Praise the Lord. Now when they looked at him, there should be a sin behind somewhere and we see something happen to a man. When we see something happen to a man say, well, he sinned. Maybe he got out of the will of the Lord somewhere. When brother hit the post, when brother hit the post, he got out of the will of the Lord somewhere somebody's idea. When the gun blowed up on me, well, he was out of the will of the Lord. That's what say when the when when the gun blew blew out of him up on him someone's mind brother Neville hit the car. He was out of the the will of God. That's not exactly right. God permits those things. And now we are not a perfect people. We make our mistakes. We do things that's wrong. But you see, love covers all that. We are willing. When we see our mistakes, come back and apologize to one another like and reconcile with one another. That is warriors. That's the reality. That's really men and women. That's gallant. That's what they do. Anybody can go out to the battlefield that's got n enough to go walk out there. That that has got nerve enough to walk up there. But when he gets knocked down, then get up and try again. See, there used to be a song that a young man and young woman used to sing in the church. If I fall or if I fail, let me rise and try again. So he said, when a man gets up, he is decided to go to the battle. Praise the Lord. He has got the nerve. He's been trained enough. When he reached the battlefield, he's knocked down. He doesn't give up. He rises up again. Try it again. He rises. You try again. The prophet says, "If I fall or if I fail, let me rise and try again." Praise the Lord. The message, the power of transformation. That's my theme. His love covers it all. I believe in the redeeming love of the Lord Jesus. I like this song and I like this song. Ever since my by faith I saw the stream thy flowing wounds supply redeeming love has been my theme. It shall be till I die. I'd rather have a church in just a moment. I would rather have a church. I would rather have a church that knows nothing about any spiritual gifts and just be so in love with each other with Christ. and with Christ. I would rather have that. I would rather I would rather have that than every spiritual gift operating in the church. Now that might sound hard in a Pentecostal group. I would rather have it. Where there is gifts, they will fail. Where there is gifts, they will bring confusion. Where there is gifts, they can be questioned. But where there is love, it is perfect. That's right. And if you had perfect love, you would have perfect gifts. That's right. So work fast with love that brings fellowship. Fellowship brings gifts. Have a church that has love. Praise the Lord. Love is a powerful instrument in our faith. Men can have gifts in the church. Gifts can bring confusion. If there is love, that love brings fellowship. It brings brethren fellowship. It brings reverence to live in one accord. And now that fellowship which is a product of love brings gifts. Praise the Lord first of Christ. Christ never loved us because we have gifts. But again he says if you have gifts you must serve diligently among your brethren. It had to start with love. It had to be love of God that he loved us and he imparts that love in each one of us that we can have fellowship. one with another we have fellowship one with another we shall bring gifts in our midst of evangelism. Praise the Lord pastorship prophecy those gifts we bring together the body of Jesus Christ. It does not start with gifts. It has to start with love. That's what the prophet says. Rather have a church that has love than a church on gifts. Why gift shall fail? The love of God shall never fail. That same love shall bring us together. That same love shall bring the fellowship of brothers. You shall forgive your brother who has done you wrong. Praise the Lord. Forgive those that persecute you and he shall bring them that love. God shall bring them fellowship of the Holy Spirit. Love one another the way to have fellowship. The prophet says, "And now that's what we've got to do now. Let's just break down all differences everywhere and just get ourself. You just can't put it on. It's got to come from the [Music] inside. Why? Because it is of God. It is God himself. So if it is God himself and God dwells in you by way of the Holy Spirit, then it has come from the inside. Express it the rest of the people. Because when you put it on, it will wear out. You can put it on one day, two days, and when trouble comes, when your brother annoys you, it disappears and then you begin flexing. There is no love there, it allow it to go in on the inside. Allow God to go on the inside. begins to operate from inside out. Express the love of brethren. Remember, the Holy Spirit knows it. Whether it's coming from the inside, let's just get all the differences away. Walk right out and say, "I love the Lord, and I love even my enemies. If anyone says anything about you, don't let that bother you at all. Don't m that wonderful feeling till God. Don't m that wonderful feeling my just just go ahead love them. And how praise the lord that's what perfect love is. Love them. If they marry you, they speak about you, not even bother you, go ahead and love them. Anyhow in the message expectation, he says, what does it what good does it do anyhow? What good is it going to do anyhow for you to get all paved up about things? Just love them anyhow. Love everybody because they are the purchased of the blood of Jesus Christ. Whether they are sinners or they are saints, they are the purchase of the blood of Jesus Christ. and then you'll be able to win them to God. They will realize that you really love them. Loving sinners says love them anyhow. And if you love them, it will make them realize. Praise the Lord. Love them. then you will them over to God. That's what we need today. Don't you think so? Yes, sir. And again, he says in Proverbs 193, if there is sin in your heart, if there is a fault in your heart, if you've got anything, pray now and ask God forgive you. You pray for me, I'll pray for you. God bless you is my prayer. And that is a prayer that comes from love. Knowing that my brother has sinned or he has sinned against me, I will pray for them. And he says also pray for me and say God bless you. That should be our prayer. Bless everyone. Do you love one another? John said, "Little children one another. Love one another for love covers a multitude of sins." And so he says, "Let us shake one another's hand and say, God be with you. God bless you. expressing love for one another and in message love your neighbor as you love yourself that's the commandment express love for yourself how do you express love for yourself if you love yourself says that same love of your neighbor, the same love for brothers, that same love for sisters, every sinner. How much do you love yourself? How much you should love others? Reflect on that thought. Reflect on that thought. How much do you love yourself? You care about yourself so much. You don't want to go hungry. You don't want to get dirty. You don't want God speak ill about you. You want to be positive. Good thing to come to you. Praise the Lord. Receive the blessings of God. Love yourself. Praise the Lord. Love yourself. and you love good things for yourself and you love good things for yourself and you love blessings to come to you. The same you should love for your brothers. Pray for them if they are wrong. You bless them and God may bless them. They in need. The Bible says come to their supply. Praise the Lord. the ability supply those that I need don't want to lack that is the act of love expressing love one for another so how do you express love for yourself can you backstab yourself can you backbite yourself can you speak ill of yourself do you feel others bad about yourself. Can you go to a friend and tell him how bad you are? Can you tell the people how you hate yourself? So now if you can't do the things about yourself, you ought not to do them about others. Because you love yourself, you also have to love others and wish them good, bless them and love them. Because if you can backstab yourself, it means you you have you are mentally disturbed derangement and you need medication. Same person can't hurt themselves. You can't say this hand, this hand is useless to me and you cut it off. This leg I was walking and then I knocked myself off yourself. So you can't hurt your brother. You are so mindful about yourself. So you must be mindful about your brothers and sisters. This is the greatest commandment. Love one another. Love your neighbor. Love yourself. Love them anyhow because that's what you must do. Praise the living God. The prophet has said never have such a church. built on love that is built upon the foundation of love than built on the foundation of gifts because shall fail shall fail with man love brings men together. Jesus Christ bring us together. Let that love Bring us in support one for another love. Bring us in support for the work for the work of the ministry in the local church and in the rest of the churches. Let that love bind us together. Why? Because it shall always bring fellowship. With this shall men know that you are my disciples when you have love one for another. May the Lord bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's get on our feet. Amen. Amen. And the brother shall lead us in worship. Amen. I want to appreciate the presence of our pastor. Amen. Amen. Amen. I was I was at the barrier somewhere. Actually, pastor was coming to preach. Pastor was coming to preach and then he had a few things here and there to fix. Long trip to make tonight. So we talked in the morning when he was coming to preach and somehow so many things came up. So he called me to come and and preach but I was organizing because I lost one of my grand my grandfathers. So I I was running to go and attend the barrier. I couldn't tell pastor I'm not here. So I had to run. I had people that were waiting for me outside where I was to the barrier. So I ran fast when I was there. Pastor Pastor Ammon saw me somewhere called me and said please come. He has come and such and such a spot. knew he had a message for me but because of the noise tell him it was actually 4 around 4:23 telling him I have something I was I was going to do around for him I could not see him and started driving because the time was already up that God gives me grace to call him after Yeah, that he has come out of our service. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. So let the brother lead us. I would love to sing that song. The love of God. So may the Lord bless us with love, love one another, to love our friends, to love our brethren, to love the ministry, love the ministers and bring that love of God manifestation. Build our church upon love. It shall never fail. Men may fall, but because of that love in our midst, the ministry shall keep growing. Amen. God bless you. God bless you so much. Thank you for your patience. I just feel small to see the sense of God being like humble and stay for this long. May God add a blessing upon you. Let us sing that song. The love of God. Let us maintain it. Amen. [Music] The love of [Music] God is [Music] greater than tongue of pain can never [Music] There it goes [Music] beyond and reaches to the lowest you. A guilty [Music] depend [Music] on do we [Music] sound [Music] consoly shall pass away. and all the three fruit and kingoms. When men who hear refuse to pray on rocks and claves and mountains, both love so sure shall and you oh [Music] meless and strong redeeming grace to Adam's grace [Music] yours. Oh god. [Music] It shall [Music] forever more and thus since [Music] Sunday would within the Ocean and where is the [Music] sky of parchment made where every stone the king and every man cry to break the line. Oh God above all the [Music] sh from sky. [Music] to all our salient. [Music] found and strong it shall forever above [Music] you name your son. As we prepare to speak to him, let us confess these words. Oh, how I love him because he first loved me. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus Christ may cause love. I love him. [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I love Jesus. [Music] Oh, how I love Jesus Christ because he fast. It tells me of a savior's love. It tells me of the Savior's love. who died to set me [Music] free. Oh, his precious blood the sin has power. It tells me of what my father It tells me of what father has in store for every day. In the white world, the dark some parts yield sunshine only. Oh, I love him. How I How I love Jesus. How I love Jes. Confess him because he first loved you. Oh, how I love Jesus Christ because he first say that I will never forsake him. I will never forsake. Oh, sing because he first I will never I will never forsake forsake Jesus. Never forsake. I will never forsake him because he first love me. Start to speak to him. Lord Jesus, we thank you for your love. We thank you for your agapa love Lord which you've given us Lord. Oh my Jesus the love which constrains us Lord into your presence Lord as the prophet has said that we should be with love not gift Lord because the only thing which can constrain us Lord it is the love of God. We thank you Jesus. I remember Lord God in the days of David Lord when the love was constraining him and he told him what he has done but yet he had come with a love and he said have merc upon you and the man of God said your sins have been blotted out Lord Jesus by the approach of your love Lord Jesus That's why we've come with boldness Lord that our failures Lord but we've come to the bloody father fear Lord that's why your children have come Lord this evening Lord to be partakers of the heavenly vision Lord as you say never forsake the assembling of saints Lord Jesus we assemble together Lord in the unity of love. We thank you Jesus. We commit our journeys back home as we going back and I commit father my past Lord into your hands is traveling this night Lord. May you give him a suffering mercies Lord and may you keep him Lord in the way Lord. May you keep him Lord when he will reach Lord Lord Jesus and which speaks father freedom to them which speaks words of father Lord love to them and the prophet Lord Jesus we thank you Lord [Music] We thank you Jesus. Lord, as we travel home, may you give us self traveling mercies, Lord. And Lord Jesus, lead our footsteps, Lord Jesus, and enlighten our path, Lord, by the word of God. Like you said, how can a young man cleanse his way? By taking the love of God, the word of Jesus. We thank you, Lord. We commit, Lord Jesus, our pastor, Lord God, who is in overseas, Lord, labeling, Lord Jesus. And I commit the services, Father. Oh God, Jesus. And I commit the services, Father. Oh God, the Easter services at your hand. May you bless us, Lord, as we come together, Lord. Give us the provision, Lord, that we may come back, Lord Jesus, on Sunday, Lord, like David, Lord, with glad hearts, Lord. Oh Jesus, we thank you. We give you glory and honor in Jesus's name. Lord, I [Music] pray. Allow me to hand over the service to the pastor. Okay. He says no. As we go out, let us [Music] say, let us sing that song as we go out. Behold, what manner of love the Father has made upon us. Behold, what manner of love the Father has given unto us. Behold what manner of love the father has given unto us. [Music] Behold, what manner of love the Father has given unto us was that we should be the we should be called the sons of God. That we should be that we should be called the sons of gold. Behold what man of love the father has gi to us. Behold what manner of
