################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-23 - Has The Holy Ghost Been Given    Pastor Katumba James  Inner Veil Ministries  23.07.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-23
Title:    Has The Holy Ghost Been Given ? |  Pastor Katumba James | Inner Veil Ministries | 23.07.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNPhU3TwLCw
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Love me just my salvation. Oh, cal free. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; You're welcome to this evening service. Praise the name of our Lord. On Friday, we are going to have an overnight. So, you are all welcome. Then on Sunday we shall have only one service and let us open without prayer. Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ we thank you for this evening Lord the grace that you've given unto us father that we can come into your presence. You said where two or three are gathered in your name. You will be there in their midst. And we believe you are here, Father. And you also said in your word, they shall be taught of the Lord and great shall be their peace. That prayer may come and speak to us the words of eternal life that we may have that peace that surpasses all understanding. May you have prayer upon this meeting. May you also meet the needs of all your children that all the glory and honor may be back unto you in Jesus name we do pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; We go to the book of John chapter 7. We're reading from verse 37 up to verse 39. John chapter 7 from verse 37 to verse 39. The Bible says &gt;&gt; in the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, "If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink. He that believeth on me, as the scripture has said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. But this spoke he of the spirit which they that children was not yet given because that Jesus was not yet glorified. May God sing of his word. You may be seated. So I want to take a subject from verse 39. And it's kind of like a question. Has the Holy Ghost been given? Has the Holy Ghost been given? Praise the name of the Lord. So here the Bible is telling us when Jesus was telling the people that if any man thirst let him come unto me and drink and then the Bible says he was talking about the Holy Ghost. But at the time Jesus was saying this in John chapter 7, during the time Jesus was saying this in John chapter 7, the Holy Ghost was not yet given and then the Bible says because Jesus was not yet glorified, he had not yet died, you know, and then resurrected. But now we are living at the time where the Holy Ghost has already been given. And the Holy Ghost was already given on the day of Pentecost in Acts chapter 2. And then in verse one, &gt;&gt; the scripture says, "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place." Acts 2:1. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tanks like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Holy Ghost was given on the day of Pentecost. So from the day of Pentecost, we are living in a time whereby the Holy Spirit has already been given to us. And now if the Holy Ghost has already been given to us, then we have to go and receive the Holy Spirit because he has already been given to us. So now the the only thing that you need to do is to make yourself you know in need of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of the Lord you know to show concern to show interest that you desire the Holy Spirit in your life because the Holy Spirit has already been given. Now in the message Israel and the church, brother Brham says he says without the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you are lost, you won't have to worry about getting to heaven. If there is nothing in here, the doors can't unlock. You can't walk there and bump your head against it. But if the spirit of God is in there, the spirit of God inside will unhinge the doors. Go to have the thing in here to unlock it. So you are already just judged just on what you think about Jesus Christ. Now here comes torn riven torn to pieces. His soul went to God. God blessed him. And when his soul returned back in the form of the baptism of the Holy Spirit, that comes into every believer to sanctify. Clean up the mind, clean up the heart and leave a portion of the Holy Ghost in there. And when the Holy Ghost is given out, that same Holy Spirit that brought the body of Jesus out of the grave will rapture and that covenant has to do tail as he tore there and gave the body and went back to God and the spirit came back to the earth. Then your spirit will have to have the same kind of spirit or it will miss that place going together. Not because you make yourself but because something the love of God has swept into your soul. and tore every idol out. Praise the name of our Lord. So you see that when Jesus died, &gt;&gt; you know, he resurrected. So now on the day of Pentecost, he comes back to the church in the form of the Holy Spirit. And the Bible says the promise is unto you as many as the Lord our God shall call. So now if God has called us, then he has also released the Holy Spirit that the Holy Spirit can come down to us. We are living in a time where the Holy Spirit has already been given. Now if the Holy Spirit has already been given then you go forward and receive the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord because he has already been given. So the thing of it we need to do when we hear the gospel of Jesus Christ, we need to be obedient to the whole gospel. Take it with all your heart. Praise the name of our Lord. Be obedient to all the word. Then God will perform his promise. And that's what the Lord Jesus told them that you've heard about the promise of the father in Acts chapter one and then verse four. and being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which says he, "You've heard of me. For John truly baptized with water, but you shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. Praise the name of our Lord. He had walked with them three and a half years. He had resurrected and he had proved to them that have resurrected for 40 days. He walked amongst them. So the day he ascended up into heaven, he told them, you've heard of that promise and you are going to receive the spirit of God not many days from now. Praise the name of our Lord. So they had to wait. They had to turn for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Then on the day of Pentecost, 10 days after the ascension of Jesus Christ, they were filled with the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. The Holy Spirit came down to fulfill the promise of God to us now who are living at the time. When the Holy Spirit has already been given, the condition is repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Acts 2:38 for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. That's the promise now we have is repent. &gt;&gt; So the question is have you repented? &gt;&gt; Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. So have you been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ? And then he says you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the uncertain sound, brother Brham says when he said in Acts 2:38, "Repent everyone and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins." There is no uncertain about that. There is no uncertain about that. You know, in other words, it is certain. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Not you may be. Maybe you will, perhaps you ought to, but you will when you have repented. Praise the name of our Lord. So, it is not uncertain. It's not about guessing whether I'm going to get the baptism of the Holy Spirit or I'm not going to get the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Because the Bible says, "The promise is unto you and to your children, and to as many as the Lord our God shall call." Now if you are confident and you are certain that God has called you then the promise is yours. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Move forward and then you tell God you have promised that when I repent and I am baptized in the name of Jesus, I receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. Lord, I need that spirit of the Lord. You You behave like Calb. Give me my mountain. Praise the name of the Lord. Give me the Holy Spirit because you have promised me the Holy Spirit. So then you move forward to receive the Holy Ghost. The Holy Spirit has already been given. Praise the name of the Lord. You're not going to say, "I don't know when the Holy Ghost will come. But the Holy Ghost has already been given. He has already been released here on earth. Praise the name of our Lord. Now what hinders the Holy Spirit is the condition of our hearts, the condition of our heart. Now, &gt;&gt; brother Brandham says, &gt;&gt; he says, "Now you can go in there without repenting and you won't get it. But when you go suddenly repent and believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, you are going to get it. Nothing uncertain. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Is that right? Praise the name of our Lord. So now the whole thing comes back to us. How how are you determined to receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit? Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the church and its condition, he says, "But you for all your rights. and all your friends and all your feelings and everything this morning and come here. You forfeited your rights to kneel down here and talk to God. I'm telling you by the word of the Lord that Christ said, "He that comes to me, I will in no wise cast out. While you are there on the altar, repent, while you're there on the altar, repent. Tell him that you are sorry. what you did. That's what's the matter with the people today. They don't receive the Holy Ghost when they are baptized. They just don't thoroughly repent. God is trying to give them the Holy Ghost. He wants you to be meek and gentle quiet. &gt;&gt; That's the reason you get up with the same selfishness in your heart. Or you might get up shouting, speaking in tongues. Oh any that wouldn't make you have the Holy Ghost. You got to get up from there a different person. You got to get up from there gentle, quiet, and meek, humble. God is spirit dwelling with you. Next year, look back down the trail. and see how far you have come. If you are gaining ground all the time, that's the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, meekness, gentleness, patience, faith. Now just repent and tell God you want that right now. Be real good. Praise the name of our Lord. So brother Brandham is saying when you come you know to accept the Lord Jesus as your personal savior and then you don't thoroughly repent you can't then receive the Holy Spirit because it says repent every one of you. So then you make sure you thoroughly repent because the Lord knows all about us. So you open up, you pour out your heart to the Lord and tell God, Lord, forgive me for this thing that I've done. And you know one chapter which is interesting which we can learn from how to repent. When we go to Psalms 51, it teaches us how to repent. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. David was repenting about his sin of adultery and murder in Psalms 51 verse1. Have mercy upon me, oh God. You know, you go out yourself, you know, like Jacob, he wrestled with the angel, you know, that night. He was in desperation. You know, he wanted God to change him. And that should also be the same thing. God have mercy upon me in this kind of condition. Forgive me for this sin. Forgive me for this failure. David was crying to the Lord. Have mercy upon me. God, according to thy loving kindness, according unto the mouth of thy tender mercies, blot out my transgressions, wash me thoroughly from my iniquity and cleanse me from my sin. And then David said, "Acknowledge my transgressions. and my sin is ever before me. So then you go and make it right before God. Praise the name of our Lord. You tell God about your failures. You tell God about your weaknesses. Lord deliver me from this kind of situation. Then you surrender yourself to God to come and take over your life. Praise the name of our Lord. David said, "I acknowledge my transgression and my sin is ever before me. Against you only have I sinned and done this evil in thy sight." Praise the name of our Lord. And so David poured himself out to the Lord, &gt;&gt; you know, confessing his failures, &gt;&gt; all his weaknesses. &gt;&gt; And that's how we thoroughly repent. And then he says in verse 14, "Deliver me from blood guiltness. Oh God, thou art the God of my salvation, and my tongue shall sing aloud of thy righteousness. Oh Lord, open my lips, and my mouth shall show forth thy praise. not sacrifice else I would give it. Though desirous not in burnt offerings. Then he says in verse 17, "The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, a broken and a contrite heart, oh God, th will not despise." Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; It says, "When you are a broken heart, You know, say Lord, &gt;&gt; forgive me for this thing that I've done for a long time. I've been alcoholic. Lord, deliver me from this demon. For a long time I've been doing this kind of thing, from this kind of stress, I was born in this kind of stress. You know, you are making it known before God that you don't like the condition that you are going through. You don't like the state you are in like David. He never like the blood guiltiness. And then he said, "Lord, deliver me out of destruction. Deliver me out of this thing that I have done. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, God would desire our hearts to open up before him and say, "Lord, this is my situation. I need you to help me. I need you to deliver me." Praise the name of our Lord. When you allow God himself to come and take over your life, praise the name of our Lord. Now we see that in the scriptures after the day of Pentecost when they received the baptism of the Holy Spirit when Peter preached to the people who are there at Jerusalem. The Bible says 3,000 people were added to the church. So they received the what? They received the water baptism and then they also received the baptism of the Holy Spirit and that has been the principle what God has always been doing. Praise the name of our Lord. We see that even that when Saul rather when when Philip &gt;&gt; went to Samaria, &gt;&gt; he preached the word of God. They received the word of God. And then they were baptized in the water. But then the Holy Ghost was not yet given to them until they called for Peter. When Peter and John came and prayed over them, laying hands on them, they received of the Holy Spirit. And brother Brandham says Peter had the keys. He's the one who had the keys on the day of Pentecost. He used those keys to open the Holy Ghost to the Jews. Praise the name of our Lord. until the Jews rejected the gospel. And so when they rejected the gospel, then they wouldn't receive the Holy Ghost any further. &gt;&gt; So when he comes to Samaria in Acts chapter 8, Peter had the key still. So he's the one who opened the Holy Ghost to the Samarians until also they rejected the gospel. And now when he comes to to Acts chapter 10 to the Gentiles, Peter had the keys also and he opened the Holy Ghost to Gentiles. Now from the time he opened the Holy Ghost to the Gentiles, from the time we open the Holy Ghost to the Gentiles, That door has never been closed. Praise the name of our Lord. It has never been closed. The Holy Ghost has already been given. So what we do? We receive the Holy Spirit. And how we receive the Holy Spirit by believing the true word of God, obeying that word of God. when the Holy Spirit comes down. So from the time Peter opened the Holy Ghost in the house of Cornelius, the Holy Spirit has never been taken back to heaven. Now what brother Brennham says that for 2,000 years, the Holy Spirit has been bound. How was the Holy Spirit bound? People rejecting the word of God. When people start teaching things contrary to the Holy Spirit, when people start believing things contrary to the word of God, then they bind the spirit of God. Praise the name of our Lord. I just want to get that message here. in the message the feast of the trumpet. Praise the name of our Lord. Let me read it. &gt;&gt; Paragraph 207. He says &gt;&gt; while this group down here has got 2,000 bound at River Ephetes and been back for 2,000 years also The church has bound the Holy Ghost for nearly 2,000 years and mad back there and under the church ages. It has been bound not at river of but at the door of creeds and doggyas that the holy spirit cannot work in the church because of manmade system but she's going to be liberated she is coming back. That's what the Bible said. And praise the name of our Lord. He says the Holy Spirit is going to be liberated. How is the Holy Spirit liberated? By the restoration of the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. The Holy Spirit is brought back. When people leave their creeds, when people leave their dog and then they receive the word of God and it is purity, then the Holy Spirit can have the liberty to fill those who are yearning for the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. So we are living at the time where the Holy Spirit has been given. So we should also not bind the Holy Spirit by maybe our contrary things contrary to the word of God things that are contrary to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the Pam church age he says we are reading from page 164. 164. Now remember, John the Baptist &gt;&gt; was both the prophet and the messenger of his day. He was filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother's womb. When he was baptizing in Jordan, the word of God Jesus came to him. The word always comes to the truly spiritfilled. That is the evidence of being filled with the Holy Ghost. That is what Jesus said would be the evidence. He said, "And I'll pray the father and he will send you another comforter that he may abide with you forever, even the spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive." Now we know what truth is. Thy word is truth. John 17:17. Again in John 8:43, why don't you understand my speech even because you cannot hear my word? Did you notice that Jesus said that the world could not receive the Holy Spirit? &gt;&gt; Well, in this verse I just read, neither could they receive the word. Why? Because the spirit and the word are one. And if you have the spirit as the prophets, the word would come you would receive it. Praise the name of the Lord. So he says they wouldn't receive the Holy Spirit because they rejected the word. So when people reject Christ which is the word then they cannot receive the Holy Spirit. So then as the Holy Spirit has been given we need to receive the word obey the word then the Holy Spirit will come and fill us. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what happened when you read the book of Acts. in Samaria. They received the word. They obeyed the word by water baptism. And then the Holy Spirit filled them. Let us go to the book of Acts chapter 8. Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says in verse 12, &gt;&gt; "But when they believed Philillip, preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized, both men and women. So they re believed the word of God. They were baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. And the Bible says even Simon himself the sorcerer. He was baptized and continued with Philillip wondering beholding the miracles and the signs which were done. &gt;&gt; So then Peter came in verse 14. Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God. They sent unto them Peter and John, who when they were calmed down, prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. For as yet he was fallen on none. So when they came down, prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. Verse 15. Okay. For as yet was fallen on none of them. They were baptized in the name of the Lord. So they laid hands on them and they received the Holy Ghost. Praise the name of our Lord. So they went all the way and they received the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. That should also be our desire to go all the way and receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit because the promise is unto us and to as many as the Lord our God shall call. And then you see that Simon the sorcerer when he saw that the apostles were laying hands on the people to receive the Holy Spirit for him he wanted to get the Holy Ghost in a different way by giving them the money and saying give me that power also. So you find that the heart of Simon, he never repented thoroughly. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in verse n in verse 18 and when Simon saw that through the laying on of the apostles hands the Holy Ghost was given he offered them money. Give me also this power thatever I lay hands on, he may receive the Holy Ghost. But Peter said unto him, "Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money. So he had wrong intentions. Praise the name of our Lord. He never got actually to repent thoroughly. He had a wrong attitude. He was also a mixed multitude. You know, like the Bible says, a mixed multitude left Egypt. They went through water baptism in the Red Sea and then they were going through the wilderness, a time of sanctification. And many of them perished in the wilderness. So now we shouldn't stop at sanctification. We shouldn't stop at justification. Go all the way. Praise the name of our Lord. Being baptized with baptism of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. I want us to go through another message again. In the message, honestly contending for the faith. Um, honestly contending for the faith. Now, sanctification is a cleansing, cleaning up the spirit, getting ready for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Justification is believing on the Lord and you are justified. Romans 8 verse one. Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. Hebrews 13 and 12 is sanctification and Luke 24:49. He said in the city of Jerusalem until you are endured with power from on high. The first thing there is a glass lying on the hog pen. A glassy hog pen. You want to use it. The first thing you pick it up. That is justification. You've got it in your hand. You can't use it yet. It needs to be cleansed. Then you take it in, you wash it, you sterilize it, and takes all the germs out of it. That's what God does through sanctific takes all the desire of sin out of your heart. Cleans you up and then you are a candidate for the feeding of the Holy Spirit. Then the word sanctify means to be cleansed and set aside for service. The word sanctify. That's the Old Testament. The altar sanctified the vessels and cleansed and set aside for the service. not in service, but it has been set aside for service. And when it is in service, then he says, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness. for they shall be filled. So the Holy Spirit comes in and fills up that vessel till running over bubbling over and then you are in the service of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. It's a lot clearer now. Praise the name of our Lord. Like getting a glass from dust. You cannot use it in that condition. You want to use that glass. So the process of picking it out from the rubbish pit, you are justifying it like we also receive the gospel and accept the Lord Jesus as your personal savior and then you are baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. So you are justified. Praise the name of our Lord. All that you did before God has put them away. There is no more condemnation in the past that you have done. But in you, there is still a desire to go back and do those evil things. Already you have been picked from the dust. But then there are elements in that glass which are dangerous. Praise the name of our Lord. So you take that glass and start cleaning it. Either you boil water and there are many processes you can keep it clean. Killing the germs that is now sanctification. And God also can take her through the same processes of sanctification so that the desires of the things of the world can all be destroyed in our lives. If you have been going to nightclubs that go to the nightclub dies away. If you have been going to bars, that desire of of you know arranging like now people are at their places of work. They are saving money to spend over the weekend. So on Friday they have enough excuses to be at office only half a day. If maybe they are working up country Then they just come just shortly and then they travel to Campala. They have made programs. Today we are going to be at we are going to be at club or we are going to be at this kind of place or we are going to be at this kind of you know show. You know they are bound. And then those who who have good money, they know that on Friday I'm flying out maybe to Paris. So on Saturday or Sunday I'm spending a night in this kind of big show in some kind of place and I come back on Sunday night and then I'm back in my place of you know there is that thing that pulls them. There is a a a life the devil has put in them. There is a yearning the devil has put in them and draws them to those things which are evil. But now when you hear the word of God, the word of God separates you from that kind of nature and you hear going to disc. So when you are planning to save money for the discover and then say no and then maybe their clothes you used to put on to go to discourse, you start hating them or you throw them away. It may not be immediately but then it is a process that takes time in your life and then there are maybe those baits. Maybe they keep on calling you. You missing this. You find maybe they are disturbing you too much. you just kind of block their numbers or you change your contact, you are cutting off yourself from the old kind of attachment. Praise the name of our Lord. So you are under a process of being separated. You are being separated from that that old nature. You know the things that used to bind you, the things that used to take your time. So now the more you yield yourself to the word of God, the more you hear the word of God, the more the word of God changes your mind, you start hating the things you were doing. Praise the name of the Lord. So you need to avail yourself to the cleaning of your life. And the Bible says sanctify them through thy truth. For thy word is truth. So the more we come to the presence of God is the more we are washed, the more we are sanctified, the more we are separated from our weaknesses. And so you avail yourself and then you find that the things you used to like you know which were not appropriate you find that they are dying before you. You no longer miss those kind of clubs. You no longer miss those kind of funny competitions. You no longer miss those kind of fashions and styles. Oh, what is the new style? What is on the market now? You know, they are no longer traveling you. Praise the name of the Lord. You no longer miss those kind of groups or social things you go to. Praise the name of the Lord. So, it's a cleansing process. So he sanctifies us himself. But it depends on how much we are willing to be clean. The more you yield yourself is the more you are made better. Praise the name of he cleans you then he fills you. Praise the name of our lord. And brother Brandham says he makes your cup to run over. Praise the name of our Lord. So he sanctifies you. After he has sanctified you, then he fills you with his holy spirit. You used to long for the things of the world. But now you no longer long for the things of the world. You now long for the things of God. You thirst after righteousness. You thirst after truth. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. So the Holy Spirit has already been given. So now as he has already been given then we go and receive it. Praise the name of God. Let me try so we can finish up. So we go to Acts chapter 19. Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; So there was Apollo and his group. &gt;&gt; They had received the wine. &gt;&gt; But it was not in the time. It was during the time of John the Baptist. John had baptized them and they believed that Jesus should be the Messiah. But then Jesus came and then the Holy Spirit also came. But then they were feeding on the food of yesterday. So when Paul asked him, "Have you received the Holy Spirit since you believed? He said, "I don't know if there be any Holy Spirit." So, we see that Apollos and his team, they had not received the full atonement. And that's what brother Brham talks about the foolish virgins that they never received the atonement in its fullness. In other words, going all the way to being filled with the Holy Spirit now. The Holy Spirit is available. We need to go and get our full atonement. We need to go and get our full atonement, our complete atonement. You know, Romans chapter 8 verse one. There is now no condemnation to those who are in Christ. So that should always be our desire that you are in Christ, the life of Jesus Christ. living in you. Praise the name of our Lord. Not what you try to do, but the spirit of God that lives in you, guiding you and directing you in everything. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to receive the whole atonement. And the whole atonement comes by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. This life of Jesus Christ living in us. Praise the name of our Lord. The Holy Spirit has already been given. So what do we do? Receive the Holy Spirit. And it's not difficult. Praise the name of our Lord. When you read all these instances in the scriptures, it was not difficult to get the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. And you sure need the baptism of the Holy Spirit. You need the baptism of the Holy Spirit to live a victorious life in the name of our Lord. That should be your desire. And don't say maybe that will be the end of it. If you wait for 10 years, 5 years, 30 years, you don't need to do that. Why? The Holy Ghost has already been given. You just receive it by obedience to the word of God. Amen. Amen. Let us read this as our last scripture. I believe Acts chapter 5 and then verse 32. The Bible says, And we are his witnesses of these things. And so is also the Holy Ghost whom God has given to them that obey him. Praise the name of our Lord. It says God, he has given the Holy Ghost. to those that obey him. But then my question comes to this why would you accept the Lord Jesus as your personal savior if you don't want to obey him? You start wondering where you come from there if you don't want to go all the way. Praise the name of our Lord. So as you accepted him as your personal savior just be obedient to the word of God and the Holy Spirit comes down. John 14 verse 21 and verse 23. He that loveth me, it is he that keeps my word. And he that keeps my word will be loved of my father. And we will come and manifest ourself to him. And we will come and make our abode in him. That means he fills you with his presence. He fills you with his own life. He has given us the word. So he's waiting on us. What is our response to the word that has been given? You obey that word. You get the union with him. Praise the name of our Lord. He comes and abides in us because you have given him your life. So it should not be difficult. Praise the name of our Lord. Giving your life to the Lord Jesus. just surrendering yourself and then the spirit of God comes down and then you live the life of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; May God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let us sing that song. The comforter abides. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Let me get you. &gt;&gt; I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the way for the hand of God in me in abound. That's the reason of my pleas. Yes, the sacred all is this. Thou the comforter abides. Please. He abides. He abides. He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the praying way for the comfort abides with me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace with him. till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet and there came a sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abide. He abide. He abide. Halleluah. He abound with him. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the spring. for the comforter abides with me. Oh, he is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. I'm as happy as above. I'm just as free for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me, oh he abides in he abiding. Oh, he abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoice night and day. As I walk the narrow way, for the comforter abides with me. And now there is hope for the things of the world have taken wings. Long ago I gave them an instant rain. Oh all my night was standing. All my bens rolled away. Now your comforter abides with Oh, he abides. He abides. He abide. He abides. Hallelujah. He abide with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow road for the comforter abides with me. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. He abides. That's a beautiful confession. He abides within me. Praise the name of the Lord. You accepted him as your personal savior not to deny him along the way but to take him all the way. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. Glory to his name as we go to pray. Psalm 51. Down at the cross where my s died down where for clean sing from sin I crown there to my heart was the blood I blind. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. Glory to his name. Halleluah. Glory to his name. There to my heart was the blood of glory to his name. Oh, I am so warm grasses from s Jesus so sweetly abs there at the cross where he took me. Hallelujah. Glory to him. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. Halleluah. Glor. Hallelujah. And to my heart was the blood of lamb. Glory to his name. Oh precious fountain that says from sea. I am so glad I have Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to your name. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. and to my arm was the power of God. Glory to his name. Come to this fountain so rich and sweet. are thy poor soul at the Savior's feet. Blanching to thee and be made. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. Glory is hallelujah. Glory is name to my heart. Oh, the blood. Glory to it. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise your name. They unto my heart was the blood of glory to his name. Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank you Lord. How we bless your holy name. We give praise and honor to your name that your grace Lord, your love, Lord, picked us out, Father, from rubbish pins. Picked us out from the things of the world. Oh God, how you justified us, Lord. And how you washed us from all unrighteousness. And Lord, you've made us come, heavenly father, and dine at your table, Lord. You've made us, heavenly father, be part of the body of Jesus Christ. You've made us heavenly father seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. We surely glorify your holy name. You washed us from all unrighteousness. Lord, you redeemed us heavenly father and you've made us to be your own. How we are grateful father. How we thank you heavenly father for saving us lord. How we thank heavenly father for filling our hearts with your holy spirit that the spirit of Christ is so real in us. the life of Jesus Christ whereby we live every other day. Oh God, not our own ability, heavenly father, but Lord, your comfort, the Holy Spirit abides in us, Lord, and gives us that ability, Lord, to overcome the temptations we go through, to overcome the trials we go through, to overcome the challenges we go through, Lord, that from year to year, Lord, it's just the same grace of God, increasing and more and more, Lord, giving us more milestones, Lord, more journey we are covering, Lord, more distances we are going father Lord more challenges we are overcoming oh God more stressions that we overcome and now you give us the grace heavenly father to live upright Lord how you give us the grace heavenly father the power of God that works within our lives father to overcome all temptations of Satan to overcome all wickedness Lord that we no longer have the love for the things of the world but we have such true love for God and the things that pertain to your kingdom of God and how you call us all the time. Heavenly Father, how we are thankful, Father, for your love, for your grace, for your mercies, Lord, for the victories you write in our lives, Father, for the grace you give us every other day, heavenly father, we are thankful, Father, that you abide in us, Lord, you are real in our lives, heavenly father. Oh God, it's not just an imagination of God. It's not just a thought of God but the life of Christ himself that you've come down Lord put in every one of our hearts Lord how we are so grateful heavenly father how we thank thee father that you've changed our hearts Lord our desires from the things of this world to be mindful about the things that are heavenly to be mindful about the things that pertain to the kingdom of God and what a time we are living in Lord what a time we are living in Lord how we are thankful Father that at this time as we're living in Lord waiting for the rapture Lord waiting for the change of our bodies oh God where these mortal bodies heavenly father have to put on immortality God where these bodies that are all the time affected by sickness affected by failure affected by weaknesses all will vanish away Lord and how you told us God you are going to change our vile bodies that they can be fashioned like your glorious body Lord Lord, we long for that. Lord we thank you heavenly father for even giving us heavenly father the earnest of the holy spirit oh god a declaration oh god that there are better life than this there is a better us oh god body than this there is a better heavenly father standard higher than this oh god how we are thankful heavenly father that you've given us that assurance lord the down payment heavenly father of the eternal life lord and so we rejoice to come into your presence we rejoice to be your children, Lord. We rejoice to hear your word, oh God. We rejoice to be obedient to your word, oh God. We pray may take over all our lives, oh God, and more and more of you, Lord Jesus Christ, to be revealed in us, to be manifested in us, Lord, as we live in this end time. How we are thankful, heavenly father, for your love, oh God, for your grace, oh God, for your mercies, oh God. We continually pray. Heavenly Father, wash us from all unrighteousness. Wash us from all uncleanness and everything that's unlike your God. You may completely separate us from it, Lord, and lead us, heavenly father, in the path of truth and righteousness. For your name's sake, oh God, we seek your face, oh God. We are depending upon you, Lord God, to lead us, Lord, to guide us, Lord, to direct us, Lord, and bring us to the victory. Heavenly Father, how we are grateful for the time we're living in. How we are grateful the message you've given out to us, oh God, to show us the path, Lord God, that you've made the way clearer for us, Lord, and how we are waiting and how we are longing, heavenly father, for the transformation of our bodies. Blessed be thy holy name, Lord, forever more. Thank you, heavenly father, for coming down in our lives, oh God, to change us, to transform us, oh God. We pray may help every one of us in all our weaknesses, in all our failures and teach us Lord how to wait upon you, how to depend upon you Lord, how to call upon your name and how to do your will he ever father in all our lives oh God that every day that you give us opportunity to live. Help us in the name of Jesus Christ to perform your work to perform your will oh God to serve thee heavenly father and reservedly Lord Jesus with all our being Lord and with all what we are and who we are Lord we long for you more God may more of the Lord come down in our lives changing us transforming us oh God and bringing us into the stage of a perfect man oh God we earnestly look onto you we honestly depend upon you and call upon the name of the Lord. And even Lord, as you say, whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved, oh God. And you are more than ever, heavenly father, to give us that victory that we need. We commit all our burdens into your hands. We commit all our cares into your hands. And father, even as we've come the end of this service, Lord, we pray that your grace that brought us here in these meetings, maybe the same grace, Father, to take us back home as we go, that you may lead every one of us safely, Lord. Praying even for those unable to come for this service that your grace may reach unto them. We pray may touch those that are sick and afflicted. May you heal them. May you make them whole, Father. That all together as we long for that day to be changed in these bodies, Lord. Into bodies that cannot become sick. Into bodies that cannot become weak. Into bodies that cannot die. Into bodies that cannot grow old. Lord, we long for that time. We long for that time. Heavenly Father, be with us as we travel back home. Lord, bless us all together, Lord. Blessing our families, Lord, bless all the children of God, and even bless the missionary meetings tomorrow that your purpose and will may be done. We also commit the overnight on Friday. We pray may also bless it in the name of Jesus Christ. We also praying heavenly father for the services on Sunday, Lord, that again you may come, oh God, and speak to our hearts and reveal yourself to us and manifest yourself to us, Lord. We seek your face. We long for you, Lord. And magnify and glorify all the name. You are worthy, Lord Jesus, of all praise. You are worthy of all honor, Father. Surah, Lord, there's nobody like you, Lord. You are awesome, Lord. We love you, heavenly father. We give praise and honor and adoration to you. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you for this de Lord. Thank you for this service, oh God. Thank you that Lord we found grace and favor in your sight Lord to bless us to speak to us to heal us to deliver us Lord to reveal yourself to us Lord to manifest yourself to us Lord and show us the path that we have to take Lord we pray may lead us heavenly father guide us Lord Jesus Christ and manifest yourself to us how we love you Lord Jesus and how we thank you be glorified and magnified forever more thank you Jesus Blessed be thy name Lord forever. In the name of Jesus Christ we grant us peace. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come the end of the service. On Friday we have an overnight service. So you are all welcome. Then on Sunday we have only one service. Praise the name of our Lord. As we go out let us sing that song where we never grow old. I have heard of a love in that far away place a beautiful home of the soul by Jesus on high. There we never shout down. This a land where will never grow old. Never grow old. never grow up in a land where never grow old. Never grow old. Never grow home. It's a land where we'll never grow old. When our work lies down and our life crowd is one and our trles and trials are over. All our sorrow will end and our voicees will play with the love ones of gone before. Never grow old. never grow old. This a land where will never grow. Never grow old. Ever this alive?
