################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - Our Conduct In Church    Pastor Katumba James      27. 04. 2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    Our Conduct In Church  |  Pastor Katumba James  |    27. 04. 2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kJ5umQoq78
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I will never love and trusting in his praisees. [Music] I sder, surrender. Oh, I surrender. I surrender. [Music] to my blessed s. I surrender humbly at his feet. We [Music] surrender to Jesus. [Music] I surrender. [Music] Holy is me. I confess worldly pleasures all you forsaken me. [Music] Oh, take me Jesus. Take me now. I [Music] surrender. [Music] Lord, I surrender. [Music] Oh, to be my blessed Savior, I surren [Music] Make me savior. Thine I surrender. [Music] Oh to [Music] Jesus I surren Make me [Music] sing. Let me feel my Holy Spirit. We [Music] feel holy spirit [Music] through my [Music] I surrender. Surrender. [Music] My surren I give myself to thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh to Jesus I surrender this morning as you give yourself to the [Music] Lord. I give myself to thee. Fill me with Christ. [Music] [Music] thy blessing. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Surren to Jesus to Be my [Music] blessing. I surrender. Sing and say I feel the sacred flames of fire. Oh to Jesus. Reach out and touch the hem of the garment as you feel the flames of fire around you. I feel it brings the joy of my salvation. [Music] God [Music] salary to Jesus Christ. I surrender. [Music] as you prepare to come to him. I [Music] surrender to me. [Music] Sior. [Music] Oh, start to talk to your God, the savior of the world, who poured down his blood upon you, that by grace you may be saved and through his righteousness you may be presented before the father without spot, no wrinkle. Dear loving Jesus, we thank you father for the blood of Calvary. We thank you Jesus Christ for the spirit of God. We thank you father for your love and kindness. Lord you showed unto us father to see Lord God to have that realization that it is by the blood of Jesus which it is what sanctifies us Lord. And father Lord we come before you Lord Jesus by the way of the blood that we may walk in the new and living way father Lord Jesus as new creatures in Christ Jesus our hope Lord is in you Jesus our strength Father lies upon the Calvary Lord the finished work father we thank you Jesus we depend upon you holy oh God we surrender ourselves unto you father sanctify us Lord consecrate ourselves Lord Jesus. Oh God, as we come, Father, into worship, Lord, as we come, Lord, under the teaching of the word, we love you, oh God. You are so great, Father, because you've always been with us. You've always, Father, working with us, Lord. We feel the flames of fire around us. We feel the joy of our salvation, Lord. And Lord Jesus Christ, we see, Lord God, the manifestations of the word in us, Lord. We thank you Lord Jesus, Lord [Music] God. Jesus. [Music] I surrender now. I [Music] surrender all to Jesus. [Music] Oh, to thee my blame. Save. I surrender. We surrendered before the king. Amen. We give him a hand of praise. [Music] Let us sing this song as we we collect the [Music] offerings. You can try if you want. If you want It says showers of blessings. Showers of blessings. [Music] Showers of blessings we need. Mercy drops round [Music] us. But for the showers, they shall be showers. There shall be showers of place. This is This is the proise of love. There shall be seasons [Music] beyior above showers. [Music] Show us your [Music] blessings. Show us your blessings we need. Mercy drops round us. [Music] And for the showers we bring there will be showers. They shall be showers of his seeds. Precious reviveing again over the hills and the far valley sound over [Music] so shall Showers of grace, showers of mercy. [Music] Mercy drops. Mercy surround us. [Music] And for the showers in me, there will be showers. There shall be showers of [Music] [Applause] blessings for Be free. Step forward brother says and you give a prayer of a blessing. Shers show was blessing. [Music] Showers of blessings we need. We need mercy drops round for me. But for the showers we need. [Music] Dear heavenly father, we want to thank you this morning because you brought us again Lord. Your grace has brought us again into your house. We thank you for your love and mercy upon our lives. We thank you for your constant presence around us, Father. And we thank you, Lord, because your showers of blessings are always around us. Father, we want to thank you for this day. And Father, we come praising and glorifying your holy name of the things you've done even as we sing showers of blessing because we are expecting more from you. Father, I want to bring the offeratories and the test that has been brought into your house. Father, we pray that you'll accept and Lord bless your children even as you said in your word that Lord, let us test you with this and see if you'll not open up the heavens. If you'll not pour down that we'll not even have enough space to contain it. Lord, we believe that those words are true and they are sincere. And Father, we have brought that wish you've given unto us. For we have nothing but what we received from you. And Father, on your own things we have brought back into your house. We pray that you bless us, Lord. I pray that you bless your children in their point of need. Some of them are sick. Some of them are looking for jobs. Some of them need more revelation from you. Some of them have questions, Lord. Some of them are desperate. Lord, I pray that you reach out at their point of need and be an answer. Heavenly Father, we also commit the rest of the service, the preaching of the word and the hearing of it that Lord you blessed in special way that Lord you will speak to us that we will walk out of this place and have a testimony that we have been with Jesus. We thank you heavenly father and we appreciate we commit all things into your hands believing and trusting in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Let me walk bless the Lord in the way thou has gone. Leaving straight to the land [Music] above. Giving chair everywhere to the Lord. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close. Keep me close to my sonior and my soul satisfied. Feel my way every day. Feel my way. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. As we usher in the pastor, let us sing that song 150. Oh happy day that fix my [Music] joys. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yes. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] When Jesus [Music] Christ Heat. Heat. to God. [Music] inside. [Applause] Yes. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Let us give praise. Amen. Let us pray. Father, how we are thankful Lord Jesus Christ. It was such a very happy day. when you washed away all our sins. Oh, we are grateful heavenly father that we can come into your presence. You said where two or three are gathered. You'll be there in their midst. We believe you in our midst tonight. So we call upon your name. You come and speak to us heavenly father. Guide us heavenly father. The things that we need to do lord Jesus. Bless us all together father upon this meeting. Hear all the prayers of your children. Send the captives through heavenly father. Fill us with your holy spirit. Lord seeking our mistake everyone hold this service into your hands other meetings in different places into your hands that Lord you may speak to all your children to all the ministers ministering that your purpose and will be done we thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. My voice is not the best. Since Tuesday, I've been fighting this cold and [Music] flu, but I thank God that we are here today. And then we want to appreciate those who came for the overnight on Friday. Praise the name of our Lord. We just want to encourage everyone of us Whenever the church is opened, see that you are part of the services. Praise the name of our Lord. Because that could be your day of full victory or that could be your day that the Lord says, "Let me release what you've been asking for all this time in the name of our Lord." I want to recognize Mama Rich, if you can stand up. with your daughters. You're welcome. She's a businesswoman in town, you may sit down. And I also pray next time you come with Mr. David, your husband. You come part of us. Praise the name of our Lord. even other visitors if you're here and you can just raise up your hand. You're welcome brother. Amen. Amen. So there is an appreciation here from brother. God bless you saints and dear pastor. I humbly thank you for standing with me in the trying moment when I lost my beloved auntie. I really appreciate your attendance at the barrier ceremony and thank you for the effort spiritually, financially and emotionally. I don't have enough words to express my appreciation, but may the good Lord reward you abundantly. Remember my mother in prayers. This is from our brother Ben. We appreciate those able to go for the bar on Thursday. Personally, I was not able We always reserve outreach services on Thursday I was in for services to go praise the name of our Lord. You know the Bible tells us we should mourn with those who are mourning. We should rejoice with those who are rejoicing. Praise the name of that one should continue doing it. Praise the name of our Lord. Then I also want to bring greetings from pastor and his wife. I talked to them last night. Praise the name of the Lord. On Friday he was preaching at brother Edis's church that is in Clodale. Of course, right now they have a new pastor called Tom Ray. And yesterday I took time to listen the whole service and it was a very good service and I wanted to share it but it is hard to share it unless you download the sermon. Maybe we may download the sermon and share with you. But I would encourage you to listen. Praise the name of Lord. Was preaching on if no if you know the gift of God. Amen. And it was such a great blessing. Just one and a half hours service and it was very good. Just keep him in your prayers day up to the middle of the month up to around 15th of May. Praise the name of our Lord. Then remember that on 18th May it will be a Sunday. We shall have a handover service here and then outside we shall have the function. So let us be in preparations for that. So today after the service we shall have the first preparatory meeting outside how we can go about it. We want to appreciate all those who have contributed so far those who have pledged and even those who are yet to make decisions. Let us just stand together. Praise the name of our Lord. Sometimes the strations can be hard. Praise the name of our Lord. And sometimes that's when you call support for others. That's when you need support. Praise the name of Lord. Today we have only one service but after the service we shall have a meeting outside for preparation and then today brother Wilson started started the Sunday school services Sunday school normally we are meant to have Sunday school from 10:00 Sunday school for us here up to 10:30 30. So let us be mindful to really come in time. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother Wilson has gone to preach at brother Jerema's church in kept him in prayers. Even brother Jeremiah went to preach at brother Martin's church. Even brother Moses today is also helping in the song service at praise the name of I think you can see the gaps are many praise the name of but we want to appreciate [Applause] brotherh I'm trying I'm praying to identify more Praise the name of we thank God how we identified brother was able to fit in the gap when Jeremiah left the name of so I'm praying God to guide me to get identify other people who can help in the services of the lord praise the name of our lord so next Sunday, we shall also have only one service. We are meant to have the Lord's supper every first Sunday of the month. But we are finding there is a big gap among the youth who are coming up. Praise the name of our Lord. The pressures of the day are so much. So what we want to do because most of the youth have come back, let me ask them to stand up. Those who have just come back from school, few are here. Even behind there there are a number of them. Let us clap for them. So you may sit down. So during this holiday with effect from next Sunday we want to have afternoon services for the youth. Praise the name of the whole up to such that we can have more interaction with them and be able to help them in the spiritual growth. Praise the name of So we shall not have the Lord's supper next Sunday that for the youth meeting even the coming Sunday of course the coming after the two Sundays there will be now the handover service that last Sunday in the month we shall also have the youth meeting. Praise the name of our lord. We just want so we can see that we can become closer to God. Praise the name of our God. The song before we can go into the reading of Sister is also not around. She's praying [Music] from so just keep her in our prayers. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Teach me Lord to wait down on my knees till in your own good time. You answer my please. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall bount with wings and eagles. They shall rise and not be weary. They shall not fade. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to teach me Lord to wait. My heart are afraid. Tell me how my pride and call on your name. Keep my you keep my eyes on me. Let me be [Music] all you must be all the way upon the Lord. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] They shall not be [Applause] [Music] [Music] sh so Are you wearing of tr in the darkness? You [Music] see every night for a look at the life and I'm free. Oh, your eyes [Music] are Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, to be like Jesus. [Music] to be like Jesus. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my [Music] go journey. from my to my [Music] holy [Music] [Applause] God. Amen. Amen. Let us clap for them. Amen. To be like Jesus. Praise the name of our Lord. So today asking for the grace of God. We just want to start on church order. Praise the name of our Lord. Those days we used to have it so much in our Sunday schools. But our Sunday school services have not been always consistent. So it is necessary that we start it to remind ourselves praise the name of our lord. You know, I was reading during the dedication of the bra tabernacle in March 1963. And then brother Brham was preaching on the sermon God hiding himself in simplicity. He took time on church order. Praise the name of the Lord. Now in December of that same year the he was receiving questions from the deacons and one of the complaint was the parents and the children they don't want to hear the instructions of the deacons concerning the church order which was done in March. He talks about the order in March of 1963 and then now in December they are complaints that people don't want to hear these things and even some people had left church because they don't want to keep the church order. Now you can imagine hardly six hardly n months people had not following what was told to them in March and then here we've taken a bit of time without talking about church order. So it is very important that we take some bit of time to talk about church order. So today by the grace of God I want to talk about our conduct in church. Then next Sunday God willing I want to talk more on maybe another aspect still on church order maybe another service and so on like that. God will guide us. So let us stand up and have a word of prayer again. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you again this morning, the grace that you've given unto us that we can come into your presence. You told us, heavenly father, that judgment starts from the house of God. Here is where we are corrected. Here is where we are guided how to conduct ourselves. We pray that the Holy Spirit will come and speak to us. Father, lead us and to guide us, how we can best relate with you when we come into your presence. Bless us, Father. Respect us, Lord. Deliver us, heavenly father, from all our weaknesses, from all our failures. Help us to be obedient to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. While we are still standing, let us go to first Timothy 3 and then verse 15. 1 Timothy 3:15, he says, "But if I turn along, that thou mayest know how thou owest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth. May God bless of his word. You may be seated. So I want to take time and talk about our conduct in church. So he says that we need to know how we behave ourselves in the house of God. Like here this place has been dedicated for the services of the Lord. Here is where we can come and worship more. Here is where we can come and praise God. Here is where we can come and pour all our hearts to the Lord and tell Lord this is this is my need. Lord this is my desire. And now each and every one of us we come with different issues. We come with different needs. We come with different challenges. And so it is always very important that as each and every one of us will leave our homes, how we are coming here, let us be concerned about others also who are coming into the presence of praise the name of our Lord. You know that your action can affect the deliverance of another person. The way you conduct yourself in the presence of God, you can grieve the Holy Spirit and then the Holy Ghost doesn't have liberty to operate. Praise the name of Lord. So we need to say that when we come in the presence of God, let us create an atmosphere whereby the Holy Spirit has the liberty to minister to us. Praise the name of Lord. Let us create an atmosphere and an atmosphere that is accepted before God is that when he has spoken of his word. Praise the name of God. We can now give an example in Mark chapter 11. And then in verse 15, the Bible says, Mark 11:15, and they came to Jerusalem, and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bought in the temple. and overthrew the tables of money changers, and the seats of them that sold doves, and would not suffer that any man should carry any vessel through the temple. And he taught, saying unto them, It is not, is it not written, my house shall be called of all nations, the house of prayer, but you have made it a den of thieves. Isaiah Praise the name of the Lord. He goes into the temple and these people had made the temple atmosphere to be a business place. You know when you go to the market there is no agenda there. You find this one is crossing there is crossing there is standing in you know everybody is doing their own things. This one is going the other side is going the other side. This one is doing whatever. The other one is shouting. One is singing. I put on the other one I put on the other radio on the other one is doing this free place. And so that's what they were doing in the temple of said this is not what the purpose of this place is. And you know like when you go to a funeral, people of business will always be there along the road to the funeral. Different things, different things, different things. There's a funeral went for in some time ago and people are selling their pork ready to eat different chopsticks around. And the the ones of beer are also there along the road. Everything like that. But you see when we come to the house of God, we need to come with respect. We need to come with the honor deserves in the place of God. How I'm coming to the place of God. Praise the name of God. How am I dressing when I come into the house? How am I conduct myself when I come into the presence of God? What am I meant to do in the presence of God? I think it was last year. And then there were parents in I believe they went to a certain church and then they put this kid. I think either it was some of these cars or what I don't remember exactly. Either it was these small cars, you know, these toys and then they put the church like that coming out to the family. It was great. But how about the environment you're creating in that until the leadership of the church such a kind of thing? There are things people can freely do at home. They can do them at home because they have the liberty to do such things at home into the presence of God. When you come into the church, there is a certain way you come with respect. The Bible is telling us how we ought to behave when we're in the presence of God. Praise the name of God. You know, you can't go to a meeting of a president and you are all the time in and out, in and out, in and out. Security men will ask you what's wrong with you? What is it? Why you disrupting? How about in the presence of God? And then here we look at our church. The doors are through. So somebody can say, I want to go this side. Oh, maybe I want to go here. So I walk from behind there, come in front and then go this side. Oh, I want to go the other side. So I come from here, just cross and then go. What environment are we then creating? How about the people who are seated paying attention trying to catch something from the Lord and then for me I'm just wishful walking. this place is shorter for me. And then in some places we even receive calls. Now you know I'm in church. How are we behaving in the presence of God? You imagine this kind of scenario. You've gone to somebody's office and you want that person to help you. The person is seated before you. He has given you a seat there and he's hearing you or is speaking to you and then you get a call. Say now you know I'm in the I'm in the chief's office. You'll call me later. Put yourself in the office. It being your own office. You are in your own office. Somebody wants you to help them. When they come in your office, they are not paying attention to they cannot even just put that phone off or maybe keep it silent. If maybe somebody is calling, I'm sorry. You just kind of switch off that call. I'm sorry. There you are showing more respect to that person but now this person has to wait for you to receive the you have already cut off your conversation and so you find that you okay you have come to ask this person doesn't have any respect then how about when we come into the presence of the crate of the heavens and earth the place is dedicated for the services. If I want to do any conversation, why don't I go outside there? Thank God the whole environment here is made. Outside every place has been put conveniently. We have trees this side. We have trees the other side. Even along the ver and what is interesting the neighborhood here because our place is not gated. They come and sit there on the ver and some even just lie down there is made well. Then you get sometimes Buddha men sleeping there with their motorcycles under those streets when they get tired whatever they've done they come and sit there and then some come and have their meetings there but then for us we have no respect we would rather come and converse from here you know what happened you know this week this has this has been like this but there are many places outside you can do it but then you know we kind of like don't have you know that kind of respect and you see you find that we get ourselves caught up in that kind of situation you know but we need to see how we can behave ourselves whatever has been put here is to see how we can worship worship God. Praise the name of Lord. How do we conduct ourselves in the presence of God? And you know, God requires being honored. In his presence, praise the name of our Lord where he says, "Where is my respect?" That's what the Lord asks. Let us go to Malachi 1:6. Malachi 1 verse 6 to verse 8. The Bible says, "A son honors his father and a servant his master. If then I be a father, where is my honor? And if I be a master, where is my fear? Says the Lord of hosts." unto you all priests that despise my name. And you say, "Wherein have we despised thy name? [Music] Then he says, "You offer the pluted bread upon mine altar, and you say, wherein have we polluted thee?" In that you say, "The table of the Lord is contemptable. And if you offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? And if you offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? Offer it now unto thy governor, will he be pleased with thee or accept thy person, says the Lord of hosts? Praise the name of the Lord. So God was asking, if I'm your father, if I'm your lord, if I'm your creator, where is my honor? Praise the name of our Lord. Says give me respect, give me honor. Praise the name of says, if you can't do that to another person, why would you do it to the Lord? If you come in the presence of God and then you don't have respect. So then how how will it take you? Praise the name of the Lord. There's another scripture in 1 Samuel chapter 2. And then verse 30 says, "Why the Lord God of Israel says, I said indeed that thy house and the house of thy father should walk before me forever. But now the Lord says, "Be it far from me. For them that honor me, I will honor, and they that despise me shall lightly be esteemed. [Music] carbon. Praise the name of the Lord says give me the honor if you despise me says I will take you lightly. Praise the name of the Lord. So we need to learn how to conduct ourselves in the presence of God. We need to come with honor. We need to come with respect when we are coming in the presence of praise the name of our Lord. Now there are some scenarios there are some places praise the name of the other people when they are coming to church they come with slippers but they are working now when they are going to places of work they dress smartly. Now when they come to church they dress lousy and they think that's humility. No that's wrong. Praise the name of our Lord. They just come you know you know God bless you. at shabily but Monday when you meet them in their offices they're totally different we shouldn't do like that dress up decently you are coming to meet the king of kings are you coming to tell God lord I don't have clothes you taken long without buying for me clothes you know those days people were walking bare feet but nowadays people can afford to put on something come decent in the presence of God you know God told the children of Israel let us go to Exodus chapter 19 verse 10 it says And the Lord said unto Moses, "Go unto the people and sanctify them today and tomorrow, and let them wash their clothes. When you have dirty clothes, when you can wash, praise the name of Hey, even there is order he wants at home. But now for you either on on Sunday that's when you have to dress bad [Music] dirty unless maybe when you something just happened there and then that you have to come to church maybe you drunkard maybe a certain situation that's different but then for you who knows that I'm meant to be on to church on Sunday. I'm going to be church on Wednesday and then you don't care how you dress or you don't bathe. Shabby and then you come to church. And you see nowadays shabiness is a fashion. Nowadays there is a singer He went to Tanzania and when he was in the Tanzania I think either he had drunk a lot of drugs. So he was thinking he was on a stage but he was passing through a window and he fell down and he got broken and then he was saying that man takes I don't know how long without bathing. But we shouldn't be like those people. These days you find people with hair which is not kept well shabby. You find men you find men their hair is just like potato hips just like this. We used to see mad men like that. But now madness is even on people who walk. Men making braided hair and it is so terrible. We are living in a terrible age. There is a profession here in Uganda and it's not only in Uganda but the whole world when you go to these people when you go to their schools in the universities they are the smartest students there at the university when you Those university schools, every university you get them, they are taught how to be decent because stand for people and they are told that is part of their culture. But let me tell you, praise the name of the Lord. What happened? They went and elected a person who is a raster with hair braided like that pe in the air thinks like that. So how is the world going? And then you now very smart person, very sharp. But see what happens outside. That's the trend of the world we having now is that the things which are wrong are highly exalted up. And you got some of these best universities in the world. You'll get such kind of people raers those international schools. That's why we need to take time with our young people because the influences are so terrible, terrible conditions. You know the world has turned upside down. And then we are living in a situation that parents cannot teach their children how to behave. They want to blame the school teachers. But the school teacher is a hiring is a hiring you own now for you. What have you done as praise the name of? So how do we dress when we are coming? We need to be decent with respect. Praise the name of like we've been trying to tell the people stand at the pal when you're coming here. Dress smartly. Put on a tie. I don't know what happened last Wednesday. Praise the name of Lord. I don't know either they forgot it or they just realized that even they going to come at the pulpit. I don't know but we keep on telling please have respect. Praise the name of our Lord. You know you say this one two three times after some time there but there is a way we are expected to conduct our how about if maybe we I come with a t-shirt with sandals you'll ask is the So seek what? Praise the name of Yeah. There's a particular conduct we should have. Praise the name of our Lord. So there's a way God is expecting us to come before his presence in the Old Testament. There is the way the priesthood had to dress acceptable before God. Praise the devil. So we also have to have respect like now if I'm to be presentable before people you know somebody who is presentable or acceptable. There's an expectation of people that I expect him to dress like this to do like this and then I come in a different way. Somebody said maybe there was something maybe they just called him and take that service. But if you know that I'm going to conduct a service let me come prepared for praise the name of there's a conduct that is expected of us when we come before the presence of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Others you'll be like showing you have no respect. You have no honor. Praise the name of God. Now this does not mean at home we can do anything we want. It shouldn't be like that. Praise the name of our Lord. There is a home I visited. Praise the name of our Lord. And I was shocked. But sometimes for the way they dress at home, they as if they're in their bedrooms. But we have also to have respect at home. Like if I'm at home, why should I come out with a towel and then appear naked? Why would I do that? Praise the name of the Lord. Why would I come, you know, at home? The way I sit. I don't care. I'm at home. But then you have opened other people to come where you are sitting. Like when you go to villages to the old mothers when it is hot, you know, they always put on. So when they sitting under the tree, the whole up is bare. Then you also want to do the same thing. We must also have respect how we conduct ourselves. Praise the name of God. Now let us just go and pick this scripture in Proverbs 7:10. Praise the name of our Lord. He says, "And behold, there met him a woman with the of aot and subtile of heart. Now he says there there is an attire there is a dressing of a prostitute. They are there is the way they dress and for them they dress to market what they have. Most of those places where people do so those kind of funny things. They are there to dress to seduce men. But now as children of God we shouldn't dress like that. Praise the name of you. You shouldn't dress like that. Why do you dress to seduce a person? And you know by the time you choose even what you're going to dress that means there is a spirit upon you which is causing you to do that. Praise the name of they dress to seduce And you know a spirit that makes you to seduce, it's a spirit of fornication or adultery. And then Jesus says, "Woever looks upon a woman and lust after her has committed adultery with her just only to look and then somebody lusts after you." Let us go to Matthew chapter 5. Matthew chapter 5 and then verse 28. But I say unto you, that looks on a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her in his heart. [Music] So on the door of judgment, what happens? A woman will stand with men behind. Who are these? You committed adultery with them. How? The way you dressed, seducing spirits. If you are born again, you will hate what is contrary to the word of God. Praise the name of Lord. If you know that you have things which are not right, you will throw them away. You'll not keep some in reserve. These ones are just for wearing at home. You know in church they want those long dresses. We don't just want but God wants that even at your home. Praise the name of why do you keep tight ones for home? Why throw them away. Praise the name of because they are evil spirits on those things. It's just like people were in witchcraft. They have their [Music] charms. If maybe having a west if you accept the Lord, throw it away. Ban it. Praise the name of But now you say me, I'm going to keep this one here. So where is your heart now? You still have interest in that kind of thing. So even our dressing, praise the name of our Lord as children of God. You know there was a king in the Bible. The Bible says he did that which was right. In other words, when I come to church, I have to be like others. That's what they want us to do. But when they alone, they do what they want to do. It has a problem. The man was doing right before God, but the heart was not perfect before God. And that's the condition of a number of people. You find sisters on Sunday They are putting on and then some can ask you how far from the knees don't you see mine is a little bit how about when you sit and then when they are sitting they have to cross the leg because there's something they covering others put there the paper Why? Praise the name of our Lord. Why? And when they are sitting, they even change direction. Like for example, when they are sitting, sit like this because the thing is this way. They're not going to sit like this. They going to sit like this. They do like this. Put your paper Why aren't you free? Because you are bound. There's something wrong. Praise the name of our Lord. But if you're a child of God, release yourself from those things. If you dress right, praise the name of our Lord. But you see people when they at places of work tight when they come to church or maybe some move with other clothes when they are before they they come out for church the spirit is still wrong. Praise the name of when I'm at home. Let me dress right when I'm at place of work. Let me dress right when I come to church. Let me also dress right. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what God expects us to do. What is our conduct? Praise the name of our Lord. God expects us to do these things. But you see the devil keeps on attacking, attacking, drawing you, drawing you. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us also go to second Kings chapter 9. And then verse 22, the Bible says, "And it came to pass when Joram saw Ju that he said, is it peace, Ju?" And he answered, "What peace so long as the wardoms of thy mother Jezebel and witchcrafts are so many? Praise the name of our Lord. Now look what Jezebel here. Jezebel was a beauty queen, very beautiful. No wonder Ahab had to fall for her. and she was a daughter of a king. Now Jezebel, the Bible says she was a [Music] harot and she was a witch. Can you imagine that? Now like young brothers who are falling for beauty like Samson get this one for me I can't leave this one he got a lamposa outside very attractive but you don't know what is inside but inside it may be until you can't sit at home. How is your wife? Just leave. They are praising you, but you know you're burning. Burning burning. That was Jezebel. Very beautiful witch. So when she heard that Je was coming, did you know what she did? And you see the devil is a liar. In the midst of her looking nice, she was not contented. She said, "Let me paint herself. There is a woman who is always president in Uganda. Now she was saying I'm going to go for plastic surgery they reduce my breast size. You know the devil is a liar. Like I I think about five years or eight years ago there was a report on BBC report and then they were saying that the women in South Africa and the women Indonesia they are the women who use most of the skin lightening ingredients. But you go to Indonesia, they are light skinned, but they feel like it's not enough. Just want more. It's just the deception of the devil. And see, that's how the devil keeps on deceiving. And you know what Satan does is the moment you open a certain gate. Satan stands at the gates and he does admissions. This demon comes and passes. The other one comes and passes. Comes and passes. That's what the devil does. like a demon of fornication or adultery. It will stand at the gate if you don't chase it away. Then a demon of deception comes. You just know how to deceive and trick cover the other you have done. And as you keep on that demon, then a demon of murder comes and then it comes and sits here. That's what does he open the gate is the ad. You are part of us. You come. And the Bible says the last end of the person is worse than what? So now we shouldn't allow things which are wrong in our lives. Don't allow them. If you are doing them say Lord have mercy upon Lord deliver me out of this and then allow God to come and take over your life. Praise the name of our Lord. So Jezebel, the Bible says she was a witch and a harot. Now when she saw Ju coming in 2 Kings chapter 22:30 and when Ju was come to Jezro Jezebel heard of it and she painted her face and trying tied her head and looked out at the window. 2 Kings chapter 9 rather verse 22 verse 30 said she painted herself painted. Yes. And then you get some people green [Music] here. They are green people. green. And then there are those who paint themselves like postcards. In 2015, there was a man in Algeria. He married a wife. and he spent about $20,000 and this woman would do make up like nothing and the man fell for the face arranged and they went for the wedding. So when he was with the wife the following day when he woke up in the morning he thought it was a thief and there was a scuffle because the face was not the same. Then the woman said I'm the wife. Why are you not the one? He took the woman to the court. said, "This is not the woman I married. The one I married look like this, but this one looks like this." So he says, "I want compensation for my 20,000, you know, paint, work upon there's a wedding we had here sometime and now sister. I wondered is this the person we know somebody totally different copper girl different. So that was Jezebel seducing Ju. And then verse 31. And as Ju entered in the gate, she said had Zim peace who threw his master. And he lifted up his face to the windows and said, "Who is on my side? And who?" And they looked out to him two or three uns. And he said, "Throw her down." So they threw her down. And some of her blood was sprinkled on the wall and on the horses, and it troed under foot. And when he came was come in, he did eat and drink and said, "Go see now this cast woman and bury her, for she is a king's daughter." He said cast woman. Why cast? Because of the things she was doing. So even God had pronounced judgment upon her. Now, why would I put myself in curses and think that I honor God? But yet, God expects us to live a life, that is virtuous, a life that is clean. Praise the name of how God expects us to live that kind of life. And you see we have challenges nowadays. Praise the name of our Lord. Like there's some somebody who sent me a message in the course of the week. And what is interesting, she used the husband's phone and sent me a message. And then the message was I don't know if I can get it. Let me try to look for it here. And then a woman sent the husband. Yeah. Sent the husband. Yes. An apple. the apple and said, "Darling, darling, take." Some people they are married but they have secret relationship with other women. They have some kind of you know romantic communication with others not their wives. They can show kindness but he's having a wife but then he's getting to another person so kind. No wonder they send support there. They are failing to do them at home but they're doing it for somebody else. And when they on phone there was also another sister. She timed when the husband had gone to either bathe or what then she got the message forwarded it said have you seen this man of man is having another woman you know we have a troubles somebody on their phones they have other relationships others I don't have. But as long as you're watching pornography, you're watching funny things, you have those same demons and you get this thing, it just keeps on eating somebody, eating somebody, no peace and then you find that there's a divide in the family. Because people are not sincere. People have started getting the things which are not right. Now the Bible says in Ephesians chapter 2 and then verse three. The Bible says among whom also we are all had our conversation the time passed in the lust of our flesh fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind and we are by nature the children of wrath even as others It says we were in those things the lust of the flesh. Whatever your flesh wants, you just want to do it. Whatever you think about, you just want to do it, you need to be born again and then delivered from that kind of nature because that's the nature of Satan, you know, every time you are thinking of this, doing this, even when you are talking, your language is dirty, dirty words for you to mention a a bad word is not a problem because all the time in the mind all the time you're reading those data you are seeing those data you're hearing those data so you are feeding on that and when you feed on that you put out that see so you need to have respect for yourself you need to be born again, you need to be converted. But you see, your nature itself is converted is changed. Praise the name of our Lord. You need to do that. And now people who want to marry, don't be in a rush to marry somebody immediately. I want to marry immediately. Take time. Find out who they are. Take time. Praise the name of our Lord. Otherwise, you may be with that kind of person. The body can pretend to be with you, but the heart is somewhere else because they are not converted. Praise the name over. So we need to say that all these kind of things they are not part of us. Praise the name of our lord. We need to have respect for ourselves, the things we do, how we conduct ourselves, how we dress ourselves, how we talk. Praise the name of when you come into the presence of God, you are acceptable. Praise the name of God. You're not like Cain because the Bible says in Genesis chapter 4 that Cain, he was rejected. Even his offering was rejected. And so when we come into the presence of God, let us not come like Cain. Cain came into the presence of God to worship God. But God had no respect for Cain. Why? Because of his heart condition, evil thoughts, evil imagination, evil desires. So when we are coming into the presence of God, let us see that we throw away all those that praise the name of like on phone. Of course, you may be under many WhatsApp groups. WhatsApp. But if you know that the things sent on this forum which are dirty, why should I feed it? Why don't I delete? Why would your phone be full of dirty things? Why are you keeping them if you don't like them? Remove them. Praise the name of our Lord. Then you can be acceptable when you come before the presence of God. Your heart is right. You don't have that in your heart. Praise the name of the Lord because it matters a lot. How am I coming into the presence of God? Have I made myself right before God? Oh, I'm just coming to church as a casual occasion. I meant to be in charge then you come but are you acceptable before God and it's not difficult to be acceptable just apply the blood of Jesus Christ in whatever condition you are in allow the blood of Jesus Christ to come and take over your praise the name of Now a problem we have is coming late to church. Late coming and we have excuses for coming late. We have many excuses what you have not done in the week you do it on Sunday. But if you are coming to meet God, why don't you do things early enough to see that we are here at church in time. Praise the name of the Lord. See that we keep time. We give respect. If we have made appointment with God that by 9:30 we are meant to be in charge. We are going to be here 30 minutes before that time. You should be here at church. And when you come here to church, take time and meditate. Take time and pray. Take time and read the word. You are preparing your heart. The Lord will come and speak to you. Sometimes you have had troubles at home. The week has been so bad for you. Now it is your opportunity to tell God all your trouble problem. Then why don't you give it time? Praise the name of you have an interview. Do you go when the time has expired? You go much early. But then here you are coming to meet God. that you come in time. Start making your preparations on Saturday. Let your clothes be ready. You don't wake up in the morning. Then you have this your mind is completely troubled. So even by the time you come to church, you've forgotten your Bible. You've forgotten your notebook. You've forgotten this. You're just here for a show off, but your heart is not with the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. And let me say this, the things that we do at home. They'll never get exhausted. Never. But you have a limited time to be in the presence of God. Why don't you get good use of that time? And even when we come here in the presence of God, let us give the place of God respect and avoid coming making noise around. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, God being misunderstood, he says, "Brother Bill, please say something about both children and adults. Being so noisy, moving about during the service, the tabernacle needs some lessons in reverence. He says, "Amen." Children, do you not know how to obey yourself in the house of God? Do you not know this is the sancture of God? God is in his holy temple. Let everybody keep quiet. It is the place of God where people are coming meditating trying to find salvation to the soul trying to find problems of the people's lives. to help someone. The least you can do is be reverent. Be quiet. Get you a drink of water before church starts. I know little ones have to have drinks. Mothers that's got those little fellows. If you would sit near the back Keep them just as quiet as possible. And there should be never a whisper. Never one whisper. We are all guilty. But when that Bible is read and the minister enters the pulpit, we should be silent waiting on the Lord. Now please try to do that. Praise the name of Lord. You know when we come to church as we said at the beginning with different needs the other one this is his last opportunity. So don't grieve the Holy Spirit hindering the other person who is in need. Another one is sick. They need healing. So your conduct In effect they are you know receiving from God what they have come for. So you be with reverence. Brother Brandham was having the prayer life. He would tell the people be reverent. Don't walk up and down. You grieve the Holy Spirit. So then you need to see that when you come be reverent praise the name of you know not making noise speaking to this one passing on kids no be reverent and attentive praise the name of now that does not mean that you don't say amen what he has to It doesn't mean that. But when we come, we come with reverence. Praise the name of our Lord in the message church order. He says in 1963, he says, "Brethren, we are called, we called this meeting together here tonight for the purpose of knowing how to operate the church of the living God, which we believe to be part of this church. I want to first I want to first thing I want to say that in my travels around the world so far as I know this is one of the most spiritual places where you feel the spirit of God more than any other place I No, I had two other places in mind that used to be but so far they don't seem to see those places. One of them has just went into organization and the other has kind of fallen. He's talking about the quality of the spirit in the church. the presence of God in the church and then he's saying our church very spiritual and there was also another place but our fallen praise the name of so we need to see that we guard ourselves to see that we don't sink into error And if we have been in error, let us change. Praise the name of let us change the way we've been doing things. If I've been used coming to church at 11:00, let him change it. If I'm going to the school, do I report at 11? Sure. If I'm going to open my shop, do I open at midday? Then why is the place of God become dishonorable? I don't care the time I come. You know, we need to see that we change our ways, time keeping. Praise the name of our Lord. You see that we come in time and you come in expectation. Lord, I've come in your presence. Lord, I'm here. And then you wait on the Lord. Praise the name of you. Wait on the Lord. And then don't first start roll calling. That's what has brought you. Wait on the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord and pray for them. Lord help my brother, help my sister. Praise the name of Lord. You know there are things which are not right like within this same week here. You know there are things you hear which are depressing. Praise the name of the Lord. There are two places I heard and now I said Lord I don't know what to do. And then I just said what I have to do. is to intercede for these people. And I took time interceding. Praise the name of our Lord. And then one of them by yesterday the situation had changed. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, you'll find that we need to intercede for one another. Like now there's a brother who was giving who was asking questions and he said God shows me things and when God shows me things and they happen to be true and they said God showed me something about a certain person and then brother Brandham was advising them well what you do if God shows you something about somebody go and talk it over to that person and do it in meekness and going there to rebuke God showed me this like this like this say show them in weakness they accept it is true of course you pray with them that God may deliver you but if they reject and it is true God himself will handle that. So we need to see that we stand for one another. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says, "Brethren, I'm sure that you don't realize that I've made this remark about this being a spiritual place. It isn't the biggest place in the world and it isn't what we have the most most singing. the most screaming, the most horroring or the most speaking in tong and things. That isn't it. But it is the quality of the spirit that operates in this tabernacle. Praise the name of God. And that's what we want. The quality of the spirit of God. You know the spirit of God coming in our medies speaking to us and when you know that you are in error Lord have mercy upon you don't try to defend and don't fight back don't do that and don't try to defend something wrong have my support I was doing this kind of thing and I didn't know it was wrong. Lord forgive me. Lord deliver me. Praise the name of the Lord. That shows that is a good ground because the Bible says the good ground are they in a good and honest heart. A honest heart is a repentant heart. Not that you're not going to make mistakes. You can make mistakes. But when I make mistakes, Lord have mercy upon me. That's a good ground. And so that brings the quiet of the spirit to be right. And so we create a good environment that sinners can be saved, sick people can be healed, people are longing, God can find him. our trouble can be settled. Praise the name of our Lord. You know that we keep the presence of God with us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, God hiding himself in simplicity. He says, "And then the music sister, Sister Gi, sister, okay, she was talking about the sister in church. And then she says, She would be playing, you know, and she would play softly at the cross where my savior died. Real sweet soft music. And then until it comes for the time of the service and then the song leader got up and led a couple of congregational songs and then if they had some outstanding solo they sang it but not a bunch of carrying on. So even the quality of our song service matters a lot. Praise the name of God. Let us sing real godly music. Down at the cross where my Savior died. Praise the name of God. Not some of these chopped up songs until you got the discourse. They doing those same chopped songs. He washed me. He washed me. The one who saying that they was washed. What were you washed of? You're still in the bar. You're still in the You're still in line. No conviction in those songs. But let the song have a message. When somebody hears that song, it brings some kind of conviction in the heart. It draws the spirit of God nearer. Praise the name of real songs that can touch our soul. Praise the name of God. Something that you know will impact you and it changes your thinking, changes your mind, praise the name of our Lord and when the congregation gets to singing and when the music continually played and then when I heard that I know it was my time to come out. When a minister walks into the congregation of people praying in the anointing of the spirit, you are bound to hear from heaven. That is just all there is nowhere to keep from it. But if you walk into confusion, there you are confused. The spirit is grieved. So nothing much can be done in a service. People come in the service with their problems. They go back with their problem not delivered. So our conduct in church matters a lot. Praise the name of our Lord. How do we conduct ourselves in church? I think I'm not able to to go into everything. But let us talk about how we handle our children. Praise the name of our Lord. How we handle our children in the church. You know, we need to see that these children when they are disciplined at home and at church. Praise the name of the Lord. child running around. This is not a place for that. This is not a place for kids game playing. No. And let us teach this when they are still young that we are in church. We need to give God reverence. And parents should sit near their children. Praise the name of our Lord. Watch over them, not make noise. Praise the name of our Lord. See that you sit with your children. You manage your children, not running, running up and down. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, God guiding himself in simplicity. He says now there is little children, little babies. Now they don't know no different. The only way they can get what they want is cry for it. And sometimes is a drink of water and sometimes they need attention. And so we have by the grace of God dedicated the room and it's called on the list a cry room. We have a cry room there. Praise the name of God. But then some people put it a sleeping place. When a mother is sleeping, one who is not a mother is also here hiding herself there. for babies. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us put everything in its position. Praise the name of Lord. And that place I believe it's not enough. But if my baby if I'm not feeding my baby from there, I'm not breastfeeding my baby from there. I'm not laying the baby down there, why should I make it my permanent place? And you can sit sit and you can sit near another mother and you start conversation. Today the service is going to end at what times? It's already it's already one. No, we have come to meet God. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us put order there. Why would I my permanent place? This is my corner. How about the people have just given birth? Where are you going to admit them? Praise the name of Lord. So then he says, but it's right straight in front of me. In other words, where mothers can take their baby. Now, it never bothers me maybe here at the pit. Maybe I won't even notice it being anointed, but there are other people sitting near and it bothers them and they come to hear the service. So even as a parent, let me be conscious about my neighbor. If you have a stubborn kid, why do you want that kid spoil the service for the others? You know, there are kids who are just stubborn. Brother, I'm saying if they can't behave in church, take them home until they learn to be not to spoil the service. Like we had a scenario here to change the seat to another place because of another mother with a baby whatever happened we need to give respect to others that as I've come to hear from God be concerned that even this brother next to me, this sister next to me from the spirit of Christ is for you to desire the other person to have the best right. How do you live for another person? Praise the name of So we need to see that we we do things rightly. Then he says, "So, so the mothers if the little baby starts whispering, you can't help that." Sure. You should, you ought to bring it. A real mother want to take the baby to church and that's the thing you should do. And we've got a room there where you can see every corner of the building or the auditorium and the speaker there where you can control the volume anyway you want to then a little in the end. He was describing the arrangement of the church and he says all put there for the mother's convenience. Then he says and then many times teenage children and sometimes adults will get you know young people will pass notes or cut something in the church. Now you are old enough to know better than that. You should know better than that. You shouldn't come here if you expect to be a real man someday and raise a family to the kingdom of God and then start it off in the beginning and act right and do right. Now the ashers stand at the corners of the building and if any carrying on they are ordained as their duty and it transisted here in the front that in case of someone getting misbehaving they are commissioned to ask that person to keep quiet. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to say that we are in order doing the things right. Now he was saying this in March 1963 but in December some people refused to follow what was being said. Now in the message church order in 1963 he says brother Brham with respect to the order of the church we have tried to go accordingly to the way we understand the orders given in dedication of the new church and by doing so some have gotten mad and left the church. and others will not listen to anything we say especially the children. We have talk to the parents about their children and they won't take care of them now. Have we misunderstood or are we going about in the wrong way? Then he say thanks. Then he says now let me answer this one as they come down. In respect to order of the church, we are trying to go according to the way we understand it given in the dedication of the new church. Now that is correct. You are doing right now. This is supposed to be deacons. I suppose right here at the job and by doing so we have often people has gotten mad at us they do it at me too they do that at any man a person that does that there is something wrong with that person they are not right with God. For the spirit of Christ is subject to Christ's teaching. Christ is house. Christ is order. Any man, any woman, any persons, your children that would get angry with a godly deacon that would tell them to be, any parent that will get angry with the deacon. Really, we want everybody in this church that we can get But if you would only cause trouble somewhere else, there is a thorn or a rabbit in the wood pile. As we used to say, that person isn't right. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us follow instructions. Praise the name of our Lord. like now why would I come and sit with the babies who are disturbing all the time in front why don't I go back in the back there praise the name of the lord they are interfering all the time this all the I remember there's a time I was sitting in front here and then there was a child I'm forgetting the child all the time going up going I told him, "Don't go out if you want to sit here." Yeah, we should be able to correct these children. You don't talk about it. Praise the name of our Lord. It's the house of God. Somebody's doing wrong. Tell them you're doing wrong. Praise the name of our Lord. And if we have the spirit of God, you should be obedient and even the parent not just defend your children. You are doing something wrong because that spirit can grow and can be a problem at your house. So that we show the children the way of the Lord. and be obedient to the direction. Praise the name of God. Then in paragraph 83, he says, "Others will not listen to anything we say, especially the children paragraph 84, he says, the children are supposed to know discipline. They should get it at home. Amen. Amen. As parents, we have that responsibility. Teaching our children discipline. Praise the name of Allah. Teaching our children discipline. Because at the end of the day, they reflect on you as a parent. How have you raised your children? Child has done this. They reflect on your character as a parent. When you come with them to church, tell them no moving up and down. No playing around. They have come to church and we're not here the whole day. You've come at 9. you're living at at at 1, 3 hours, 4 hours. When they in their classes, you mean they get out all the time going for short calls? No. But then as parents, we to discipline our children. And then some parents, their children cannot hear what they saying. When the parent is talking like this, the child is screaming. There's something wrong with the parent. How are you raising your children? What are you raising up which cannot be governed? If for you as a parent you are failing, how would they be governed at school if they finished school? How they be governed at the places of comes anytime he wants. chest is open. There will be no job for such a person. However, they may be discipline matters a lot. And it is the parents that put discipline in their children. Now, if the child is failing to obey the simple instructions, keep quiet. [Applause] Ah, something wrong. You can't tell your child to keep quiet and they just scream, scream, scream, scream and then you get those children who are beating their parents. Hey, it's a terrible situation. If the child can afford to beat the parent as small as they are, how about when they go to other people's hands and now when they go to a maid doesn't have that care you have but as parents he says we should discipline these children we should get discipline at home. So as a parent it is your [Music] responsibility not anybody's responsible. Praise the name of our lord. Let us see that we have the conduct of the children which is right. when we come into the present. Then he says, "But even if it is mine, my kids get in here at any time they get disorderly. I don't want you to draw one string. Sarah, Sarah, Rebecca, Joseph, Billy, whosoever it might be, you tell me, I will see to it. If they can't behave, then they will stay away from church till they learn to behave. This is not an arena. This is the house of God. This is not a place to play skating, writing notes, laugh and cut up. This is the house of God and is to be carried out godly. We come here to worship, not even to visit. This is not a picnic ground. This is not a vistation place. This is the vistation place of the Holy Spirit. Listen to what he says to say, not to one another. We don't come here to fellowship with one another. We come here to fellowship with Christ. This is the house of worship and children see that we do everything how the Lord would want us to do. Now in the message God hiding himself in his place. He said remember love is corrective always genuine love is corrective. So you must be able to stand And man know now that there is a place there for babies. You young children no different than to run around the building and you adults no different than to talk and carry all your conversation in the in the auditorium. See, don't do that. It is wrong. It is displeasing to God. Jesus said, it's written, "My house shall be a house of worship called the house of prayer by all nations." And they were buying and selling. And he plated ropes and read the people out of the auditorium. And we certainly don't want that to happen in this sanctuary here. So let us dedicate our lives, our church, our tasks, our service, and everything we have to the kingdom of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us see how we behave ourselves. Praise the name of our Lord. And when the service is over, praise the name of our Lord. Let us keep this place still sanctified. Not talking around, running to and fro things like that. Let us have respect for this place. I want to talk to somebody out and do that. Praise the name of our Lord. We are here at church. Why would I hold a meeting when the service is going on? The word is being preached but I'm conversing outside. What program do you have for this week? What have you come to do? Let us as long as the service is on. Let us all be attentive because it's the spirit of God speaking to us. Praise the name of the Lord. So you have also come to be helped. But how are you going to be helped when you're not there to be helped? So we need to see that we give respect. Praise the name of our Lord, we give respect that when the service is on attentive into the service of God and then we come to the church, why don't you come with your Bible? Why don't you come with your notebook? Why don't you come with your pain and write something down? Then you go back and meditate upon this. That's why the Bible says the people of Belair they did better when they had they went home and read the things. And the Bible says many of them were converted. In other words, they were delivered when they come to church. attentive listening, go back home, take time, read this, hear the steps, and then God worked mighty in their lives. And this is what we want in our lives, praise the name of that when I come to church, I come to feed from the spirit of God. Then you listen, take time to be attentive and hear these things. I talk to them in my family. Praise the name of Lord. And then you see how the Lord can work out in your life. You have been having this kind of weakness and you see that weakness, you overcome it. You've been having the other kind of weakness. The other weakness, you overcome it. Praise the name of our Lord so that we can allow the spirit of God to work in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. So our conduct in church matters a lot. It matters a lot. Let us have respect when we come to the service of the Lord. How I dress, let me have respect. Praise the name of Lord. And then there was a scenario, praise the name of some sister came to church, sister without a pet, a pet coat coming to church. I didn't see it myself, but I heard it. Are you here? I said, hey, can you imagine that sister coming to church without a pet? say, "Hey, very strange. There is a school there in they told the girls, please come with pett coats." Ah, we have bikers. We want pets secondary schoolary. And then the children told the teachers, "Our mothers, they don't wear coats. Then the teachers told them for us what we want here are pets. Now if a school can do such a thing, how about a Christian? But you can imagine there's another school. They went and said you are coming for visitation. And then they put the rules We don't want this kind of people to come to our school. They put they find these dresses, funny hair skirts, said you are not welcome to our school. So when you go to the gate, you come out, they check how are you dressed, then you enter. If a secular school can do such a thing without God but people just do the way they want to do things. Somebody just comes the way they want to come if the world is saying this is wrong. How will the world react to that? Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to learn how to conduct ourselves. Praise the name of our Lord. How to conduct ourselves in the presence of God. The Bible says, let us finish with 1 Timothy chapter 3 where we write. We shall continue with church order next Sunday. Be gracious. He says, "But if I tell 3:15, that thou mayest know how you ought to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and the ground of truth." Praise the name of you know every place there is there are levels of conduct even in the public service here in Uganda Uganda our government they put dress code and acceptable conduct this one is not a market we dress any how we We conduct ourselves anywhere we want. God demands respect. Praise the name of God demands respect from us. How we approach him matters a lot. Praise the name of our Lord. How you're dressed matters. Unless when you don't know. But if you have known, don't do it again. Praise the name of God. You do it again so that you do better to please the Lord so that you are acceptable before the Lord. May God bless you so much. Amen. Amen. As the song leader comes, let us sing that song. We walk in the light. And when we walk in the light, the light exposes our dark places. And we live the works of darkness. Praise the name of our Lord. We walk in the light. Beautiful light where the drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Oh, we walk. We walk in the light. Beautiful. Come where you drop of mercy of God. Your shine all around us by day and by now. Jesus the light of the world. Holy saints of life. Jesus the light to the world. [Applause] Life and mercy in this Jesus [Music] might we walk in the light. Beautiful light comes where are the te drops of mercy abide. Shine all around mighty and mighty night. Jesus my [Music] savior. Jesus the light of the world. Send the gospel. In our truth you are Jesus. Why you not seek him today? Why don't seek him? Jesus. Jesus the light of God. Oh, with truth from the narrow way. Jesus, light of the world. We walk in, we walk in the light. Beautiful light. I will let you drop the se shine on my name Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. We confess him as our [Music] king. Oh king. Jesus the light of the world. [Music] Heaven Jesus the [Music] world you [Music] see shine Oh, my name Jesus. Jesus my [Music] Give me that song which says send thy power that is in in a [Music] veil through the anointed. My Lord Lord to be able to understand through thy holy word, oh Lord, to be able to be able to live and do Right. Send thy power, oh Lord, for knowledge. Send thy bow, oh Lord, for is done. [Music] Say thy power, oh Lord, [Music] forever as I reap thy word. Sing thy power once again. See thy [Music] power, oh Lord, for [Music] knowledge. Send thy power, oh Lord, for wisdom. Send thy power, oh Lord, forever as I thy work day. As we prepare to speak to him, let us sing that song. Draw me near. I am thy Lord. I have heard the voice and it told my love to me. [Music] at I Lord to rise in the arms of faith and be closer. Oh, you don't [Music] need a blessing to the cross. [Music] [Music] Oh go to thy pious consecrated Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] start to speak to him. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for your grace. We thank you Lord Jesus for the teaching of thy word. Our desire Lord Jesus that we may delight Lord in the laws father in thy commandments Lord the state the statutes Lord God your laws father not grieve us Lord because they come by the way of love. Oh God Jesus, God who is rich in mercy, he has passed our way that we may not remain father in the very conduct Lord which is unpleasant Lord before the sanctuary before the almighty God we commit father Lord Jesus ourselves Lord God that where we've errored Lord where we've gone wrong Lord Jesus God the Bible says you reached mercy and father your hand is not shortened your ears are not deaf Lord therefore Lord And we know father that you hear us Lord. We pray father we come Lord Jesus at the throne of mercy Lord that Lord Jesus you may take over Lord our lives that your will may be lost father in us Lord that our our own will Lord Jesus may never be seen father no more Lord. I pray Lord Jesus Christ as Lord God we dedicate ourselves Lord Jesus to the Holy Spirit of God. May himself Lord speak Lord. May himself move in our hearts Lord. May he Lord Jesus do a work father of sanctification Lord. I pray Lord Jesus Christ. You are worthy Lord God. You are ready father Lord Jesus receive us and your own Lord. Father Lord Jesus work on our nature Lord. Work on our behaviors Lord. Work on our father Lord Jesus canalities Lord God. Oh Lord Jesus, I we as we prostrate Lord before your feet, Lord Jesus, like Daniel, Lord God, let us lie in silence like John, let us Father, Lord God, lie in wait, Father, to hear, Lord Jesus, and to see the answers, Father, which God has come with, Lord, Father, Lord Jesus, that's why we are going to see, Lord God, the lame walk. That's why we are going to see, Father, those who are bound released. That's why we are going to see, Father, the sick being healed. That's why we are going to see more revelations, Lord, more outpouring of the Holy Spirit, the anointing of God amidst us. Lord, we would need, Father, the power of God. We need the power, Father, in the church that Lord God, we may maintain, Father, Lord Jesus, your presence, Lord, by your power and by your spirit, Father. [Music] Go say me now to thy Myself is Lord. I am full of grace divine. Let my soul be [Music] lasting. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Blessed Lord, blessed Lord to thy precious. Give him a hand of praise. We've come to the end of the service. Before we get out, let us not forget the meeting of uh the prepar for the preparations of the ceremony and of a ceremony. Wednesday when sin was black as could be. Jesus came forth to be born of a heart. Dwelt down among men. My example is he living. He loved me. Dying. He saved me. Marin far away. rising just freely before one day [Music] come one day of his [Music] One day they build him to die on the tree suffering and rejected our Heat. Heat. in Jesus [Music] name. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It's far away. [Music] [Music] One [Music] day one day the sun goes the way from the Oh, he arose. We [Music] have now is [Music] a Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Rising far away. [Music] [Music] My [Music] glorious one with the sun is [Music] coming. One day the skies glories will [Music] shine. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
