################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - The Mystery Catches The Bride         Pastor Katumba James        13.07.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-13
Title:   The Mystery Catches The Bride |        Pastor Katumba James     |   13.07.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJXUtD5gS8I
========================================

that we may receive Lord the blessings Lord which pertains to this life Lord we have Lord Jesus to have families Lord we've got Lord Jesus to take care of our families we've got Father the responsibilities Lord at church Lord to support the ministries Lord God we pray Lord God may you pour your blessing upon us oh God that we may be Lord Jesus Christ able ministers Lord who can support one another Lord Jesus both in uh prayers Lord and in you know physical needs Lord I commit your children Lord they have raised up their hands Lord singing hosana Lord because they trust in you Lord they their confidence Lord Jesus is in you oh God as we draw nigh to the teaching of your word may you open their hearts Lord that they may see you Lord God that may father Lord God walk again back home when their hearts Lord they have received the baptism of the Holy Ghost in the mighty name of our Lord. We give you glory and honor. Oh hallelujah. We love you Jesus. We appreciate you oh God. We adore you father. We commit father those who are sick. We commit all those who have needs. Oh God. Oh my Jesus. Some don't have rain. Lord some Lord Jesus are looking for jobs and some Lord God they need to be married. Oh God, may you give them Lord Jesus according to what their heart desires are Lord in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Um I have a special two special songs says the sister says God bless you. I have a special song if you can quickly march forward. God bless you. I'm going to sing song. [Music] Find the pain in Jesus as heaven says is the bearing of the thous [Music] of the valley in him my lord I see all I need to make me for is home. Sorrow is my comfort in tral. [Music] [Music] is the of the bright and staring of my soul. [Music] All my grief has taken and all my sorrows all temps [Music] [Music] and all my from my heart and now he me [Music] for me and me so Jesus I shall the go hallelujah The body is the open to my soul. He will never leave me. No. and do his presence. [Music] All of about me have nothing to man [Music] up to glory. See his pres [Music] of the valley the bright and morning is the fairing of the thous to my soul. God bless. [Music] Is Sister Vicki present? Is she ready? &gt;&gt; You're welcome, sister. [Applause] God bless you. &gt;&gt; We are singing our God is tremendous. [Music] [Music] When I'm in the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he hopes me. He's faithful and true. Won't forget his own. [Music] My companion. He's my best friend. The only true God. There's no one greater. Our wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never faileth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he's almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot tend. Oh, our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gives us to victory. The greatest love story. When I was in need, I called on the Lord and he had me. Oh, he helped me. He was faithful and true. He didn't forget his own. Oh, he's my companion and my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Our wonderful savior Jesus the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His never failth. He go through the fire just to save a sinner. He's almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot tell. No. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gives us to victory. The greatest love story. And when you're in need, just call on the Lord. He will help you. He can heal you. He's faithful and true. He can forget his own. He's your companion, your best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. My God is tremendous. This one never fadeth. He go through the fire just to save a sinner. He's almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot tell. Oh, our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gives us to victory. the greatest of story. God bless you. Let us gather our offerings and tithes. As we sing that song, sewing in the morning. Sowing in the morning, sowing seeds of kindness. Sowing in the noon time and doing, waiting for the harvest and a time of reaping. We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the sheav. Bringing in the she bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the Hallelujah. Bringing in the sheep. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she. Soing in the sunshine. Soing in the shadows, fearing nay the clouds. No winter chilling breeze. By and by the harvest and alle we shall come rejoicing. Bringing him hallelujah. Bring in the sh. Oh, bringing in the sheavs. We shall come rejoice. Bringing in the sheav. Oh, bringing in the sheep. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sheep. Going forth with weep. Going for the master though sustain our spirit of grieves. When our weeping over he will bite us welcome we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she bringing in the sheep. Bringing in the sheep. We shall come rejoice. Bringing in the sheav. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the shaves. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. ringing in the sheets. I have here a prayer request. The sister says, "God bless you, church. I'm Sister Amina and I'm requesting to pray for for for me as I go to G My sister is in and is very Yes. and is very sick. So I request brother uh brother Salongo to come and pray for the offerings and and pray for the healing of our sister's sister. who is in very sick brother Salom. You're welcome. [Music] God bless you. Let us pray. Our heavenly father king of we thank you so much for this great morning that you have given us heavenly father to come before you worship you king of glory. We thank you for the gift of life. Thank you for the care. Oh Lord God, you have done good things in our lives. Father, you have provided all our need through the entire week and by your grace we are here king of glory. Father, it is by the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed and it is upon that very mercies father that we are here to praise and worship you. We want to thank you for the offerings, Father, and the tithes that we have brought before you this day into your household. Lord, it is out of the provision you have done to us, Father. Father, we have brought, oh God, cheerfully we have brought Father. Oh God, I pray that you receive it. King of glory. Father we stand praying and believing Father Lord you start a good work in us your future father may you bless the work of our hands for Lord bless all our areas of income heavenly father may prosper our heavenly father whatever thought that we have king of glory for the kingdom of god give us grace heavenly father to stand faithful day by serving and watching upon the coming of the Lord heavenly father and before us heavenly father there is a prayer request from us sister Amina king of glory she believes and knows that father that a prayer of righteous man it very so much father lord we are here as a believers your children who believes father that healing comes from you heavenly father loving Father we stand with high prayer lifting the sick person king of glory to your hands father Lord it is written in your word father that you sent your word and your word health them father lord we have believed and that's why we are speaking it father and we are sending forth the word of healing that sister in the name of Jesus Christ may the healing oh god be effective in her life. King of glory. May she experience the hand of God. Father, deliver her from that sick bed. King of glory. We even pray for the provisions. Father, whatever is necessary, Father, to help in that situation, King of glory, may your hand come down, King of Glor. Father, Lord God, I also commit the entire service into your hands. Father, thy servant whom you are going to use. Lord, I pray that you give him more grace. Heavenly Father, as you oh God, I pray that father you will bless him abundantly. Take him out of the way and heavenly father come and miss your children. Father, we are waiting upon the king of glory. Keep us in one ar king of glory. In the name of Jesus, I prayed. to serve you. &gt;&gt; Let us get on our feet. [Music] I'm bound for the promised land. And we sing that song which says song 200. Remember, I'm bound for the pro land. I'm bound. for who and go in and bound for the [Applause] Okay, let's wait for the key. Give us D if you can. [Music] I'm bound for the proise land. I'm bound for the proise land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I'm bound for the proise. I'm bound. I'm bound for the proise. Oh, I'm for the proise land. Oh, who will come and go with me? Come for the proise land. On Jordan stormy. on Jord and stormy banks I still and cast a wishful to unfair and happy where my position lie I'm bound I'm bound for the Pro land. I'm burn for the proise. Promised land. Oh, who will come and go with thee? I'm bound for the proise land. All go white in plants shines one time. The gold sun forever and scar as night away. Oh, I'm bound. I'm bound for the proise land. Promised land. I'm bound for the pro. Oh, we come and go with me. I'm burn for the proise. No chilling winds. No chilling wings. purpose brea [Music] the faithful show sickness and sorrow of pain and I feel no when shall I reach this when shall I reach that have been [Music] forever. When shall I see my father's face and in his bosome? Oh yes, I'm bound for the peace land. [Music] I'm bound for the peace land. promised land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I'm bound for the proies. Oh yes, I'm bound. I'm bound for the pro land. I'm bound for the pro land. Promised land. Oh, we come and go with B for the glory land. Let the deon prepare the minister. [Music] As we wait for the minister, let's sing that song. How many knows the song Jesus hold my hand? Do you know the song Jesus hold my hand? Then how about I saw the light? How many knows the song? How many knows the song? Oh my goodness. It is 361. As we prepare to see the the ministry, [Music] I just wanted the chorus. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord my soul. A moment um you are not showing the happiness. I don't know why. &gt;&gt; I don't want you I don't want you to make I like to to I I don't want to make you like jump up because you show me some happiness. Amen. Because you saw the light. You walk in the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. How many are happy? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, I saw I saw the light. I saw I saw the light. I saw in darkness in darkness. Morning. Now I am so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I'm s I saw the light. I saw I saw the light. I saw no more darkness. [Music] Now I'm so happy. No soul inside. Praise him. Praise the Lord. I saw I saw the light. You put your hands together. Put your hands together. Oh, I saw. Put your hands together. Praise the Lord. No more. No more in darkness. No more night. Now I am so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I s are you in that number? [Music] I'm in that number [Music] one. Come with that number. &gt;&gt; Come with that number. &gt;&gt; Come with that number. Roing. [Music] As we prepare the minister, as we usher in the minister, let's sing and say, "Close to thee." I just love that song. Close to thee. Thou my alasting portion more than friend. Oh love to me. All alone my pilgrim journey. Savior lead me. &gt;&gt; Close to thee. &gt;&gt; Close to thee. &gt;&gt; Close to thee. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Close to thee. &gt;&gt; Oh close to thee. All alone my pil [Music] not for ease not for ease for not for f my shall King [Applause] I join [Music] all [Music] with you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Close to thee. Close to thee, oh Lord. &gt;&gt; Close to thee. Lord today we joe [Music] lead me through all of shadows help me Oh, the beautiful singles [Music] may I tell the Lord we lord to thee. Hallelujah. Close to thee. Hallelujah. Close to thee, oh Lord. Close to the [Music] thy may I [Music] close to thee, oh glory. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh Lord, I love you. Close to thee, oh Lord. Close to thee. [Music] May I Lord with thee. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. Amen. I believe we all want to walk closer to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing another song just meditatively. Praise the name of our Lord. Psalm 154. &gt;&gt; Just as I am. That's how we've come this morning. Praise the name with such great expectation. Just [Music] thy [Music] blood was shed for me. I [Music] love me. Come to the [Music] Lord. Oh Lord, I come. I come. Just [Music] s I waiting to rain my soul. Oh, wonder [Music] to thee. [Music] Oh blood come with his to I come. I come. Zion [Music] will receive will come. All grace praying because thy pro I believe. [Music] Oh, I come. I come. Let us raise our hands now. Z [Music] love our Lord has broken [Music] pray by [Music] now to [Music] th [Music] I come. I come. Amen. Let us pray. Father surely we come before you Lord and now you be heavenly father that come unto be your heaven and I will give you rest. Lord we have come with a lot of loss and care and we have come to seek your rest and you said you'll give us rest in our souls. Our prayer heavenly father that each and every one of us who has come before your presence may find that rest and find that peace that surpasses all understanding. We dedicate ourselves into your hands praying that you may have preeminence upon this service. You may come and speak to our hearts father the words of eternal life. may help every one of us find to be ready for the rapture that will at hand. There is nothing so great before us and the change of our bodies and how we long for that Lord and help us that every day that we live we may look for the fulfillment of that in our lives. us as we here father heal such as are sick heavenly father deliver the captives heavenly father save the sinners heavenly father and fill your children with your holy spirit to remember heavenly father we lift him into your hands that lord you may heal him out of the sickness that has made the family stay home may your grace come down to heal him in the name of Jesus remember also rea heavenly father We lift her into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ completely delivered from that demon of Misos. Lord make her whole in the name of Jesus Christ. Remember our sister Harriet B heavenly father. We commit her into your hands in the name of Jesus. We also heal her from all the distresses and father sicknesses she has in her body. Lord that father you may make her whole in the name of Jesus Christ. We also remember our sister and sister Mary. Lord, we lift her also into your hands father that you may completely work in her life. Father completely deliver from that demon of cancer. Heavenly father that you may make her whole in the name of Jesus Christ. We also remember sister Janat father that Lord you may also make her holy alone in all our body weaknesses and failures that your grace may come down. We also remember Lord father our sister Sarah I heavenly father we pray that you may also touch back and make her whole in the name of Jesus Christ that you may make in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ we also remember others father different things that are distracting them disturbing them heavenly father and holding them down we pray your deliverance may reach unto them in the name of Jesus We also remember our pastor father as he minala [Music] may use him for your glory. Anoint him and use him lord good health and strength for your service. And all together may you bless us. Give us this day father. Make yourself known unto us father as we depend upon you lord and as we look on you lord. to our mother and neighbor heavenly father to meet everyone our needs how we love you and how we thank you and we bless your holy name in the name of the Lord Jesus and ask this amen you may be seated I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ praise the name of our Lord it's a new day many of our brothers brothers and sisters are not around today because of different issues. We just keep on praying for them. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother Gage's family is not here because Yadel is sick. So we just keep them in the prayers that the Lord may help them. Our pastor is in little frog in Ros. So just keep him in your prayers. And then we have visitors who are coming here for the first time. There is a brother called Isaac. If you can stand up. [Applause] Actually, he had our radio program and then he has come here because of the direction on the radio. Thank you for coming today. Then there is a brother called Emma. Are you around? if you can raise up your hand. You got to my contact and was committed with yesterday that you'll be coming today. And then we have other visitors coming here for the first time. If you can just raise up your hand, you're welcome. We have a all around. Amen. Amen. So today we have only one service. But then on Saturday that will be 19th of July we going to have a praying and fasting meeting here. So it's better to come and be part of that service. Then on Sunday that's next Sunday that is 20th of July shall have two services the afternoon services for the youth. Praise the name of her. Now before before the word call on the can and sing for us. Praise the name of our lord. There's a song which I had in my heart in the course of the week and then you know I failed to find the release but you see the young generation doesn't know that song. as you come forward. So I was asking hope and then she said it's only maybe brother simple can give us the relics you know I'll talk about the jubilee. &gt;&gt; So I think we shall pick up those old songs which were around in the '9s and then bring them back which were composed by the youth in the church here. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] No, no, no, no, no. It's not an easy road. No, no, it's not an easy road. And Jesus walks beside and brightens the journey and lightens every heavy load. It's not an easy road. We are traveling to heaven for many other songs on the way not an easy road but the savior is with us. His praisees gives us everything. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Is not an easy road. And Jesus walks beside me and brightest the journey. It's not an easy road. He's not an easy road. Oh, there are trials and trials and many the ders we Jesus guards and keeps us. Jesus God and King [Music] has no No, no, no. It's not an easy road. And Jesus walks beside me and brightest Hey, Lord. [Music] Yes sir. Where are they when all the glory will raise in? &gt;&gt; Let's sing all together. So no, no, no, no, no. Let us all sing. &gt;&gt; He's not no He's not an easy road. And Jesus walks beside me and brightens the journey and lightens every hair. So no no no no is not and is a road. No, no, no, no. He's not an easy road. But Jesus walks beside me and brightens the journey and lightens every heavy load. Amen. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let us clap for them again. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's not an easy road. Praise the name of our Lord. The Lord gives us the grace. Praise the name of our Lord. We're just depending upon the grace of God this morning. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand up and go to Revelations chapter 10. We are reading from verse 7 to verse 11. Today I want to minister on the mystery catches the bride. Praise the name of our Lord. The mystery catches the bride. Just as we are looking for the bride of Christ, we need to use the mystery to pick them out because it's the same mystery that also got us out. So, Revelations chapter 10. Before we read, let us pray again. Father, we thank you this morning for the opportunity that we can still share on the word of God. Now that we are not reading stories, we're not reading theology, but we are reading the mind of God himself. that we are thankful father that you've made the Bible to become a living book in our ministry in our lives father by the revelation of the message of the earth may come again speak to our hearts that each and every one of us may find his portion in your word today that also by the portion you've given unto us we may be able to share with others and bring the elect out of where they are that all together we be a body of our Lord Jesus Christ ready for the rapture. Lord, help us in everything. Father, bless us all together. Let's remember many of our brothers and sisters who are part of the fellowship but they are online. We lift them into your hearts also. Lord, you may speak their hearts in such a special way. bless us together in the name of the Lord Jesus who grant us. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, Revelations chapter 10, we're reading from verse 7 to verse 11. Remember two weeks ago we were also reading this same scripture when we were sharing on you must prophesy again. Revelations 10:7. &gt;&gt; But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he has declared to his servants the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spoke unto me again, said, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which stands upon the sea and upon the earth. And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up, and shall make thy belly bitter, but shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it. And it was in my mouth, sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings. May God sing of his word. You may be. So we want to minister on the mystery catches the bride. Praise the name of our Lord. The mystery catches the bride. You know many denominations they read this same Bible that we read. Praise the name of our Lord. You know they can even have lessons on the Bible. You know like people are doing maybe level or a level senior one up to four and then they go and maybe study the book of Luke and then they said you know Luke Luke was not there when Jesus was there even said that what I heard others say that's also what I wrote. So now they discredit it there and then and then they go and pick some kind of variances in the scriptures. Then they say here he says they were this. Then here he says they were this. And then they bring all those negative things and then they discredit the Bible. They don't take the Bible as the word of God. They don't take the Bible as the absolute you know then they would say but there has to be an explanation. No, but you know this book, this book is an old book. When you read in the book of Genesis talking about the life of people, Adam, then talks about faith, then it comes to Noah, then again Abraham, then Jacob, then they start asking. There were no other people they would talk about. Only those people. No, this book is not fair. You mean of all the the nations in the earth, it's only Israel which would be talked about. This man Jacob is a suppler who cheated his brother is the man they saying is Israel said no they don't understand the way of God. So it's a mystery to them. Praise the name of our Lord. And you see how the Bible was written. The Bible was written in symbols. Like for example in Genesis, you know, Genesis chapter 2. Then he says there were two trees in the middle of the garden. And so they look for those two trees physically. But those are symbols. And then the Bible is also written in shadows. You know, in other words, it is a kind of life story of somebody, but then it is hiding a truth behind it. Then it's written in things like types. But you know it it is just a shadow. It is something but hiding a truth behind. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, like when he talks about trees, you know, you need to get into other areas. You know, what does this symbol mean? Praise the name of our Lord. Like when Adam and Eve were naked after eating of the tree, God dressed them by putting a skin around them. But you see it doesn't say he killed an animal. It is silent about that. But then how could he get a skin without killing an animal? And then now that was the first sacrifice he made that he had to shed the blood to cover their sin and then cover their nakedness. So the Bible there is actually silent. It takes the elect to know what exactly happened. So to the intellectuals, you know, they can't get that kind. So now they read the Bible, they can even quote you the scriptures. Like I remember when we in scripture union, you know, and then there was always that kind of party for the students. At the end of the year, this this team is handing over the next team and then there was a session for the quiz and then they would start asking what is the shortest scripture in the Bible and then you must cram it. Ah Jesus wept. It is John this and this that is correct. Which is the longest chapter in the Bible? Psalms 119. That is correct. Then you know many different question but knowing that cannot give you life eternal. It has to be a revelation from the Lord himself that gives you eternal life. Praise the name of our Lord. And now that's where the bride is caught in. That's where the bride is brought in. The mystery catches the bride. So in Revelations 10:7, &gt;&gt; the Bible says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, &gt;&gt; when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God, should be finished." So now the Bible is telling us at the sounding of the seventh angel and the seventh angel is the messenger of the Lordian church name in Revelations chapter 3 and then verse 14 unto the angel of Lord write this praise the name of our Lord. So is the seventh angel. So he says the seventh angel will have to finish the mystery all what has been hidden through the ages. Now Daniel during his time he saw some of these mysteries and then Daniel &gt;&gt; desire to know and then he said oh my lord Daniel chapter 12 praise the name of our Lord. Daniel 12 and then verse 4. The Bible says, "But though, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book even to the time of the end, and many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. Praise the name of our Lord. So the book you know was a scroll. Praise the name of our Lord. You know the books those days were not like these ones here we have. There were rolls rolled like this and then it was sealed seven seals. And then now the angel is telling Daniel, seal up the book up to when? Up to the time of the end. So now at the end the book has to be the seals have to be opened. The truth has to be known what is inside in the book. So now in Daniel chapter 12 and then verse 8 and verse 9, he said, "And I heard but I understood not." Then I said, "Oh my Lord, what shall be the end of these things?" And he said, "Go thy way, Daniel, for the words are closed up and seal till the time of the end that settled Daniel. Praise the name of our Lord." And so you see that Daniel, he was told that they are sealed until the time of the end. Now in Revelations chapter 5, we see the Bible says in verse one, "And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says the book was written within and on the outside and then sealed with seven seals you know like there's a roll seal here another seal seven times and then brother Brandon when he was preaching about the seven seals that the book talks about the white horse, red horse, black horse, pale horse, that's all somebody can talk about. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know when the the when John was seeing he was seeing motions you know things taking place. I saw a right white horse rider come then he did this and this then I heard one living creature say come and see now symbols only. So now today the people who are not the elect they stop at the white horse, black horse, red horse and then they start thinking ah that white horse that is Christ conquering everywhere red horse you know it's the blood that washes us how Christ shed his blood up down this black I think there is a time the devil came here but again per horse they get confused it is not for them but then he says these mysteries they are meant to be opened at the end of the time praise the name of it is these mysteries that catch the bride Praise the name of our Lord. That's what makes us different from the rest of the denomination. We are reading an open book for them. They are reading a closed book. You know when he said go and baptize in the name of the father, the son and the holy ghost. Me I'm doing what Jesus said. Close the book. For you are following Peter. Me I'm follow Jesus. Then you ask them who did he tell you or Peter? But Peter didn't do what Jesus told him. They are reading from a closed book. But because of the message of the hour, we know what the name of the father, the son, and the holy ghost is the lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our lord. when they read a closed book they see three the father here the holy ghost here. So even when they are blessing they want to use the three signs this and then this then because it's a closed book to them. So when they look at God they say trinity closed bookh you know there is father here then there is a son here then there is the holy ghost here and then you ask them matthew 1 verse 18 say Mary was born with the child of the holy ghost. Now if you said the father is here and the son is here and the holy ghost is here of this father and this holy ghost who was the father of this son. When the bible says Mary was born with a child of the holy ghost Matthew chapter 1 verse 18 and verse 20. Can a person have two fathers? Said no no no. Then they get shocked and they and when you open these scriptures to them say but is that but you give me my Bible is my they are seeing them for the first time closed book when you tell them that there's no trinity in the Bible they can fight you They reading a closed book. Praise the name of our Lord. So it takes the revelation of Christ to know when Jesus said the Lord our God is one Lord, not two Lord, not three Lord. And then you ask them, who is that Lord? Of course the father. Then you ask them if we go to John chapter 20. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go and pick that scripture. &gt;&gt; John chapter 20 and then let us get John chapter 20 and then verse 30. And the other sign, okay, I just beg your pardon. Verse 28. &gt;&gt; And Thomas answered and said unto him, &gt;&gt; "My Lord and my God, you ask them." Who was Thomas saying that? He was telling Jesus. He was telling Jesus that you are my Lord and my God. You ask them, "Was Jesus the second Lord or the third Lord?" And ask them, "Was Jesus the second God or the third God?" Because Jesus himself said in Mark 12, "Praise the name of our Lord." Mark 12 and then verse 29. Jesus said, &gt;&gt; Jesus answered him and said, &gt;&gt; "The first of all the commandments is here. O Israel, &gt;&gt; the Lord our God is one Lord. The Lord our God is one Lord." Then you ask him of this father, Son, and the Holy Ghost. Who is your Lord? He can't answer you. But Jesus Christ is the Lord God Almighty. One Lord, one God is our Lord Jesus Christ and they don't want to hear that that is Jesus only Jesus only. They don't understand. They are reading from a closed book. They used to many gods like the Syrians. They were telling the the the the arm of Syria was telling their king that you know their god is the god of the mountain. That's why they build the mount the temple on the mountain and we had the battle on the mountain that God knows mountains. Then he said let us get the same army back and now let us go and fight them in the valley. You know that is actually how pagans think. One will have a small go of the rain. If it doesn't rain, he goes to the of the rain. Or when it's shining so much, it goes to the That's why you find they have many shrines. There is this shine for this. This one for this, this one is for this. And that's what is somebody today praising the father. Thank you for bringing me on earth. The first day the father reme the second day praise in the name of the son. The third remedy holy spirit don't leave me don't leave me holy spirit after 3 days he knows that now he has worshiped us speak in the name of the name of the son the name of the holy spirit others are engaged &gt;&gt; they they w them &gt;&gt; they them in the name of There is no scripture that pray in the name of the father, the son, and the closed book today. Praise the name of our lord. So we need to take the revelation of the word and tell them my brother worship is false. Trinity is not even in the bible. It's only one God and that one God manifested as the father in the Old Testament, God above us. Then he manifested as the son in the four gospels, God with us. That's Emmanuel, God as the son. And then he manifested himself as the Holy Spirit from the day from the book of Acts on the day of Pentecost. God now in us one Lord just changing his manifestation. Praise the name of our Lord as the father, God above us, God who cannot be seen. But that God who cannot be seen, he put on a body and we called him the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. He walked amongst us. God in the tabernacle of a human being. God Jesus Christ being woripped by angels. You know the Bible says don't worship anybody because that's the first commandment. Exodus chapter 20. You shall not have any other god beside me and you not make any person to worship either in heaven or the earth. But they don't understand when Jesus comes he's worshiped. They don't understand it. Even angels worship Jesus. And he said, "If you don't know that I am he, &gt;&gt; you'll die in your sin." &gt;&gt; It's the same spirit which was in the Pharisees, which were rejecting Jesus Christ to be the Messiah, which were rejecting Jesus Christ, be the Lord God Almighty, is the same spirit now that has brought the trinity. And the trinity binds them together. It puts a mark on them to worship the beast. Praise the name of our Lord. So we have the mysteries revealed. The message of the hour reveals the mysteries and be confident my brother, my sister at your place of work. Testify about what God has done. Tell them the revelation. Tell them baptism of little children is not Christ. Tell them just pouring water in the forehead is not baptism. Tell them baptizing in the name of the father, the son and holy ghost is not is not what the commandment was saying because told them baptize in the name. So what do you do? mention the name and the name of the father, the son and the holy ghost is the lord Jesus Christ. That's how every person in the bible the book of acts everybody was baptized in the name of the lord not father son and the holy ghost. Praise the name of our lord. You know there are many mysteries. Now let us go in the message says is this the time praise the name of our lord he says in paragraph 241 the seventh angel of revelations 10:7 is the seventh church age messenger and in the But in the voice of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. Now sounding forth this messenger, the seventh angel. here is sounding forth his message to the Lordian church. Notice his type of message. Now it wasn't to the first angel. It was not given to the second angel, third, fourth, fifth, sixth. But it is the seventh angel that has this type of message. What was it? Notice his message. Finishing all the mysteries that are written in the book like we have read in Daniel chapter 12 verse 8 and verse 9 because seal up the mysteries. Seal up the book. It will not be revealed until the end of the time. And then at the end of the time, God sent the seventh angel. And the seventh angel by the proof of God is William Marion Branham. William and God sent him with a message. And the message that God sent him is prepared. The bride of Jesus Christ for the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. The message that was given is prepare the bride of Jesus Christ for the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. So now it is the mystery here that catches the bride. Without the mystery, you'll not get the bride. Praise the name of our Lord. But it's the mystery that makes the difference because we have got the revelation of the mysteries where the other people are doing whatever they want to do. The bride of Jesus Christ has the mind of God. Praise the name of our Lord and that should make us obedient to the message that we have got. Praise the name of our Lord. Be obedient to the message. Then he says, "The finishing of all the mysteries of God that are written in the book, the seventh angel is winding up all the mysteries that's lying loose ended all through these organizations and denominations. The seventh angel gathers them up and finishes the entire mystery. That's what the Bible said. Finishes the mystery of the book. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in paragraph 243. Then he says, now let us note some of a few mysteries. He says paragraph 245. Number one, the mystery of the kingdom of heaven. That's John talking about in Matthew chapter 13. &gt;&gt; The second mystery is the mystery of Israel's blindness during this age. Revelations 11:2 rather Romans 11:25. The third mystery is the translation of the living saints at the end of this age. 1 Corinthians chapter 15 and also 1 Thessalonians chapter 4 verse 14 to verse 17. The fourth mystery, the mystery of the New Testament church as one body composed of both Jews and Gentiles. Then he gives Ephesians chapter 3 verse 1 to verse 11, Romans chapter 16 verse 25 and Ephesians chapter 6 verse 19. Colossians 4:3. The fifth mystery is of the church as the bride of Christ. Ephesians 5:28:32. The sixth mystery is of the living Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Colossians 2:20 and Hebrews chapter 13:8, the seventh mystery is God, even Christ as the incarnate fullness of the godhead bodily and godliness restored to man. The ninth mystery, the mystery of iniquity found in second Thessalonians. The 10th mystery is of the seven stars of Revelations 120. The 11th mystery is the mystery Babylon, the prostitute. Like there was somebody who was preaching on radio sometime I think last year before last year and then she was saying is so big and the definition of Babylon it was offsite contradicting &gt;&gt; back to the message of the hour that's why you'll the revelation of these mysteries. And then he says, "And some of these mystery seed that has been hidden mystery through the years. Talk about the serpent seat. They will think you are blaming when you tell them the serpent was a living up upright walking creature as a person and it could talk. It could reason until the serpent. The devil entered the serpent and made sure the serpent deceives Eve. And the serpent slept with Eve. They don't want to hear that. They don't want No, no, no, no, no, no. Closed book. Then you ask them if they ate an apple, how many have you eaten yourself? And then you have not sinned. And the Bible says what goes into the mouth does not defile. So you must know that there's another eating. Praise the name of our Lord. The way the Bible says that she eats and then she wipes the mouth that have not eaten. I was talking about a prostitute that a prostitute eats and says I've not eaten. They don't eat mangoes. Praise the name of the Lord. So they just read from a closed book. How do you eat and the curse is not on the mouth but goes in other places? Why? You know it's a closed book. So they just read how you read your scriptures. blind eyes. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; Then he says &gt;&gt; the mystery, &gt;&gt; you know, grace straightened out, not disgrace, &gt;&gt; real true grace. Now you know all these kind of things People had various understandings which were contrary to the scripture and then somebody will say ah God has given us grace grace is enough now he goes to disco because there is grace &gt;&gt; and I'm told that there is some some congregation in campala they don't care how you behave how you dress. So the youth are there too many of them fornicating grace drinking that's not the grace of God. If the grace of God touches your heart, the same grace tells you go and sin no more. And that same grace gives you the ability not to go and sin. Because by giving you the spirit of Christ, the spirit of Christ changes your nature that you hate the things you are doing. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the grace of God is that it delivers you. You live that sin and you hate it. That's the grace of God. Not saying that there is grace. Even if I walk the way you want, you have not seen the grace. If you see the grace of God, you'll say Lord have mercy. Lord forgive me. Lord deliver me. And you don't want to go back. See the grace of God. David, he went and committed adultery. after adultery, he made sure that the husband of that woman died for one whole year. He just kept on living until the child was born. And then God by his grace sent prophet, nothing comes, tells David a parable. Praise the name of our Lord. when he tells David a parable. This is very interesting. Now let us go to 1 Samuel 12. 2 Samuel chapter 12. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. 2 Samuel 12. &gt;&gt; The Bible says verse one. And the Lord sent Nathan unto David. And okay, let us speak from uh from verse 1st Samuel 2 Samuel 11 verse 26. And when the wife of heard that her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband. And when the morning was passed, David sent and fetched her to his house, and she became his wife, and bear him a son. But the thing that David had done displeased the Lord. David in that situation one year and the Bible says it displeased God bearing with him and sometimes God bears with us like that. you do something sometime as if God doesn't know that you've done it just bearing with you. Praise the name of the Lord. And then after that time, God sent Nathan to David and Nathan as a prophet. Praise the name of our Lord. He came with a closed book and then he gave David a closed book. And now when David received the closed book, the parable, there was a rich man, he had many sheep. But when he got a visitor come from a far country, he said, "I have to spare my sheep." Then he went and picked the one of a poor man. The only ship he has and dressed it for his vista. Last can be a visa really. But don't entertain that vis. And sometimes that vister can come at your place of work. Don't give him wrong. Sometimes that vista can come in your neighborhood. Sometimes the vista can come among the relatives of your wife. So David for him he got the poor man's ship &gt;&gt; and dressed it to his vister and then because it was a parable. It was a sealed book. Now you see why it is important to have the book to read the book when it is open. When you read the book when it is closed, you can't realize your sin. You can't realize you know how bad you are before God. May I pray in the name of the father and the holy God hears. Maybe I'm reading what he said. Even David was following what Nathan was telling him about the parable of the rich man and the poor man. And when David heard that, praise the name of our Lord, let us continue in that story again. 2 Samuel 12 and then verse four. And there came a traveler and the rich man and his spare to take his own flock and of his own heart to dress for the wayfairing man that was come unto him. but took the poor man's lamp and dressed it for the man that was come to him. Praise the name of our Lord. David was reading from a closed book parable. You know like when Jesus went and told them that the ser went to s fell on the west side, some fell on the stony ground, some fell on the fatal ground, some fell in the thorns and you know there were many people who had come to listen the Lord Jesus. And after speaking to them, you know what he told them? &gt;&gt; Till we meet, till we meet, we meet parables and the Bible says without parables he never talk to them. Let us pick up that scripture that without parables he never spoke to them in Mark 13:34. The Bible says, "All these things, spoke Jesus unto the multitude in parables, and without a parable spoke he not unto them, the multitude, the religious leaders, he speaks them in parables, the multit in universities and colleges and schools doing divinity parables doing parables they learning parables but without the interpretation so they end up confused when I read that book it's more confused parables without parables. He never talked to them. So now they come. God gave me a revelation here. You remember the other thing the Bible says. Now, like for example, when there was this marriage bill, &gt;&gt; the marriage bill, marriage, marriage and divorce bill, there are some churches that came and said, you know, you know the Bible even polygamy is scripture. David had many, Solomon had many. Why would women be there without a husband? It's scripture. It's of God to be polygamat close the book. And so they end up on the parables and then get their interpretation on the parables or on the shadows and run with them. So even David when he had the parable the Bible says David was furious. Let us go back to first 2 Samuel 12:2 verse 5. And David's anger was greatly kindled against the man. And he said unto Nathan, "As the Lord liveth, the man that has done this thing shall surely die. Selfrighteousness." Why? You're reading the parable. You're reading a closed book. I'm going to heaven. But you beat the sign. I thought you the Holy Spirit again. Not there. There is only one. Praise the name of the Lord. Isaiah saw only one seat on the John saw only one seat on the th. But you know when they read the parable they they can't come to the knowledge of the truth. And when you don't come to the knowledge of the truth, you can't know the truth. And if you don't know the truth, you are under bondage. You cannot be set free without the revelation of the mystery. So David was under the bondage of of adultery and murder. when he had a parable said that man need to be killed self righteousness and that's what is outside of the message people are selfrighteous outside of the message people are reading parables outside of the message people are listening to mysteries but then you need to hear the message of the hour and the word of God comes to the prophet. Praise the name of our Lord. That's where the revelation is given. Praise the name of our Lord. And God has been so gracious that he has opened to us the mysteries. And God was gracious that after telling David the parable, the prophet broke the seals. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. We are living in a time that the seals have been broken. So we are not reading a closed book. We are reading an open book. We know the mind of God. David with a parable. He didn't know the understanding of it. But the prophet came and broke the seals. And the prophet said in verse seven, Nathan said to David, "You are the man." &gt;&gt; He broke the seal. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And when Nathan broke the seal, David realized his mistake. If Nathan didn't break the seal, David wouldn't have known anything. He would feel comfortable. Ah, God loves me. You know even the prophet coming to visit me, God loves me so much. The prophet visited me. But this prophet was not for eating food. Those words I had to tell the prophet the king. Now when we come to church, let us not come for saying, "Oh, you're going to overcome and you're going to be rich. You're going to heaven." Yes. Praise the name of the Lord. But a hurry. [Music] We tell you what you want to hear. God knows the situation you're going through. &gt;&gt; But I'm telling you, praise the name of Lord. You need to come for fellowship. Praise the name of our Lord. You need to come. Don't come to you know don't come because you want to hear a hiring motivational speaker. The Bible says they will help to themselves teachers of itching ears. But when they have not talked about your issues, when they have not talked about your sins, &gt;&gt; God loves me so much. &gt;&gt; Nathan was not a hiring. &gt;&gt; He was a true prophet of God and he came and told the king, you were the man. You know some people like now when David had the the parable others like now in some churches maybe would have spoken in tongue just speaking in tong but this time he said you are the man. You are the man. David humbled himself when he was told, "You are the man." When the seals were broken, when the revelation of the mystery came forth, praise the name of our Lord, David said, I was baptized in the trinity. I have to be baptized again. Praise the name of our Lord. When the mystery broke, praise the name of our Lord. And if David was a a a woman preacher and the mystery is broken, but you're not meant to be there. Me as a woman, I'm not supposed to be &gt;&gt; because he has been known to you. Praise the name of our Lord. So that's why we need the revelation of the mysteries. But if you don't get the revelation of the mysteries, you remain in your iniquity, you remain there and you think everything is okay. But David humbled himself when he had the revelation of the David repented. Praise the name of our Lord. That's why we need the mystery to be open to us and the mystery has been open. Praise the name of our Lord. If he didn't catch the revelation, he would remain in his sin. But the prophet broke the seals. And David realized I'm the man. I need to change my ways. I'm the woman. I need to stop putting on men's garments. I'm the woman. I need to stop cutting off my hair. I'm the woman. I need to dress like I need to stop dressing like I'm the woman. I need to not dress like a prostitute. When the mysteries are revealed, it changes your walk. It changes your mind. I'm the man. I need to stop doing these funny things. I'm the man. I need to be stop behaving like this. Praise the name of our Lord. The mystery when it is revealed. Praise the name of our Lord. It will bring you joy and happiness and you'll be able to worship God in the spirit and in the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's what God has done in our generation. He has sent us the message. The mysteries have been revealed. So once the mysteries are revealed, we need to take it as very serious as part of us. Praise the name of our Lord. So when the grace of God was revealed to David, David repented in Psalms 51. Say, "Lord, have mercy. Lord, deliver me from this sin. Deliver me from blood guiltness. deliver me from this. That is grace. Not this grace. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he talks about the other mystery. &gt;&gt; You know, eternal burning hell. You'll burn for millions of years. The message says this time paragraph 259 says but anything that was eternal had had never a beginning or an end and hell was created. So there is no eternal hell. Hell has a period of time and will be no more. all these mysteries. Then two 260, the mystery of the water baptism, the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation, but the person of Christ performing in you the same works that he did. Praise the name of our Lord. He says all the mysteries and then the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation. So when you're looking for the B of the Holy Ghost, don't look for sensation. Oh brother, if you don't feel that sensation, you don't have the Holy Spirit. But I'm saying this is one of the mystery. Now are you in the message or out of the message? He said it's a mystery. And there are examples in the Bibles to this effect. Was filled with the Holy Ghost without sensation. Jesus Christ was filled with the Holy Ghost without sensation. [Music] Now you can't take them out of the scripture. Now that does not mean you can't be filled with the Holy Ghost with sensation. But you can't put a standard that everybody filled with the Holy Ghost has to have sensation not right. Praise the name of our Lord because these are things that the Lord does himself. And brother Brandham says you can't organize Pentecost. ah the way this one got it I'm also going to get it like this brother the brother jumped up up then you start telling you you also have to jump up that's the same thing like this for telling others speak speak until you get confused and start speaking what you don't know I say now you're speaking in tongue Now you have the Holy Ghost. It's the same thing. Now there's a message here I want to bring up also. Praise the name of our Lord. And then brother Brandham says in the message the feast of the trumpets in paragraph 274 in revelations 11 called their ministry will be the ministry of Moses and Elias calling to Israel out of the Jewish traditions. Praise the name of our Lord. He says in Revelations 11, &gt;&gt; I think you type their minist will be the ministry of Moses and Elias calling to Israel out of the Jewish traditions. Yeah, that's the place. Praise the name of the Lord. Paragraph 271 274. It says in Revelations 11, their ministry will be the ministry of Moses and Elias calling to Israel out of the Jewish traditions. Now that does not pertain to us. This is what pertains to us. Then he says, "Just as the seventh angel's message called the bride out of the Pentecostal tradition. We go higher than that. We go higher than emotions. We go higher than sensations. So we don't take back the traditions, the Pentecostal traditions. Oh, you have to speak in tong. Oh, you have to feel emotional to get the Holy Ghost. No, you are called out of that. Praise the name of our Lord. Remember Moses and Elijah is to call out to Israel out of the old atonement of the lamb. Because even now those people have a red hera. They saying we're waiting for the messiah but they don't know that thing is expired. So now they think they have to keep that red hers there, put security there all the time. But when Moses and Elijah come, they will point them to Christ the true son. They're not going to come and slaughter an animal. Our Lord Jesus Christ, when he came, he never offered an animal sacrifice. John the Baptist when he came he never offered an animal sacrifice. No, &gt;&gt; they weren't showing them that this is the way walking this way people. Oh, but we need sacrifices. We need sacrifices. They know we are out of that area now. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, And the seventh angel's message under the same trumpet same everything exactly the same seal is to call the people the bride out of the Pentecostals and world tradition to to the genuine atonement. Amen. The word Christ impersonated in his word here made flesh amongst us. Science has proved it by pictures. The church knows it. The world around. We firmly know it. For he's never told us one thing and thus says the Lord. But what has been the truth? Did he not set down there on the river as John the Bapt was sent to with so you will be with the message. Praise the name of our Lord. Now you see these things. So there is a calling out you know we are called to a higher level of praise the name of our Lord. Now As God has given us the message, why would you want to be a foolish virgin? Why? Why would you want to be a foolish virgin? Why do you want to have your lamp without the oil? When everything is right here before us, the oil is here fully. Why would you go home without the oil? Why do you go to place of work without your vessel, without your light burning? Why do you live at your home in darkness when there is light? Praise the name of our Lord. Why? Why would you want to leave a foolish virgin? Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Foolish virgin. When I come to church, long dress. When I go to place of work, tight. I was supposeding you put on that dress and rapture takes place that day. Just just imagine that. And then we have artificial nails. red and green. When I when I come to church, I pluck them out. They in my small bag. Now, when I'm going to meet the social class immediately or I go to the toilet, you know, like when you're moving in a tax and some ladies you observe them before they when they know that okay, they are soon coming out, they get their hand back, they get the mirror from their hand back, try to make the hair And they have no shame. Then they get the lipstick. These days they don't need a mirror. &gt;&gt; But these smartphones can become a mirror. So he puts on a selfie. Then he sees herself. Now when she's coming out, the skirt is pulled up this way. Up this way. when they sit there up this way. So when she's getting up, she tries to pull it down but doesn't reach there. God supposeding that day the rapture takes place. Imagine how are you going to go to heaven with rebellion? Praise the name of the Lord. Tomorrow is a deal day and because you know it's a deal and the things are not good deal you don't want even to hear anything of God yesterday I was in church I go there you don't want to read the scripture it is going to convict you of what you're going to Supposing the rapture takes place at that time, where will you be? That's a foolish virgin took things lightly. Lightly. Now in the message the seventh seal, brother Brandham says in paragraph 386 386, "Now we are into the age of the ego, the revelation to be revealed, the whole thing." Now compare this with Revelations the 10th chapter. verse one to verse 7. And we will see here in Revelations, the Revelations 10 verse one to verse 7 that in the days of the sounding of the seventh angel's message was to finish up all the mysteries of God. Now we find out also in that the sixth seal now being opened it was for a threefold purpose. You follow what I'm saying? Then he says &gt;&gt; now here was the purposes. The first thing was that sleeping virgins, the sleeping virgin had to go through the tribulation period for what? Purification, rebellion is what took them through the tribulation. They never took the message seriously. Just take the portion they want. What they don't want they say that even he knows that I'm a youth. So God said, "Okay, as you've refused pure purification, as you've refused complete atonement, I'll give you three and a half years to go through the tribulation ping, tough time." So he says she had to be purged for her sins of unbelief and rejecting the message. This she was done in the tribulation period. So then you need to see that you take the message serious. Take it serious at your home. Take it serious. Live the life of Christ at your place of work. Take it serious. Live the life of Christ. Praise the name of the Lord. See that you are found worthy. See that you are found ready. Not saying you want to be too righteous. No. Take the message serious. You know, the foolish virgin never took the message serious. So God said, "Okay, I will appoint you a time of purification." And you're not in the bride. That should not be our cause. We shouldn't be focusing at that. Praise the name of the Lord. There is oil now. Receive the oil. Obey the word. That's how you receive the oil. Brother Brandham says total obedience to the word entitles you to the token. Receive the token. Why would you want to be obedient to the word and wait for a a tribulation period where they will be hunting you like a thief in the village. They used to go to church there. Receive the oil now and it's abundant. Praise the name of the Lord. Receive it. Fill your cup. Fill your vessel and let the oil keep on running over. Praise the name of the Lord. Let it run over until the Bible says you become a well and the well also gives out. When your wife abuses you, you're not going to abuse back because your well is full. Remember the message of last Sunday as pastor said a dead man even if you abused doesn't &gt;&gt; because he's dead let us die the things of the world praise the name of our Lord let us die our right our privilege &gt;&gt; the Bible says mortify the flesh Let it die completely. Praise the name of Lord. And maybe at home, you know, there are some families. The wife knows the husband is quiet. So she can say, "Even if I slap him, what will he do to me? You just die. just die if I don't give him food to eat. He's the one who has bought food but you don't give him &gt;&gt; and then you are using those tricks to negotiate over something and you use if you don't give me this I will also not give you this. &gt;&gt; That's not how homes are run. deny this. &gt;&gt; If you refuse to give him this one, even me, I will not give you the other one. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Let the streams keep on flowing. Praise the name of the Lord. Let it keep on flowing. When somebody abuses you, you don't abuse back. When somebody fights you, you don't fight back. That shows there is a stream flowing. Praise the name of our Lord. Like our Lord Jesus Christ. When they abused him. When they beat him, praise the name of God. He said when they slap here, you turn again here. There's a flowing stream for them. That's how the Lord expects us to live. Praise the name of our Lord. A real life of Christ. Let us not be like the foolish virgin. Never cared. &gt;&gt; And brother Brham says she had to be purged of her sins of unbelief and rejecting the message. This she was done in the tribulation period. Then he says, then he says, you see the wind up over in Revelation 7 between sixth and seventh chapter here that she had been purged and she had been given the robes. Now, she's not the bride, but it is the church, the pure people that didn't have the opportunity maybe to receive the message or in some way that were blinded by this false prophet. They didn't get a chance. They yet they really sincere in their heart and God knows their heart and here they are purged during this time. Now God has been gracious to us that we have received the message. Let us not be like the other people who are deceived by the false prophets who reject the message because they hear false prophet and so they miss the rapture. They miss being part of the bride. Praise the name of the Lord. But here we have received the message. And it is the message, the revelation of the mysteries that catches the bride. But the didn't have opportunity to hear the message. Praise the name of our lord. So then for them when they come to realization that they telling them to worship a beast or the image of the beast, they say no no I'm not. You go through the tribulation. But then for us we've had opportunity that we receive the message. Let us receive the whole message. Let us obey the whole message. Praise the name of our Lord. Even where you find you are failing. Say Lord help me. Give me grace to overcome distress. Give me grace to overcome this temptation. Give me grace to overcome this trial. You can say Lord I need you like Samson. God once more. Praise the name of our Lord. Yeah, we shouldn't be the foolish virgin. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, and notice that another pinging time that is for Israel when she gathers. That's the second fold. God pes Israel in tribulation period. Out of the millions that will gather there, there will be selected 144,000 that will be purged also. Now he says the sixth seal has three-fold purpose. The first thing because it's under the the last three and a half years after the rapture. The first purpose is to purge the foolish virgin. The second purpose is to purge the 144,000 of the Jews. The third purpose is to purge the earth where the sun will stop shining. It will stop raining a lot of untold suffering on earth. You don't need to wait to see those things to obey the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in another message questions and answers he says now and then at that time see the gentile bride you type this. Okay. Yeah it's okay. You've got it. The gentle bride is in heaven and the sleeping virgin. The gentile virgin [Music] is not to be saved during that time. She's already been saved but has been rejected in the bride. Why? Then he says, "And she only go through the tribulation period for the time of purification because she has rejected Christ the word for her purification. Then she has to suffer for her deeds. not taking the whole word of God with your life. No one is seeing what you need to entertain yourself. And then brotherham says she suffers for her deeds, but the bride who has become the word. A complete atonement was made of Christ because he is the word. That body was rendered. And when the body was rendered, the bride was in that body because it is all the work. Amen. Amen. When Christ suffered, why do you want to go through the tribulation period? Why don't you be part of the bride and then you want to be under the foolish? We have complete atonement now, the word of God. Take it in its fullness. It makes you to be the bride of Jesus Christ. I will just take what I want. You're putting yourself out. That should not be our decision. Praise the name of the Lord. Receive complete atonement. And the complete atonement is in the message of the hour. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in another message still questions and answers he says now just a minute will the foolish virgin be saved he says whatever happens happens now after the time she's in the state now she will have to go through the tribulation period And the reason of it is is because she rejected the atonement in its fullness. And what's the atonement? It fullness the message of the hour. Take it full in your life. So you are receiving atonement in its fullness. You're not partial. Let me take this. Leave this. But the whole message is so dear to you. So then you are taking the whole atonement in its fullness. At your place of work, you are fully atoned. At your home, you are fully atoned. You are in the midst of strangers. You are fully atoned. Not have atoned &gt;&gt; but you behave like them. Oh, &gt;&gt; praise the name of our Lord. Full atonement in its fullness. He says she is a believer, a professed believer, but she will have to go through the tribulation period. because she never took the whole thing. The Bible say all the rest of them the dragon sparted water out of his mouth to go and make war. What an hour that is. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us not be the foolish virgin. Let us get the full atonement. What the message tells you, do take it with all your heart. It is for your good. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. It is for our good. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, let me see how we can conclude. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to the first se. Notice I love this. other reformers, but by being great men of God, seeing the need of the day and brought forth reformation. But Revelations 10 said his message was to reveal not to reform. Reveal the secrets. Reveal the secrets. It is the word in the man. Hebrews 4:8 said, "The word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword, piercing, even to the sand of born and a revealer of the secrets of the earth. This man is not a reformer. He is a revealer, a revealer of what? The mysteries of God. Where the church has got it all tied up and everything is to come forth. where the church has got it all tied up and everything is to come forth with the word, the word of God and reveal the thing out because he is to restore the faith of the children back to the fathers. The original Bible faith is to be restored by the seventh angel. Praise the name of our Lord. So we receive the message and the message restores us back to the faith of the apostles. It takes us back to the original. The message of the hour and the message of the hour reveals the mysteries. And it is these mysteries that catches the bride. Praise the name of the Lord. So you shouldn't be afraid to testify what the Lord has done. Talk to your friends. Talk to your colleagues. Talk to your neighbors. Talk to your family. Talk with that confidence. God has given us a message. We have a message preparing us for the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. But adventure as you talk the mystery you are talking will catch the bride and then say no. This is what I've been looking for. This is the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. This is the truth. &gt;&gt; And when you've got the truth, you'll not sit back. You'll be like the other man who found a treasure in a land. He went back and sold all that he had to go and purchase that possession. You'll not sit home. You live in saying you don't have transport. We are here. They didn't have transport. &gt;&gt; Did you catch the mystery? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of Lord. Did you catch the mystery? Really? And it is not saying I shouldn't miss church. You be I fa to get. &gt;&gt; Did you catch the mystery? Oh, you live here. The situation was not so good. I didn't excuse of not failing to come to church. Praise the name of our Lord. Did you catch the mystery? Because it is so precious. I don't want to miss any single thing. I want to be in church early now. Praise the name of our Lord. And then somebody who comes from comes earlier than you at church. But for you comes close. I reach when the preacher is preaching and then you start looking around when you reach your heart is not settled. By the time you settle the things to make you enter in, they have already gone. Then you start the same spirits that troubled you when you are coming. They are still sitting on you. By the time of the end of the service, you've got other spirits in the other one. I don't even enjoy that church anymore. &gt;&gt; Did you catch the mystery? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. You know, you need to find out because it's a personal relationship is that when we come to church, we come into fellowship like pastor was preaching last Sunday. When the other the man was healed of leprosy, he came back for fellowship. Praise the name of the Lord. You You long for fellowship. I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house. There's something I'm going to learn of. Praise the name of our Lord. like David. What an opportunity he had when the prophet came to help him out of his leprosy. Much as he didn't know that he had leprosy over adultery, lepros of murder. When the prophet came, God told him, "This is your problem. If you will do well like when he was praying and praying maybe that's all the best he knew how to do it and then God sent an angel and then the angel told him if you're going to do well go and send for Peter see how that fellowship when God sends a minister in our midst how we need to desire Lord what will you speak to me today It may help you overcome your stression. Praise the name of our Lord. And then when Peter came, Cornelius went to a higher level. Praise the name of our Lord. That should always be our desire. Lord, I'm coming into your service. Lord, speak to my heart. Lord, this is my weakness. Lord, this is my failure. Lord, I need to be helped in this area. Lord, I'm confused in this kind of man. Like Isaiah, praise the name of our Lord. When he came into the interface with God and then he saw the glory of the saraphim and then it came to his mind. Oh, I'm a man of unclean lips. Lord, I'm done. And then said, Lord, I need to be delivered. The same thing with us. When we come into the presence of God, the blood of Jesus Christ is here to make us whole of any uncleanness. Praise the name of our Lord. So you reach out and get the blood. Lord wash me here. Lord cleans me here. The full atonement is here. Maybe there is a weakness here. Maybe there is a failure here. Lord, this is my opportunity. Praise the name of our Lord. So you receive it &gt;&gt; and be like Joshua the high priest. He was dressed on with filthy garment and then he stood before the angel of the Lord. But also Satan was resisting him. That could be your same condition. Regardless of how much Satan has resisted you, fighting you, offending you, pulling you back, just stand before the presence of God. Praise the name of our Lord and allow God himself to take your condition out. Praise the name of our Lord. And don't have excuses where you fail to come to church. see that you come to church. There is no a flowing fountain and be participating in the services of the Lord. When you come in time, you are part of the song. You are singing with joy in your heart. You are part of the Sunday school. You are hearing the instructions of God. You are part of every activity. But you have not said ah may I will come in the middle or I'll come towards the end. The whole menu is for us. Praise the name of our lord. Take the whole course. Praise the name of our lord. And you know when you are eating there are some things which are sweet. There are some things which are bitter. There are some things which don't have taste. Then there are some things again they can even you know make your eyes start you know shedding tears like onions. You know when you keep them closed to your eyes you can start shedding tears but yet you need the onions. You need them sometimes you need to make you sweat. You need it. If you don't it may not be healthy for you. So take the whole menu. Don't only take don't only remove this sweet part. No eat them. And sometimes the bitter things are the ones which revive your life. Ah, you eat it, it just revives you. Those grains purifies the body. They p it. But when you eat meat, it can make you become fat, block the blood vessels. Eat some of those bitter things to cleanse the blood vessels that the life of Christ can flow through you. Praise the name of our Lord. So you come and eat the whole cause. They are very good. Praise the name of our Lord. So we have a message God has given unto us. Let us take the whole of it. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the Ludician church age, page 327, he says, "Now the messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelations 10:7 is going to do two things. One thing according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in revelation 10 which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be this divinely revealed mystery truth that will turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. And when you go and take this truth to the denominational world, they are so bitter for them to accept. But to us, it is life. Praise the name of our Lord. It is life eternal. So see that you hold the message with all your heart. Receive atonement in its fullness. Let Christ be made known to you fully. Praise the name of our Lord. Have the life of Christ living in you. And walk in the light. Praise the name of our Lord. We are living in a day where the rapture has to take place. But how will it find you? Will it find you with halfdressed garment? Be washed in the blood of Jesus. Be made whole. Be made clean. Like Revelations 19, the bride has made herself ready. Are you ready? We have the garment here avail. So the mystery catches the bride. Use that mystery what God has revealed to you and testify. Praise the name of our Lord. Testify to others. Some of these people they said they are saved but they have never been baptized. Tell them about the importance of some say they are saved but they behave like the rest of them. Tell them the importance. Show them the scriptures. Tell them about this message. Then you will catch the bride of Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Are we going to do that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a song which says, "What a day that will be." Praise the name of our Lord. We can stand up and sing that song together. Song 204. Amen. As the song leader comes We have only one service today. But on Saturday, we have praying and fasting. Then on Sunday, we have a youth meeting in the afternoon. Amen. Amen. There is coming a day when no heartaches shall come. No more clouds in the sky. No more tears to dim the heart. All is peace forever more. on that happy golden day. What a day, glorious day that will be. [Music] What a day that to me when my Jesus I shall see and I look upon his face. One who saved me my grace when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day glorious day that to be. There will be no sorrows. There will be no sorrow there. No more bendance to be. No more sickness, no pain, no more bing over there. and forever will be with the one who died for me. What a day, glorious day that will be. What a day. [Music] one [Music] to be [Music] and I look upon his face. The one who saved me by his grace. And he takes me by and leads me through the promised land. What a day. Glorious day that you be. What a day. to be that will be when my Jesus I shall see. And I look upon his face. The one who saved me by his grace. And he takes me by the leads me through the pro. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a day. Glorious day to be. What a day. What a day. to be my Jesus. And I look upon his face. The one who save me by his grace when he takes me by love and leads me through the promised land. What a day. Glorious day thy will be. Preious Lord, take my hand. Lead me on. Let me stand. I am done. I am weak. I am W. Through the storms, through the night, lead me on to the land. Take my hand. Precious Lord, lead me on. When my way grows d when my way ro is d preious lingering when my life is all gone. [Music] Oh yes. Hear my cry. Hear my call. Hold my hand. Lest I fall. Take my hand. Precious Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh precious Lord. Precious Lord. Take my hand, lead me all I am. Through the storms and through the night. Lead me to the right. Take my hand. Precious Lord, lead me. When the shadows appear. When the shadows appear and the night drawing and the day is gone and the I stand guide my &gt;&gt; and hold my hand. Take my hand. Precious Lord, lead me up. Gracious Lord. Precious Lord, take my lead me up. Make me. I am. I am. I am more than enough. through me. &gt;&gt; Oh, take my hand. Precious Lord, lead me home [Music] to the river. I am going bringing sins that can no pain. [Music] Take my hand. &gt;&gt; Lead me closer. [Music] Lord, thy name to meet you &gt;&gt; to the river once again to the river. [Music] And I am going [Music] bringing s I can know better. [Music] &gt;&gt; Come and cleanse me. Come forive me. Lord, I am to be &gt;&gt; precious Jesus. &gt;&gt; Precious Jesus, &gt;&gt; I am ready. &gt;&gt; I am ready to surrender every day. Take my hand. Bring me closer closer. Lord, I need to meet you. Yes. Precious Jesus. Precious Jesus. as you prepare to talk. Oh [Music] my heart. [Music] Lead me closer. [Music] I need to meet you there. Start to talk the Lord. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. must [Music] see. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you, Lord Jesus. We thank you for your grace, Lord, which you've given us, oh God. Oh God, as your children are listening, Father, after they have heard of your word, Lord Jesus Christ, they open up their hearts, Lord, that Lord God, they may go back, Father, Lord Jesus, filled with the Holy Spirit. And that's Holy Spirit, Lord, it's when they will do what the word says in their day. Lord God, we may not we don't want Lord Jesus no longer to consider the the sensations, Lord. But father Lord our focus Lord as the Bible says the mirror of the word we look at the word that is where our focus is to see that each and every life of father we live on this earth it is the word of God it is what is written in the word Lord Jesus as the Lord Jesus said I do what my father shows me Lord Jesus give us strength and ability Lord that we may do what the word tells us to do father if Lord Jesus we are to live as Christians Lord, if we are to be the Lord Jesus, the end time bride, Lord God, the word is in us, Lord, and the spirit of God is in us, Lord, and we have that faith, Lord, that everything is well with us. Oh, we give you glory and honor. We appreciate you for the word, Lord. We bless the minister, Father, who has preached, Lord, and give him strength, Lord, refresh, Lord Jesus, his mind, his strength, Lord. as he goes back, Lord, may you give him a safe traveling mercies, Lord God. And I pray for the church, Lord, as they go back home, Lord, may you, Lord Jesus, lead them, Lord. In the name of our Lord God, we pray. Hallelujah. We thank you, Jesus. [Music] We give you glory, Lord. Blessed be your holy name. [Music] You may be seated. I have a reminder here. Brother Balaza says of pastor of of he's a pastor in Angelu Fellowship and he's one of us here. He reminds us of his son Benjamin's introduction held on Friday 25th at his home in Inu. Therefore, all thereafter a wedding that follows that is Saturday 26th. He says please link up uh with brother Ben for transport and also your contribution. God bless you. This is from the introduction is in then wedding is going to be held in Kala. Yes, this reminder is coming from our chief deacon brother David. He says you participate in your contribution. You you participate in your contribution. &gt;&gt; Okay. As you link up with brother Ben. We've come to the end of the service. We have one service. Before we go, let's sing that song, Original Life. Orgno life is the ignosed or ignore life [Music] is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is unveiled. Dor no life is dribbute to a manifested to his bride in last day. We have got a revelation by the last prophet message and we know who we are and what we are raised up for. Praise the Lord is to know us. We are the word made flesh. We are the one today. This is what the scriptures say. And our names are seen within, redeemed and perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our go. No, no life. No original. &gt;&gt; No one. &gt;&gt; Original sin. &gt;&gt; No, no one. &gt;&gt; No original. &gt;&gt; Nor is what? &gt;&gt; The son of man. &gt;&gt; The son of man &gt;&gt; is revealed. The seven seal is unveiled. Don't ignore us. Our eyes of understanding. [Music] Our eyes of understanding as if open at last and sweet victory is ours. Watching down in the past. through jubile sounded and we are responding to our goal [Music] is the ignor &gt;&gt; is what I believe &gt;&gt; is what I believe &gt;&gt; the son of man the son of God. &gt;&gt; He's revealed the seven sins and the original. [Music] &gt;&gt; We are called unto adoption. We are called unto adoption. Full of authority and power. Sleeping saints we wake up. Jo translation in this house. Gentiles day will soon be over. Glory. Hallelujah. You are to ignore. Let's go out. Don't know. Don't know. Life is no sin. original is what I son of man. The son of man is revealed. The seven se is unveiled. &gt;&gt; Our eyes of understanding. Our eyes of understanding. He has opened up at last man and sweet victories ours down in the past through jubile sounding and we are pressing to our story [Music] no life story no Life is the ignorance [Music] is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven seal is unwell. Don't ignore nor [Music] life. No, no. Nor [Music] is what I believe. The son of man is dreaming. still is unwell. The original life is the original [Music] [Music]
