################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-07 - Midnight Cry       Pastor Katumba James         06.07.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-07
Title:    Midnight Cry    |   Pastor Katumba James   |      06.07.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InNS7mPuzBo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Doing mama. [Music] Soing [Music] the go. [Music] I could [Music] do [Music] to another. [Music] Yes. Do another living [Music] the meing [Music] papa. I shingle [Music] baba to bing ming. [Music] We need to do the gold mele. [Music] Do anything [Music] do anything [Music] by doing anything without [Music] you. Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you. [Music] Thank you for the special song brother. If you have waters of life that is F# F. You have it. If [Music] the waterers of life give me strength to go it my eyes turn the darkness to dawn. Now there is sunshine deep in my heart. Something inside is singing. The waterers of life give me strength to go. It open my eyes and darkness to dawn. Oh, now there is a sunshine deep in my heart. Something inside me singing. Most of my life has been filled with despair. Everything seemed to play bad around me. fill in my heart to the deep of my soul when I drunk at the well of his mercy. The water of life. Give me strength to go on. It open my eyes down the darkest to the Oh, [Music] now there is sunshine deep in my heart. Something inside me seeing [Music] you who were thirst come and drink of the well. You will never never thirst again. Like the woman passed away. Jesus spoke to the day when she drunk at knowing of his mercy. [Music] The one oh life give me strength to walk it open my eyes the darkness to yes now there is sunshine deep in my heart something inside me see get on your feet. Oh, the water of life. Give me strength to go on it. Open my eyes. Turn down the darkness to dawn. Put your hands together. Now there is essential deep in my hand. Something is in here. Give that all time. Give that all time. Give that all time to. Oh, give that all time. You put your hands together. [Music] is good enough. Yes, it will make it stop your life. It will save you when you die. It will start the devil fly. It's good enough for It's so good. It's so good. I want no other. Oh, it makes me love my brother. You shake your brother's hand. It's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give that all time religion. Give that all time religion. It's good enough for me. It was good in the fairy. It was good in the very finest. It was good enough. It's good enough for me. It was good for Paul and Cyrus. Paul and Silus. It was good for Paul and Silus. It's good. It was good for our fathers. It was good. It was good for our father. It's good. [Music] Then give me [Music] Oh, give me just give me joy is good enough. Yes. Give me all time. Give me. [Music] Oh yes. Give me all time. It's good. Is that good? Oh, is the old time Holy Spirit. And the devil won't go near. That's the reason for him is good enough for me in that time region. All time in that time region is good. It was good for brother. It was good for brother. It was good for brother. [Music] for brother. It was good for brother. Oh, it was good for brother. It's good enough. Makes me love everybody. Everybody makes me laugh. Everybody is Yes. It will do when I am dying. It will do when I am. It will do when I am dying. It's all and it will take us all. It will take us all to him. It will take us all to heaven. His will shine on me on shine on me. Let the light of the light shine on me. Oh, shine my Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the lightest shine. Shine and shine. Shine. Shine on me. Shine on me. Oh, let the light from the light. Just shine on me. Shine on my Lord. [Music] Shine on me. Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light shine on me. Shine on me. Oh, shine on me. Let the light from the light house shine on me. Amen. I wish I could sing more and more. Praise the name of our Lord. I don't know if we know that song. It's the midnight cry. Praise the name of our Lord. I want to speak about the midnight cry. We are in the midnight time. So, we had the shout. Praise the name of our Lord. We've heard the midnight cry. And then the Bible says, "Go out to meet him. the chorus. I don't know if I don't know how there's another song. Maybe it's the midnight cry. I don't know if we can get that. Trying to get it here. I really want to sing that song. Okay, let us sing that song. John saw that number. Are you in that number? Amen. Let us rejoice in the presence of God. I really enjoyed the morning service. It was soul cleansing. Praise the name of God. I just wanted to hear more and more, more and more. And I pray God helps me to die daily. Praise the name of our Lord. Say that if somebody abuses me and I'm dead, I will not abuse back. I just want to die daily. that if somebody does anything bad to me, hates me, and I'm dead, I'm not hate back. Praise the name of I'm in that number. I'm in that number. I'm in that number. [Applause] [Music] I'm in God's number. I'm in God's number. I'm in God's number. [Music] [Applause] Your soul at number [Music] so that come The blood was number [Music] one. Those number [Music] [Applause] [Music] one get the number. Get the number. It is the number one. It is number [Music] one. Are we in the number? I come down. I come. Oh, [Music] I [Music] number [Music] one. Amen. Let's give a little praise. Amen. Let us pray. Father, how we are thankful unto you, Lord. It is our confession, heavenly father, that we are in that number that John saw, the redeemed of the law, that we are thankful, heavenly father, that from the beginning of the creation, all creatures have been looking forward at this time. whereby father you are coming to take your bride. We are grateful heavenly father that lord we've heard the midnight cry and here we are in our preparations father uniting with the bridegroom that soon father we shall be with him and be like him. May you bless us again, Father, that you may speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus. You may help us every day that we live, that we may be able to die daily and may be able to be ready for the rapture. We love you, Lord, and we thank you, Father. Speak us again, Lord. Meet all the needs of all your children upon this service in the name of the Lord Jesus, we pray. Amen. Amen. Let us go to Matthew chapter 25 reading from verse 1 to verse 10. And we just want to take an hour and share on the midnight cry. He says, "Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto 10 virgins which took their lamps and went forth to meet the bridegroom. [Music] And five of them were wise, and five were foolish. They that were foolish took their lamps and took no oil with them. But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps. While the bridegroom turret, they all slumbered and slept. And at midnight there was a cry made, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh. going out to meet him. Then all those virgins arose and trimmed their lamps. And the fish said unto the wise, "Give us of your oil, for our lamps are gone out. But the wise answered, saying, "Not so, lest there be not enough for us and you. But go you rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves, And while they were went to buy, the bridegroom came, and they that were ready went in with the to the marriage, and the door was shut. the go of his word. You may be seated. So we are talking about the midnight cry. Praise the name of our Lord. Now the Bible says that the bridegroom turned and then the virgins. They all slumbered and slept. And then the midnight cry comes in the middle of the night. And you know what happens in the night is that people are deep asleep and it is dark in the night. And so many people don't know what is happening. And so you find that even the many battles which are always done, they always do them in the night. Like now you've seen you've been seeing what has been happening to Iran. You know they just bombarded them with meals at night. You know, so at night is normally where some things which are unique happen. It's always at night. And now you would start asking yourself if really the Lord wants to take us why does he come at night? Why doesn't it come daytime when all people are seeing it? You know that's a form of social gospel. Everybody get saved. Like we can say ginger for Christ. All ginger is going to be saved. But the Bible says only few be saved. Praise the name of our Lord. Only few be saved. In the book of Luke 13 and then verse 2 verse 24, the Bible says, "And he went through the cities and villages teaching and journeying towards Jerusalem." Then said one unto him, Lord, there are few that be saved. And he said unto them, strive to enter in at the straight gate. For many, I say unto you, will seek to enter in and shall not be able. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says when he was going through the cities and you know the ministry of our Lord Jesus Christ it was full of all the power of God that anything would happen at any time. He would stop the nature. He would heal the blind, the lame, you know, the dead would rise anything. But then even in the midst of that vindicated ministry, there were only few that accepted him. There were only few that would be saved. And then the Lord Jesus tells this person, strive to enter in at the straight gate. And that's also the same concern for us. Let us strive to enter in at the straight gate. There were 10 virgins. But there were only five who were wise. All the virgins Brother tells us they were clean because virginity means being clean, being pure. So they were not smokers, they were not drinking. But then five were wise. And then the Bible says they took their lamp with them with vessels that had oil. While the foolish virgins took their lamps, but they never took vessels with them. And then you see here, the Bible tells us here, let us go to Psalms 119. Praise the name of our Lord. Psalms 119. And then we read in verse verse 105. It says, "Thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path." So the lamp stood for the word. They all had the word. But then the foolish ones never took oil in their vessels and we are the vessels of God. Praise the name of our Lord. So then the word that they had, praise the name of our Lord, had not become a living reality in them. Praise the name of our Lord. They lapped the power in the word while the wise ones had oil, the power, the Holy Spirit to make this word alive because the lamp cannot light on its own. The lamp was always connected to a vessel and then the vessel would supply the oil. Praise the name of our Lord. And you see these things are very interesting. Like when you go to the book of Zachariah, praise the name of the Lord. He talks about the two olive trees and then the two olive trees. No supplying. Praise the name of Lord. And then you see here brother Brahma tells about the old and the new testament. So you need to hear the word, receive the Holy Spirit and you need the Holy Spirit to put that word to be alive. Praise the name of our Lord. So it all calls us for full obedience. Praise the name of our Lord. When you read, I think is in the message questions and answers. Brother Brandham says that the foolish virgin will go through the tribulation period because they never received atonement in its fullness. So it's the time now that when we hear the midnight cry, we are receiving full atonement. So you need to get that whole atonement. It's fullness, not have atonement, not only stopping at being a good church member. Praise the name of our Lord. But you need to see that you take the whole council of God. And so when you take the whole council of God, then you'll find yourself that you are having what the Lord desires us to have. Praise the name of our Lord. So now the Bible says, "Strive to enter in at the gate. Don't stop at being a church member. Don't stop at maybe I dress well. Don't stop at all those good things, but go into having a personal relationship with God like Simeon. The Bible says Simeon was devoted and the Holy Ghost was upon him. And then the same Holy Ghost revealed to Simeon. I believe when Simeon was bus studying the Bible and then you would see the promises in the scripture how the Lord would send a Messiah waiting on the Lord. Lord we are waiting for this promise and then the Holy Ghost comes down on him and reveals to him that you are not going to die. until you see the Lord is Christ. Praise the name of God. And we also living in the same time of sin is that God has sent us the message. And the message of the hour is the midnight cry. The message of the hour is the shout for the coming of the Lord. So now when we hear the midnight cry, when we hear the shout, we need to see that all preparations are ready. Praise the name of our Lord. What we is required of us. Let me do what the Lord has told me today. Like like Elijah, he repair the altar. Repair the altar of your life. You pray the alt of your heart. See that there's nothing wrong in you. There's nothing that brings the Holy Ghost in you. And you know he put everything in order. Then he said, "Lord, I have done as you commanded me." And then you see the spirit of God coming, God himself coming to direct us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the rapture brother Brandham says now I want you to notice a great thing taking place here don't miss he says the word says in Thessalonians that verse 13 verse 16 there is three things that happen before the Lord appears quickly now. So we can close the thing that happens a shout, a voice, a trump, praise the name of our Lord. Now that's in 1 Thessonians chapter verse chapter verse 16. He says, "For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout and with the voice of the archangel and the trump of God. Praise the name of our Lord." So this happens. The Lord himself shall descend with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. And then he says, a shout, a voice, a trumpet to happen before Jesus appears. Jesus does all of them when he is descending. Now you see what brother Brham is telling us because all these things are done by Christ himself when he is coming when he's descending and he does this before he appears or before we can see him physically. A shout What is the shout? It's a message going forth. The living bread of life bringing forth the bride. Now God has a way of doing things and he never changes his policy. He never changes. He's the unchanging God. Amos 3:7, he would do nothing on earth until revealed it to his servants, the prophet. Praise the name of our Lord. So we know God has sent us a prophet. We have the message of the hour and the message of the hour is the shout. Praise the name of our Lord. They shall to prepare us to prepare us for the rapture. Then in paragraph 141, the first thing comes when he starts descending from heaven, there is a shout. What is it? It's a message to get the people together. A message comes forth now. Lamp trimming time. Rise and trim your lamps. Watch. What was that? The seventh. Not the sixth. The seventh. Behold a bridegroom cometh. Rise and trim your lamps. And they did. Some of them found they didn't even have enough oil in their lamp. But it is lamp trimming time. It is Malachi 4 time Luke 17 all those prophecy that it can perfectly set in order for this day. We see it living right there. Praise the name of our Lord. So the midnight cry is the message of the hour. The midnight cry is the same shout here in 1 Thessalonians 4:16. And I can say the midnight cry is going forth now. The shout is going forth now. When you hear the message, you are hearing the shout. You are hearing the midnight cry. Arise and trim your lungs. Praise the name of our Lord. Be filled with the oil. Make sure that you are living the life of Jesus Christ. Make sure that you are ready for the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. You need to live a life whereby you are ready for the translation, ready for the change of our bodies. Praise the name of our Lord because it it comes in the darkest of the night when people are slumbering in the things of the world. When people are too busy, you know this project after this project is this project after this course and this course after this work this work. After farming I need to process. After processing I need to export. After exporting I need to do research. After doing research, you get new trends, endless projects. It comes in the darkest of the night. You are so much occupied with your affairs. One course after another course, one course after another, one course after another course, one program after another program, one program after another program in the project. When it finishes, I'm going to a project in Moroto and then from Moro I'll go to you have a lineup of 10 years or 20 years or 30 years and every day you have is Sunday. So Sunday you want to rest coming to church again. No, you're tired, but you're not tired during the weekdays, but you are tired on the Lord's day. Slumber, they were asleep. Praise the name of the Lord. So you sleep by being too busy this project, this program, the other one, the other one. And then the Bible says that day comes when you are not aware. Then you start wondering what is happening nowadays. Maybe you pass around. Maybe let me go for church. You realize ah the church has been closed. But but I found some men there. Brother Brandham says, "Our churches shall become stores. They are going to take them over by the religious organization and then they start using them for their program." And now maybe that's the time for you feel a little bit spiritual. and praying and fasting. Then you start making calls today. You didn't pray slumber and it is late. Then you start wondering you mean these things are happening now. Then you come to realization all these projects I've been doing. Now they start asking you where is where is our mark? Where is your mark? Because these things are going to come to pass when you don't have the mark of the beast or the the mark of the image of the beast in the forehead or in your hand. You don't belong to any of them. No buying, no selling. So even your projects are going to be affected. But we have the midnight cry. We are in the time like the longsuffering of Noah. God told Noah, "Build the ark." And Noah was not building the ark in secret. But they were seeing the man carrying trees, cutting them. What are you doing? I'm building the ark. Why are you building the ark on a dry land? Why not near the sea here? It's going to rain. It's going to rain. And brother Brandham says it was not raining those days. They had better science and that science would look through the sky and then they would do prediction. There was no rain in the sky. It was during those days of Noah when they had that kind of dying of clothes and that that color would not would not fade for thousands of years. It's during that time that they build this big big great pyramid structures until they don't know how those things were built. And then he was saying it's going to rain said look at this old man for 120 years he preached the gospel it's going to rain. We also have the shout message of the earth. It's just the longsuffering of God. But now that we have heard let us be ready. Praise the name of our Lord. Be ready. Keep your lamps trimmed. Be filled with the oil. Praise the name of our Lord. Allow the life of Christ to flow freely through you. Let the spirit of God dwell in your life. So that that day does not take you unaware. Praise the name of our Lord. Then in paragraph 164 the message rapture. It says therefore the message calls the bride together. See the shout the same one. He with a loud voice he screamed out with a that shout and a voice and woke Lazarus with a loud voice cried Lazarus come forth and the voice wakes up the sleeping bride the sleeping dead. Praise the name of our Lord. So the shout is the message. Then the voice of the archangel is the voice of the resurrection that raises the dead in Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. And now when the dead in Christ are raised up, praise the name of our Lord. And you know any time the trumpet is going to sound. Praise the name of our Lord. You know the scriptures. Praise the name of our Lord. You know there are some people they come and tell you the seven thunders are not revealed and then they want somebody else to come and reveal them. But the me the message of Malachi 4 Revelations 10:7, his purpose is to reveal all the mysteries of God. Now in the message the seventh seal, he says the seven thunders are not yet revealed. But now when he continues in his message, he says the seven thunders they are connected to the coming of the Lord Jesus. And now when you go to the message, Christ is the mystery of God revealed, he brings some of that truth, how he is, how he's coming. When you got the message rapture, he tells us how he comes and when he comes. Praise the name of our Lord. So you must trim your lamps. You must be filled with the oil. And now when you trim your lamps and you are filled with your oil, you will see the dead in Christ living amongst us. Praise the name of our Lord. We shall see our brothers who have gone ahead of us, walking amongst us when they are young. Then you know any time within 40 days we shall be changed. Praise the name of our Lord. So it will not take us an awareness. But if you are sleeping and slumbering busy in other things, the things of God don't matter a lot to you, you'll be taken unaware. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, "And a trumpet with the sound of a trumpet, and what does it do? a trumpet called Israel to the feast of the trumpets which was a Pentecostal feast, the great feast in the sky and the feast of the trumpet. So a trumpet do announce a calling together. Come to the feast. And now that is the Lord's supper in the sky. Praise the name of our Lord. And tonight we're also going to have the Lord's supper. A communion with Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the in the book here, let us go to the book of Luke chapter 21 and then verse 34 and take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharred with suffing and drunkenness and cares of this life. And so that day come upon you unawares. Amen. Amen. So he says take heed that your heart is not overcharged. Praise the name of our Lord. Oh, you know I have to get money. Sure, you have to get money, but there's also time for God. Praise the name of our Lord. But then the challenge is when we go to look for money, we forget God. So the whole day you've not thought about God. The whole day you have not thought about God. You are thinking about this deal. Meeting the other person beating the other one. Making the other enemy overcharged overcharged with the cares of this life. So the life itself is taken up by other things. The things of God are meaningless. All the things of God are just their subsidiary. After doing that then you bring in protected but you've not thought about the head you have not been talking about yet you allow him to take the head. He has to be the head sheep not the tail end. You know that's that the nature of man when they prepare functions they put everything there. Then they just remember in the closing remarks we someone has not prayed for us and then they say ah this one can pray for us when everybody is tired when you have a function at home they just remember about God something small you bring a prayer but the rest of the things God is out How they dance, how they sing, how they dress. God is not there. Tail end despised place like the unwelcomed Christ. Christ was not welcome. They invited him. He going to he went their home but then they put him there in the corner with that feet not washed not anointed not wiped and they started criticizing it here overcharged with shating. So the Bible says as a snare it will come on all of them who dwell on the face of the earth as a snare. In other words, they have not prepared for it. They never hit the warning signs. It just shook them. But now the Bible says for us we are not children of the night. Let us go to 1 Thessalonians 5:4 and then verse 4. But Brethren are not in darkness. We are not in darkness. What makes us to be in the light? We've heard the midnight cry. Praise the name of our Lord. We've heard a shout and God has been so gracious that he gave brother Brham the signs of the vision. The other vision. The other vision. We are not in darkness. We know where we stand. We know the time of the night. We know the hour we are living in. So the Bible says, "But you, brethren, are not in darkness." So if you are not in darkness, then the day should not take us as a thief in the night. What do you do? You make preparations. Make sure you're trimming your lamp. Make sure you're filled with the oil. Make sure you're living the life of Jesus Christ. Why? We've heard the midnight cry, the message of the hour. Praise the name of our Lord. You are all the children of the light and the children of the day. We are not of the night nor are of darkness. Therefore, let us not sleep as others do. You know when you are sleeping, you're not active. Now ask yourself, what activity are you in the kingdom of God? If you're not doing anything in the kingdom of God, you're in slumber. Find out where is your use in the kingdom. When you are sleeping, you're not doing anything. Then he says, "But let us watch and be sober." Watch like Elisha was told, "If you see me." So Elisha made sure that his eyes are on Elijah. Even our eyes should be on the Elijah. We have a prophet in the land. Praise the name of our Lord. Our eyes should be on the message. What does the message say about this thing? What does the message say about this? What does the message say about this? You hear about unions? Then you know what does the message talk about this union? The image of the beast. What does the Bible talk about the image of the beast? All that will worship the image of the beast, they end up in the lake of fire. So you are watching, you are seeing the move, you are seeing how things are moving and you know what decisions to make because you're not asleep. You are saying and he says be sober, know what decision to make because you have to watch to know what is happening. And to know what is happening, we use the word of God to discern the times that we are living in. Praise the name of our Lord. And then the Bible says, "For they that sleep sleep in the night, and they that be drunken are drunken in the night. But let us who are of the day. Praise the name of our Lord. We are of the day. We are of the day. The message of the hour. The light has come our way. So we are in daylight because of we have heard the cry. We know what's going on. We know the season we are living in. So we are not going to be taken unawares. We know where we stand. So he says we are of the day. We are of the message. We have heard the shout Christ crying out. Behold the bl the bridegroom coming. So what do we need to do? He says be sober. Putting on the breastplate of faith. and love and of unhelmet, the hope of salvation. For God has not appointed us to rest, but to obtain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ who died for us. Whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him. It says whether we wake In other words, when we are still alive in this body, we live together with him. When we sleep, in other words, die, the body is put in the grave. You still live with Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. He said we are of the dead. So, we need to be sober and watching. Praise the name of our Lord. Luke 21:36. The Bible says, "Watch ye therefore and watch ye therefore and pray always that you may not that you may be accounted worthy to escape. all these things that shall come to pass and to stand before the son of man. The Bible says watch pray. How do you watch? Look in the mirror of the word, not the season. What does brother Brandham talk about this? Praise the name of our Lord. much like you know 1954, brother Brandham prophesied that there will be a pope coming from America, the USA who will bring all the world to the image to cause all the religions unite. And just this recently the current pope has appointed the the cardinal in Jerusalem to be part of that interreligious committee in Vatican and then he appointed another one in Iran you know strategic the one in Jerusalem. to bring the the Judaism, the religious the Jewish religion. Then the one in Iran to bring the Islamic to bring them together smart, put everything together. What season are we living in? Praise the name of our Lord. So he says watch these things that are happening the economies of the world tumbling. They have to do that so that the beast can come out to redeem the earth. I have the money and everybody just bows down because how will the beast talk talk about economics if the economies have not failed? How will they talk about them? But then you see all the big countries they don't have enough money to sustain their budget. Continuous debts. continuous, continuous, continuous until the thing cannot operate nor and then the prophecy had to come to pass. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says, "Watch ye therefore and pray always. When you see what's happening, you keep on trimming your L. Lord, help me to be ready. Lord, give me grace so that you don't allow things take you away from God. Don't allow anything to stand between you and God. See that you hear the message. You observe the message. You know, you obey the message. You testify about the message and you pray to the Lord. The way Christ was telling them that when you see the abomination standing in the holy place, he said, "Let he that is in the mountain, let him not come to the city. Let him that's on the roof not go back to his house to pick anything." He said, "Take your flight." And then he said, pray for your flight. And he said, "Pray that your flight is not in winter. Your flight is not on the Sabbath. Then in the winter, because the mountains are full of snow, you can't survive in that environment. On Sabbath, the gates of the city are closed. He said, "Pray for your flight." We also need to pray for our flight. Praise the name of our Lord. Pray. Lord, count me worthy to be in the rapture. Let me have enough oil. Let that not take me unaware. Let the dead in Christ when they appear. Let my eyes not be blind. Like Elijah when he was telling Elisha that if you see me being taken up then it will be to you. That means there was a possibility Elisha not to say praise the name of the Lord. There was a possibility and I believe when Jesus was being taken up in heaven, when you read in the book of Acts chapter one, they only saw Jesus. But the living dead, those who had resurrected, they were following Christ together. Praise the name of our Lord. But they couldn't see them. But now, praise the name of our Lord. We need to see those people who are resurrected. and living among the stars and then it motivates us to know any time we also taking our flag. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to watch and pray. Praise the name of our Lord and let us not take anything for granted. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message watchman what of the night therefore I feel that the great Holy Spirit today is the same watchman that was in the tower at the beginning. He is still the warning voice. Prepare to meet thy God. Praise the name of our Lord. He says, "Now the Holy Spirit is the watchman. Be ready." Praise the name of our Lord. The coming of the Lord is at hand. Praise the name of our Lord. And then here it says the watchman in the Old Testament was the man that went up to a tower on a city way high. He was higher than all the footmen. It was his position. Now, in order for this man to get up there, he must have had a good clear understanding and he must have had good eyes. He must be alert. He must know the stars and many qualifications that before before he could be a correct watchman. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says in the Bible his prophets were considered eagles. It could climb higher than any other bird. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Holy Spirit is our watchman and the Holy Spirit has appointed a prophet in our day. who was the watchman looking high. Praise the name of the Lord. He saw Russia burning America in 1933. That is a watchman. He would see far and when he sees far then he comes and gives us praise the name of Allah. Now it will be very unfortunate when we are footmen down here on earth and somebody's eyes looking ahead. When he tells you what to do, you're not seeing right. So you're not seeing right. Ah, this life is enjoyable. I'm still young. I'm still young. I have more time. then you'll be taken unawares. Praise the name of our Lord. The watchman, he warns us. We have the message of the hour. Let us take heed to the message. What the message is telling us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, there's a a testimony here of a girl who turned down her last call in the message and thy seed shall possess the gates of the enemy. Praise the name of our Lord. He says, "I spoke to a girl when I was yet a Baptist preacher. I was down in Nashville, Tennessee, Tennessee, and I felt le to tell her and I believed God was giving her her final call. She met me outside the church that night and she said, "Don't you never embarrass me like that again. said, "I never embarrassed you. I hope not." She was a deacon's daughter. She said, "I'm young and I've got plenty of time to pray." I say, "Lady, I wouldn't never pointed my finger to you if I didn't feel that way. It was right. never would make never would have made an altar call if I didn't think and he just bowed out at me terribly. And two years later, I was there with my old friend, brother Morrison, the Baptist church, have another meeting. And when I did, I walked down the street and she was a nice young lady. She was walking down the street. It has been about 25 years ago. and her underneath skirts hanging low. How f she looked. I thought that can't be the deacon's daughter. And she spied me. She kind of smiled and turned her head sideways. I walked over close to her. She said, "Hello, preacher." I said, "How do you do?" She stood there on the corner a little bit and said, "Come, go with me to my room." I said, "Thank you. I'm kind of letting me hurry. She reached in her pocket book and said, "Have a cigarette." I said, "Now, aren't you ashamed to say that? He said, "Maybe you would take a drink with me. I'll pay for it if you'll take it." I said, "Shame on you, lady. Wouldn't you be ashamed to ask a servant of Christ saying like that?" I started to walk away. I said, "I'll be praying for you." She said, "Just a minute. There is no need. I said, "Why?" She said, "You remember that night standing there by that rose bushy by the side of the Baptist church." I said, "Yes." And she said, "My father is still a deacon there. You can tell this wherever you want to go if you want to." She said that was my last call. You know, since that time, I used always to feel a calling in my heart to come to God. But since that time, I've got harder and harder. Now this is the statement the girl made. She said, "My heart is so hard against God and against the church and everything." And said, "I could see my own mother's soul fly in hell like a pancake. and I laugh at it. That's how bad it was. She had her last call, but she put it off. This is not the time. I still need more time. You know, like some people get saved says, "Ah, I'm still young. I'll get saved when I get old." And but that could be the last call. And like even this girl, she lost out. No more conviction in her heart. No more thirsting for God. No more hungering for God. And so brother Brandham says, I think let me pick up also this. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to this message. something I've just remembered. I just need to read it. He says in the message, "Christ is the mystery of God revealed. But all this mystery is revealed only as he promised to his bride. Hell is against this truth of the revelation of this mystery. But the bride is standing on it. That is her stand. This is why I wanted paragraph 504. It says, "Why do you hunger church? Why do you thirst? It is the father trying to reveal to you these hidden secrets to you. But you let so many things get it out of you. You let your job, you let your wife, you let your husband, you let your children, you let the cares of the world, you let some pastor, you let somebody else get that out of you. When you know that when down in your heart you are thirsting, you are hungry. It is God trying to reveal it to you. The revelation, the last day is here. Praise the name of our Lord. So when God puts that thirsting, that hungering like you start thinking about something of God, don't disrupt it. Are you going into this way? Going to the other way. Take time and meditate upon the word. Take time and pray. Take time and read. Father, what does the Lord want to reveal to me? What does the Lord want to reveal to me? How does the Lord want me to go? It's the spirit of Christ coming down as the watchman sometimes warning you about what's going to happen. Sometimes guiding you, how you handle the affairs of your life, how you handle the affairs of your family, how you handle the affairs at your place of work. Praise the name of our Lord. So we had a watchman, you know, he watches over us. Praise the name of God. He knows what lays ahead of us. The midnight cry. We have heard the midnight cry. And as we've heard the midnight cry, he says, "Behold the bridegroom coming." What do you do? Arise. How many of us have already arisen? How many of us are awake? You know, be awake. Don't allow to slumber at this time. Don't allow your job to make you slumber. Don't allow your family to make you slumber. Don't allow all your programs to make you slumber. Because the Bible says it comes in an hour you think not. But he wants us to be ready. If it happens today, be ready. It happens tomorrow, be ready. Praise the name of our Lord. I'm ready to move. Praise the name of Allah. I'm ready to be raptured. I'm ready to be changed. Praise the name of our Lord. The midnight cry is the message of the hour. Is the shout we have received. And by the time the message comes forth, he's right away any time is here. Praise the name of let us be ready. May God bless you. Amen. [Applause] Let us sing that song in the resurrection morning. Praise the name of our Lord. In the resurrection morning when the trumpet of God shall round, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Then the saints will come rejoicing and no tears will be found. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. We shall rise. We shall rise. Hallelujah. In the [Music] We shall rise. We shall rise. [Music] In the resurrection morning, what a meeting it will be. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise when our fathers and our mothers and our loved ones we shall see. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall in the resurrection morning. In the resurrection morning, blessed thought is to me. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. I shall see my blessed savior who so freely died for me. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelujah. In the resurrection morning. When the death prison bars are broken, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall arise in the resurrection morning. We shall meet him in the air. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall and be carried up. and be carried out to glory to our home. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. We shall rise. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. We shall rise. Hallelujah. In the resurrection morning when the death prisons are falling we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Hallelujah. Do you believe it? Let us sing that song. Midnight cry. When Jesus steps out, let's get a lower key. When Jesus steps out on cloud to call God's children, the dead in Christ shall rise to meet him in the air. And then those that remain, those that remain will be quickly changed [Music] at the midnight cry when Jesus comes again when Jesus comes again. When Jesus steps out on cloud to call God's children and then in Christ shall rise to meet him in the air. Hey And then those that remain, those that dream will be quickly changed. At the midnight cry, at the midnight cry, midnight cry. When Jesus comes again, I hear a sound. I hear a sound of mighty rushing wind. And it's closer than it's ever been. I can almost hear that trumpet as Gabriel sounds a [Music] midnight cry. Midnight cry will be going home when Jesus steps out. Oh, when Jesus steps out on cloud to call God's children [Music] and they in Christ shall rise to meet him in the And then those that dreaming, those that dreaming will be quickly changed. [Music] at a midnight cry. Midnight cry when Jesus comes again. Amen. [Music] I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I fry away when I die. Hallelujah. By and by, I will fly away. I fly away. of glory fly away. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Somebody [Music] is all I will in the morning. God. [Music] [Music] Where the shadow is fly [Music] [Music] away in the Morning heat. [Music] Hallelujah. My [Music] Oh my [Music] god. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] We are soon and very soon. We are going soon and very soon and very soon. We are going to soon. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] No more sorrow. tomorrow. No more sorrows there. We are going to sing again. No more sorrows there. We are going. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going. No more suffering. No more suffering. We are going. No more suffering. No more suffering. We are going sing. No more suffering. No more suffering. We are going. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. We are going single. [Music] Give me all in my heart. Give me burning, burning. Give me all in my heart I pray. [Music] Give me all in my room. Keep me burning. Keep me burning to the break. Oh, hallelujah. Sing ohana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king of kings singana singan [Music] singanana to the singan [Music] Sing hosana sing hosana singana to the king. Oh singana. [Music] Oh, sing hosana. [Music] Sing hosana to the king. Start to speak to God. Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we thank you Lord God for your word Lord Jesus which has spoken father. It comes as a reminder Lord God that we may obtain Father Lord Jesus the promise Lord the promise of the change of our bodies Lord Jesus Christ being that our souls have been redeemed Lord and we are waiting Lord Jesus for the transformation of these bodies Lord. Oh my Jesus Christ and it is coming soon Lord. We see the prophecies Lord being fulfilled. And we hear the voice of the word calling out Lord Jesus for the bride to come for the oil to come and partake Lord Jesus of the nature of the word. Lord Jesus Christ we come before you Lord in humility Lord Jesus and in reverence Lord saying that Lord Jesus may you refill our cups Lord. May you anoint us Lord Jesus with your own spirit Lord that we may come Lord Jesus to that time Lord when that time comes it may not come unto us and away us Lord Lord Jesus as it is written Lord that is coming as a thief in the night and Lord Jesus as he said a little while I go away the world will not see me indeed Lord Jesus the world has not seen you the world has not have conscious Lord of you Lord They don't know whether you're here, Lord Jesus. But we know, Lord, you are here with us, Lord. We are waiting, Lord Jesus, for your physical appearance, Lord. We know, Lord Jesus, you keep us all the way. And you direct us, Lord, in the paths of righteousness. And you lead us, Lord, in the truth, Lord, because your word is truth as it is written, Father, that sanctify them through thy word and thy word is truth, Lord. We come before you Lord Jesus under the teaching of the word to say Lord Jesus where there is errors in our lives Lord where there is the shortcomings father maybe sometimes we grieve the Holy Spirit Lord may you cleanse us Lord may you purify us Lord may you resemble us again Lord that you may use us again Lord Jesus may you recreate us Lord that Lord Jesus we may fit Lord Jesus Christ in that st of a perfect man Lord Lord we pray Lord Jesus for the new heart we pray Lord Jesus Christ for the revelation Lord which falls every day which falls new every day Lord Jesus may it build us Lord may you call us Lord God and awaken our attention Lord Jesus to your presence Lord because you said whosoever shall come to me I will not cast him away Lord Jesus Christ we come to you Lord God this evening that Lord God we may have mercies that we may be renewed again that we may be refilled, Lord Jesus. Our cups, Lord Jesus, being refilled until it will run over, Lord Jesus. Like David says, "My cup runth over, Lord. We thank you, Jesus, for the reach of mercies." And the prophet says, we cannot exhaust the spirit of God. May you pour yourself in us, Lord. As we come before you, Lord Jesus. And as we wait, Father, for that precious time, the change of our bodies, Lord, we love you, Lord. We appreciate you Jesus. In the mighty name of our Lord Jesus we pray. [Music] Feel my cup [Music] and let it up. [Music] Come and quench the thirsting of my soul. [Music] Bread of heaven, fill me to I want no more. Fill my cup. Fill it and make it new. Fill my cup. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. [Music] Come and quench the thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven. Bread of heaven. Feed me. Did I want no? Fill my cup. Feel it and make me feel fill my cup. [Music] Fill it up and it deep. We lift it up. [Music] The thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven. of heaven. Feel me. Till I want know. [Music] Fill it up. [Music] Let's sing that song. I need Thee. I need thee every hour. I need thee every hour. Most gracious Lord, no tender voice like thine can be afford. [Music] I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. Oh, I need thee every hour. Stay thin. Tempations lose their power. When thou arten, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. [Music] As we wait the communion, [Music] let us keep our moods in prayer. As we sing this song, Jesus paid it all. I hear the Savior sing. [Music] Thy strength indeed is more. [Music] Child of weakness, [Music] find me thy own in all. Jesus paid it all. [Music] All to him my own. Sin left a crimson stain. He wet it twice as pastor. [Music] No, now indeed thine [Music] My power and I alone come [Music] and let us fall [Music] of stone. Oh yeah, Jesus paid all to him. My home [Music] sing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Let us stand up our Bibles in First Corinthians chapter 11. We are reading from verse 23. Up to verse 28. He says, "For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. for God. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take it. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sapped, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord his death till he come. Wherefore soever shall eat of this bread and drink of this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. So the Bible says we examine ourselves. Praise the name of our Lord. We know our works. And then the scripture says when we eat of this bread and drink of this cup, we are declaring that the Lord Jesus died and he resurrected us again. And what took him to die was because of our unworthiness. Praise the name of our Lord. On our own we are not worthy. So whatever our failures are, whatever our weaknesses are, we bring them right under the blood of Jesus. And then you ask God for mercy. Lord help me in my trespasses. Lord help me in my straying out and restore me back into the fellowship. Let us pray. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we approach your presence again as we've come to observe this Lord supper which you commanded us heavenly father that we should do it as often as we can in remembrance of your death and resurrection. We are here having the unleven bread. Father, we pray may sanctify this bread Lord, as we partake of it, a sign of the body of Jesus Christ to know that we are the body of Christ. We are part of the word of God. We pray that father be able to enjoy all the benefits that comes from obedience to your word. As we doing it in a physical way, yet we know spiritually also. Father, we commune with you, Lord. We pray may bless every one of us and guide in the whole process heavenly father in the breaking of bread in the serving of wine and even in the foot washing and even law that all may be done for the glor of your holy name. Bless us as we wait on you in the name of the Lord Jesus pray this. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I would call brother William and brother Wilson. [Music]
