################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - What The Holy Spirit Does In Our Lives                Pastor Katumba James        06.08.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    What The Holy Spirit Does In Our Lives        |        Pastor Katumba James     |   06.08.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgVPxfhJFLk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I see I see a grace stream of blood. [Music] Yes, it flows from calary. [Music] Calvary it wave which reached the floor. Thrown of gold a sweeping. [Music] Aries [Music] are found and filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel [Music] and see us light Leave me the flag Who's on their guilty state? Lose all their guilty day. lose soul their guilties [Music] and sinners unseen blood [Music] that flood lose all their guilt. [Music] As you prepare to speak, let's say, thou dieing glious [Music] blood shall never lose. As you prepare to speak to the Lord, Zach of God be sold. [Music] Be safe to see no more be [Music] to see no more dear. around. Don't church of God be to sin no more. Start to talk to God. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, there is a fountain Lord this evening filled with blood. Lord God we pray Jesus Christ give us Lord the spiritual eyes oh God and the faith Lord that we may come into the blood of Jesus and Lord God we've come into Lord Jesus the presence of God Lord God if there is your God father if this is our place of father residence Lord we know Lord Jesus there is blood because father we come Lord God with weak bodies we come Lord Jesus unworthy Lord God. But Lord, we know we enter into the Holy of Holies Lord with boldness because there is a blood and the blood has been applied Lord unto our souls. Oh God. I pray Lord Jesus. May you quicken our spirit Lord. May you quicken our attention and father consciousness that Lord God we may realize Lord the finished work of Calvary Lord because it is done and it is finished Lord. We are just walking into father a finished work Lord. We commit father Lord Jesus ourselves into your presence Lord. And Lord God may you anoint the minister Lord God who is coming to teach Lord to apply the blood you know to sprinkle Father the blood upon the purchase of the the blood. We pray Lord Jesus as he sprinkles the blood upon us, may we take it by faith Lord Jesus Christ and make our minds Lord steadfast Lord that we may always Lord Jesus look and live that we may always turn away Father from our own thinking that we may turn away Lord Jesus from our own ways Lord that we may not lean on our understanding Lord but we may return to God we thank you Jesus because your arms are widely And you are God who's full of mercy and truth. Lord Jesus, you are ready to receive us again. You are ready, Lord Jesus, to work with us as sons. Lord, no longer father, Lord Jesus, servants, but we are friends, oh my Jesus. That's why to us the mystery is revealed. Oh, we thank you Jesus. We know Lord God, the second coming of our Lord Jesus, it is a secret. But to us, Lord, it has been revealed. And Lord, we know you are here. Lord the world is blind but we the bride Lord Jesus our eyes have been opened it was it has been enlightened Lord by this gospel Lord by the glorious gospel we thank you Jesus that's why we come into your presence boldness Lord to see Lord God that we obtain father that mercies and favor Lord God we thank you Jesus we commit the service into your hands may you come and take the preeminence in the might name Lord of our Lord Jesus we pray. Hallelujah. We give you thanks, oh Jesus. Let us get on our feet and we sing that song. [Music] Jesus has a table spread. It is come and dine. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and with his man does speak and supplies our every need. What is sweet to sap with Jesus all the time. Come and come and dine. The master call if come and oh you feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitudes and turn the altars into wine. To the angry corth. Now come and the disciples came to land. The disciples came to learn. Thus oy Christ commands for the master called to them come and die. There they fall their hearts desire. Bread and fish are upon the fire. The sea satisfies the hungry every time. Come and die. Come and dine. The master callth. Come and dine. [Music] You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He will f the multitudes and turn the waters into wine. to the angry godeth now come and die soon will take his bride to be ever decide all the hearts of heaven will assemble being or to be the glorious side. All the saints in spotless white and with Jesus they will feast eternally. [Music] Come undine the master call. Come undine. Come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. Every time he who fed the multitudes turn the water into wine to the hungry call now come down. Amen. We thank God for this evening. &gt;&gt; Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you that you've called us to come and die. And whenever there is a call of the Lord, the table is already made. Now you called all those people from different places that come to the king's banquet because everything was said. and we believe in now everything is said. May you Lord speak to our hearts father. May you grant to meet all our needs even as we've come into your presence. Lord we pray may wash us in the blood of Jesus Christ and deliver everyone from their captivity preeminence Lord upon this service and grant all the hearts desire of all your children. We love you Lord and we thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus pray this Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let us go to the book of Romans chapter 8. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. We read in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; So we're reading Romans chapter 8 from verse 5 to verse 11. So the scripture says, &gt;&gt; "For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is enimity against God, for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But you are not in the flesh, but in the spirit, if so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. Sorry. Och. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. May God blessing of his word. You may be seated. So I want to preach on the subject. What the Holy Spirit does in our lives. what the Holy Spirit does in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, what was the Holy Ghost given for in paragraph 19? Now the purpose, what was God's purpose in sending the Holy Spirit? [Music] Now mark down John 14 beginning at the verse at the 14th verse and reading through the chapter for the basis God's purpose we find here in sending the Holy Spirit was one purpose that God himself might dwell in his church and continue his plan through the church that God was in Christ contining his plan through Christ. out of Christ into the church, continuing his work through the church. Praise the name of our Lord. So the reason why God gives us the Holy Spirit is that he can continue his work that he can continue his work in us the way he was in Christ doing his work. So now when the Holy Spirit comes in us, he comes to fulfill the purpose of God that God himself lives in us. Praise the name of our Lord that God can take charge over our lives like we've read here in Romans chapter 8 that they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But you know our first birth, we were born in this flesh until we get the second birth. We cannot have the Holy Spirit living in us. So now when you get the new birth, when you have the spirit of God living in you, you are a creation. after the new creation. So now even your interests are of the things of God. So even when you are living here on earth, &gt;&gt; you don't live after the flesh, but you live after the Holy Spirit that has been given to you. You know, you find that your interests change. You find that your desires change. You find that even the way you handle things change. Why? Because the Holy Spirit dwells inside of you. So now it is God himself, you know, continuing his own work, doing his own will. Praise the name of our Lord which he desires. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, what does it take to make a Christian life? Paragraph 35. He says the Holy Spirit will make every movement like Christ. It will make you Christlike. The fruit of the spirit, love, &gt;&gt; joy, peace, longsuffering, &gt;&gt; goodness, &gt;&gt; meekness, &gt;&gt; gentleness, patience, faith. Those things are what the Holy Spirit controls. Our emotions is not so much as jumping up and down. You could do that bring that to you. But the Holy Spirit brings you into operation or in control of God that you walk in peace and in love in joy with longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience. You see, it isn't something that you do. [Music] It is something the Holy Ghost does in you. You see, it's no longer an intellectual thought of your own. It is a subconscious moving of the Holy Spirit. In other words, the Holy Spirit takes over your life and you do things, you know, many times without kind of a a pre decision or maybe something you do unconsciously. You know, you find yourself loving your enemies. Praise the name of our Lord. You find yourself you know that you you are forgiving somebody regardless of what they have done. You know just like the sheep when they have removed the wool from the sheep. It is its nature to produce the wool. Even when you remove that wool from the sheep, the nature will produce more wool. So that's how the Holy Spirit does also in our lives. When the Holy Ghost is in our lives, he will make you live the life of Jesus Christ. He will make you have the mind of Jesus Christ. He will make you bear the fruit of the spirit. He will make you do the works of Christ. You know, it is something that is part of you. Even when they put you under some kind of hard scenarios, the life that is in you is something which is automatic. It just comes out. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what he's saying here. Then he says, I wish I could shout the praises of God around the world to that. I wish I could shout the praises of God. around the world to that the church of the living God. There is where our Pentecostal move failed. We have so much we have some manmade musical clap hands jump and down emotion. When it when if we go back out on the street and the Holy Spirit does not govern our lives to cooperate with that, we have not got the Holy Spirit, you know, because there is a lot of makeup, you this somebody they just want to act you know maybe they want to get somebody some people into some kind of thought and move under that kind of move but you see the Holy Spirit should be something junior in somebody's life that the life comes out automatically not some form of psychology Like in psychology or in sociology which they teach in schools they can teach you how to behave. You know when you see this person you do also like this. You need to see that you hold your temper. You need to see that you don't shout. But when the Holy Spirit is in you is that the decision you make at a challenging point, you didn't think about it even in the morning, but it certainly comes like when brother Brham was warned about a trap which was set for him. He didn't know how the trap was. But then he was preaching in the church and then a woman and a man come and do all the funny things in the church. And then he wondered then he told him stop doing what you're doing. He kept on doing whatever they were doing. And then the spirit told him you can speak anything. Then he wondered what should I do. Then he said, "I forgive you." It was the life of Christ that was in him that came out to make that kind of decision. And so even us when we have the spirit of God, we shall always make the right decisions in our lives. The Holy Spirit will guide you even in challenging situations. Sometimes you've never gone through that situation. But when the spirit of God is there, it will help you to make the right decision. Praise the name of our Lord, he will make you follow the word of God because the Bible says when he, the spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all truth. And it's the Holy Spirit who teaches us all the truth. So then he guides us into all his truth. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. When the spirit of God comes down in your life and you see the Bible says you will not rejoice in evil and even the Holy Spirit in our lives we cannot rejoice in evil. Praise. Praise the name of our Lord in 1 Corinthians chapter 13 and then verse four. He says charity suffers long. Charity is kind. Charity enies not. Charity ves not is not path does not behave itself unseemly seeketh not her own is not easily provoked thinkketh no evil rejoices not in iniquity but rejoices in the truth, bears all things, believeth all things, hopes all things, endures all things. And brother Brandham says this charity is the Holy Spirit. So when the Holy Spirit is in us, you'll have longsuffering. You'll have kindness. You will not, you know, v. You are not going to know to put yourself above everybody. You're not going to behave unsemly. You're not going to seek your own. You are not easily provoked, you know, shortteered. Just one word you are off. Just only something small you say I can no longer come to this place. The Holy Spirit will hold you to become praise the name of our Lord. Even inations where you are provoked, it says you think no evil. You know something maybe you you want to kind of revenge, you know, things which are not appropriate. So when the Holy Spirit comes in our lives, he gives his own life. Praise the name of our Lord. He does not rejoice in iniquity that but only rejoices in the truth because it is the Holy Spirit that leads you into all the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. When the Holy Spirit comes in our lives, it's no longer our desires. It's no longer your life. It's the life of Christ himself living in you. Praise the name of our Lord. So you can now look at the life you live and then the way the Bible says you look in the glass praise the name of the Lord and see the life that I live does it match with the word praise the name of our Lord so you can prove your life I have the spirit of God or I don't have the spirit of God praise the name of our Lord back in this quote back in this quote which we've been reading in this message, what does it take to be a Christian? He says &gt;&gt; when if you go back &gt;&gt; on the street and the Holy Ghost doesn't govern your lives to cooperate with that. We have not got the Holy Spirit. That is not ski. But brother, that's what the church needs. Only life can come by the Holy Spirit. Did you ever notice how God in his Bible, how wonderful he made things? Just one moment now. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, You will know what enter into the kingdom. You've got to be born again. You've got to be. What is it? That doesn't mean an experience that you shouted or spoke with tongues. Those things are fine. But that isn't what I'm talking about this morning. If your life doesn't cooperate or doesn't testify of your emotions that you receive when you spoke with tongues, then you are deceived because the Holy Spirit takes your innermost being and controls you as you are makes you forms you into a Christian man or Christian woman. It takes off with your life. There is something in you pushing you that is making you do it anyhow. It makes you love those who spit on you. It makes you love those who said that you are insane. When you get the spirit in you, then the burdens of life becomes light. You don't notice them anymore. The yoke is lined with feathers. They become so easy. Then the people pile things on you. You know what? You are like Samson at the gates of Gaza who picked up the big brass gate and he packed it on up to the hill. Praise the name of Allah. It's a very interesting one. He says when you have the spirit of God, you are like Samson. You know they pack things on you. But God gives you the grace. Praise the name of our Lord. Maybe what they are packing on you is criticism. You know, maybe what they are packing on you is isolation. Maybe what they are packing on you is persecution. Maybe what they are packing on you. There are some form of trials. There are some forms of temptations, but there's the Holy Spirit in you. He enables you, praise the name of our Lord, to be in a position to overcome all those things. Like Samson, he would carry the gate which many people cannot carry, but he moves it up when the spirit of God will come upon him. So it's also the same thing with us, praise the name of our Lord is that every stress you go through, every situation you go through, you know, every challenge that comes your life, the Holy Spirit gives you the ability to overcome those kind of stressions. There may be stressions at home. There may be stressions at your place of work or wherever you go. Maybe you are moving on the road. Still the Holy Spirit in you will give you the ability to walk in all the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. You don't only walk in the truth where people love you. But even where people hate you, &gt;&gt; you'll be able to stand by the truth because that's the purpose of the Holy Spirit is it guides us into all truth and the truth is the word of God. So you can't say I can only do the word of God when I'm at home. When I'm at a place of work, I'm doing what the Romans do. Because they say when you're in Rome, you do like the Romans. When you among thieves, you behave like thieves. All drunkers, you also drink. No, the Holy Ghost is not like that. Like Joseph when he the spirit of God was upon him and he went into the house of Portifer, they were idol worshippers. But he was not worshiping the idols. You know the the the wife behaved like a prostitute. But he wouldn't go over to what she wanted. Why? Because the life which was in Joseph was totally different. And that's what the Holy Spirit also does in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. You may have friends or maybe at the places of work, maybe they are busy doing this funny thing, maybe they preparing end of year party, you know, and then they to dress funny, do all kind of makeup, but the Holy Spirit in you will not allow you to get yourself involved in those dirties because it is not your test. It's not your nature. You even avoid those kind of things. Praise the name of our Lord because it is something different inside of you. So now when the Holy Spirit is in our lives, he will give us the ability to live the life of Jesus Christ. It doesn't become a struggle. Praise the name of the Lord. The birds, they don't struggle to put on feathers. It is something that is inside of them. So even the Holy Spirit, praise the name of our Lord, when he's inside of you, he will produce his own character. And that's what we should always desire God. And if there is any condition that is grieving the Holy Spirit, you ask God deliver me from this situation because it is limiting me from coming to my full potential. Praise the name of the Lord. Because you have declared, you have confessed, I'm a Christian and live the life of a Christian. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, &gt;&gt; "And when you get to a place &gt;&gt; that the Holy Spirit has you, not you, the Holy Spirit, but the Holy Spirit has you." You say, "I got the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; I don't think that should be said. You must say the Holy Ghost got me. Then when the Holy Ghost gets you, the burdens, the yoke is easy. Then you pick up the big gates of Gaza &gt;&gt; and park them straight to Calvary. &gt;&gt; And they on Mount Calvary. &gt;&gt; You led them at the feet of Jesus and pray for your enemies, not with a grudge. Because the word says pray for your enemies. So you do it but not with happiness. You just a grudge, feed your enemy. And you feel grieved. You know the word says this, let me do it. But you know you are doing it out of joy of obedience. You're doing it out of the joy of obedience. You say, "Lord, if you would bust him open, &gt;&gt; no, but with something within your heart, that dear God, that man is a man like I am." You see what's lacking in the church friend? &gt;&gt; What we need is a start all over. Praise the name of our Lord. The life of Christ himself being in us. Praise the name of our Lord. So now when the Holy Spirit is right inside us, he will make us do things of Jesus Christ. Now in the message what was the Holy Spirit given for it says and in the cool of evening. He would come down and commune with them and there he lost that fellowship because of sin would not let him do it. He was made flesh and dwelt among us in order that he could come back again to a man and live in man and restore a man to a state of communion with him again and give him back his God-given right. That's what he did. That's the purpose of the Holy Ghost. It is the father again, God dwelling in you, working out his plans to finish his plan of redemption, working through you, making you a coworker with him. Giving you a place, &gt;&gt; giving you a part of a part for your fallen lost brother and sister, giving you his spirit and his love to go hunt for the lost as he did in the garden of Eden. Adam, Adam, where are you? &gt;&gt; That's what the Holy Spirit does to a man or a woman when it strikes into their heart and it takes a B. There is a thirst and hungering for lost souls. Praise the name of our Lord. When the Holy Spirit is inside of you, you desire people to get saved. Your friends you spend time with you talk to them about the Lord. How often you challenge them to accept the Lord as their savior? How about your neighbors? How about those people who work on your project or who work on your kind of assignments? You know, maybe you go to the salon. How often you testify to them about the Lord, you find them watching things which are not appropriate. You're not going to rebuke at them. But you tell them there's something better. Praise the name of the Lord. There's something better than this. &gt;&gt; The Lord loves you. the people who come and work at maybe your shop or the people who do different kind of activities around you or they depending upon you to survive. How often do you testify to them? Praise the name of our Lord maybe you who carries you. How often do you testify to them about the Lord? your colleagues, your relatives, how often do you tell them about Christ? So when the Holy Spirit is inside of us, you will always move us to talk about Christ. You testify about the goodness of the Lord. You testify about the things the Lord is doing. and you desire people to be changed because he's putting a thirsting and hungering in your life for the lost souls. Then he says that's what's the matter with the meetings today. There is not enough spirit in touch to go for the souls of the lost. and the dying. It is more to make a name or a church or a building or a nomination instead of a soul winning program. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to see that the Holy Spirit has total preeminence in our lives. You know that you are doing the things that are pleasing to the Lord. You are in studying of the word. You are in praying. You are in testifying the life that you live reflecting the life of Jesus Christ himself. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to another message also. A secondhanded robe. And Elijah turned around. The only thing that he wanted to to know. Could he ever get that promise? That's all he wanted. And he said, "Now I'm going to ask you. Tell you what my desire is. I want a double portion of your spirit to come upon me. What are you going to say?" Elijah the anointed prophet turned around and said though has asked a hard thing but the thing will be given to you on a condition. So is so is the Holy Ghost given to you on a condition. on conditions. If you can meet the condition, that is if you can see me while I go away. You'll have what you asked for. That's all Elisha wanted was the promise. Praise the name of our Lord. So Elijah told Elishah, "If you can see me being taken away from you, then you'll have the double portion of the spirit." And even as the condition for the Holy Spirit is obedience to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the condition to the Holy Spirit. Because the Bible says in Acts 5:32, God has given the Holy Spirit to those that obey him. So that's the condition, your obedience to the word. Brother Brandham says your obedience to the word entitles you to the token. Praise the name of our Lord. So it's the condition Elijah told him if you can see me being taken out and the scripture says if you obey the word of God and the Holy Spirit comes down. Praise the name of our Lord and he keeps you in that obedience of the word walking after the word of God. If he know the promise and the conditions of the promise, then he kept his eyes right on Elijah. The way we should keep our eyes on the word of God, I can imagine somebody saying, "Sir, what are you bothering him for? I ain't got no time to talk to you. I'm looking straight at him. And today the promise many of you here is sick and the promise is to you if you can believe. You've got the promise. The promise is laid down here in the Bible. The promise is yours. But the trouble of it is you let the schools of the prophets and everything else call you from one side to the other one telling you, discouraging, telling you days of miracles is passed. No such a thing. It's mind reading. It's mental telepathy and all those things and you listen to it and that's the reason you don't receive the promise. Praise the name of our lord. You know like there are some people who believe it is difficult to get the Holy Spirit and so somebody's there all his lifetime said I don't know if I'll ever get the Holy Spirit. But the Bible says the Holy Spirit was given on the day of Pentecost. The only reason why the Holy Ghost was not given before in John chapter 7 and then verse 39, you can read that scripture. John 7 9:39 it says, "But this spoke he of the spirit which they that believe on him should receive for the Holy Ghost was not yet given because that Jesus was not yet glorified. That was the condition. The Holy Ghost was not yet given because Jesus had not resurrected. But now our Lord resurrected 2,000 years ago. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Holy Spirit was released on the day of Pentecost. So there is no excuse for somebody not to have the Holy Spirit. Oh, it is hard to get the Holy Spirit. That is the schools of the prophets. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother, it is difficult. Do you know how long I took? Do you know how much I suffered? How I went to the mountain several nights? That's not the condition of getting the Holy Ghost. Praise the name of our Lord. No, that's not the condition. Praise the name of our Lord. But that's what people have in the mind. The the Bible says that they put burdens on people's back which they cannot carry. So they put a big thing as if it is too difficult. It's not that difficult. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Just obey the word and then the Holy Ghost comes down. The life of Jesus Christ himself. Praise the name of our Lord. Not brother. You know unless you go to the other side. If you don't go to the other preacher there, praise the name of our Lord. You know, the Holy Spirit comes to those who obey the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Not saying that unless you come to our church in Ginger, you're not going to get the Holy Ghost. That's wrong. The condition is, let us read Acts 5:32. And we are his witnesses of these things. And so is also the Holy Ghost whom God has given to them that obey him. Now, who gives the Holy Ghost? God whom does he give &gt;&gt; those who obey. So the question is why don't you want to obey? Why would you come from the world and you come to dis be disobedient? Why? Praise the name of our Lord. You know you accept the Lord as your savior. Be obedient fully and then he gives you his spirit. There's nothing difficult with that in John chapter 14. John chapter 14 and then verse 21. He that has my commandments and keepeth them. In other words, you hear the word. When you hear the word, you are obedient to that word. Then he says, "It is he that loveth me. You've heard the word and you have obeyed the word. You love God." Then he said, "And he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and I will manifest myself to him, more revelations, more manifestations, more grace of God, more leadership. He is manifesting himself to you. Praise the name of our Lord. Then in verse 23, Jesus answered and said unto him, "If a man love me, he will keep my words and my father will love him and we will come unto him and make our abode with him." Now you imagine what he's saying. If a man love me, he will keep my words. When you look at that scripture, he said the proof of love is for you to keep the word of God. And keeping the word of God, you love the word. You desire the word. You cherish the word. The way you keep money that a thief cannot steal it. So even you keep the word but demons cannot steal it by bringing unbelief because demons are birds. They come and steal the word. And then you make sure that those demons, those evil spirits, they don't come and steal the word you have in your heart. So now when the word is in your heart, you are obedient to that word. So you are keeping it. You are fulfilling it. You are like Mary. Let it be unto me according to your word. You've opened your heart to the word of God. And the word of God you've opened your heart to shows the life of Christ right inside of you. Now you see that scripture if you love me, you will keep my word and then the rest does it. God himself, I've given you my word. Keep my word. The way he told those disciples, I've given them my thy word. I have kept them by thy word. They have kept my word. Keep them through thy word. Sanctify them. Then now he says when you have the word you keep the word what is follows. He says the father will love you and when he loves you he says he will come unto you and when he comes unto you he comes and makes his abboard. He loves you. He comes to you. He comes and makes his abboard. That's the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Nothing complicated about it. It's the same. It's the same kind of call at the beginning. You know, accept the Lord Jesus as your personal savior. Then you repent. You're baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Then the Bible says every one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. What follows? You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. No complication about it. No going through 10 years fast. No going through you know sleepless nights first. Now it doesn't mean that you may not do that. But others are not conditions. God is not asking you to first suffer. You know, at the cross I was nailed, the pain I felt. Oh, until you go through that, the only thing he wants you to do is to die to your selfish desires. That's all. Die yourself desires. &gt;&gt; Lord, I've turned my mind from the things of the world. &gt;&gt; Lord, I've turned my mind from what I personally desire. Here I am, Lord. I want to take what you are telling me. Praise the name of the Lord. That's what he desires. A change of your mind. And to repent is to turn away from where you're going. So you reject the past like the two sons. The Bible talks about the Bible talks about two sons. The father told them go to the vineard. And then the first son said I will not go. Afterwards he repented and he went. He went to the second son, go to the vineard. The second son said, "I will go." But he didn't go. Then Jesus asked those Pharisees, "Who did the will of the father? Praise the name of Lord." He was bringing in the example of the prostitutes and the publicans versus the religious people. When the prostitutes came to John the Baptist, what shall we do? When the religious people came to John the Baptist, who are you? When the publicans came to Jesus, &gt;&gt; the prostitute when they came they repented. When the religious people came to Jesus, who gave you that power? So they despise it. They take it lightly. But now there what the people they call sinners. They want to be serious. Lord, change me. Zakaria Zakas a publican. &gt;&gt; You know, he said what I'm going to do to repay back. He was not like the other Pharisee said, "This man, is he really righteous? Praise the name of our Lord. It's all about obedience and that's what the Lord desires from us. Be obedient to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. And then the spirit dwells in you. Praise the name of our Lord. I want so I can finish. Now there's this message. He says &gt;&gt; he was confirming it. &gt;&gt; He told the body of Jesus &gt;&gt; apart taking the spirit lifted up the body to the right hand of the throne of God down the other part and sent down the other part. The part he tore out the spirit upon us which is called the Holy Spirit and the very life that was in Christ is in you. That shows he is your redeemer. He's adopted you unto God. And now we are sons and daughters of God with the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Works that I do shall you do also. Greater than this shall you do. For I go to my father. The spirit that was in him is on you eternal life. He is the giver of eternal life. He is a redeemer to bring back that which fell in the fall in the human race to bring back to God. And the spirit that was in Christ is in you. &gt;&gt; And if the spirit of Dillion &gt;&gt; was in me, &gt;&gt; I would have guns. You know that was a man who liked guns like nothing. the moon. &gt;&gt; Then he said, &gt;&gt; "If the spirit if if the spirit of an artist was in me, I would paint pictures. If the spirit of God is in you, the works of Christ you will do." Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; That is right. The life that was in him is in you. Then he says, "Transfer the life from anything to another thing." If you could take the life of a pumpkin and then put it in a watermelon, it would bear pumpkins. Exactly. &gt;&gt; You take the life out of a peach tree and put it in a pe tree, it will bear pitches. Like you like you take the life of oranges and put it in a mango tree. Then that monkey will bear oranges because the life that's in the tree gives the evidence of it. Praise the name of our Lord. Now for us who were born in sin, shaped in iniquity. So if we get the life of the righteous one, our Lord Jesus Christ without sin, we get his life and then it is in us. Then we shall bear the life of Jesus Christ. The works that I do shall you do. You bear the fruit of the spirit. You have the life of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. You fulfill all the promises of God. Why? When the Holy Ghost is in us, he does the works of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's the essence of being saved. Is it not my life anymore, but it is the life of Jesus Christ? Praise the name of our Lord. And that should always be our desire. Lord, give me life. Lord, let me live your life. When the Holy Spirit comes in us, we shall always do the word of God. We shall always do the will of God. No longer us who live but Christ that lives in us. Praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you. Amen. Let us sing that song. There is honey in the rock. Praise the name of our Lord. Oh my brother, do you know the Savior who is wonderous, kind and true is the ro of your son vision. Halleluah. There is hand in the rock for you. There is honey. There is hand in the rock. My brother, my sister, there is hand in the rock for you. [Music] Save your sins for the blood to cover. There is honey in the rock for you. Have you tasted the Lord is gracious? Blow your wall in the way that's new. I look from the livinging fountain. There is honey in the road. For there is honey. There is honey in the road. My sister, hallelujah, there is honey in the rope for you. Leave your sins for your blood to cover. There is honey in the room for you. [Music] Oh, to you pray and to go thy father that what will go have me to do. Never fear. He will surely answer that. There is honey in the room for you. Oh hallelujah. There is in the wrong my brother my sister. There is money in the road for you. Lay your sins for the blood to cover. There is honey in the wrong for you. day and go out through the streets and by ways. Reach the word to the men know you. Say to him free falling brother. There is honey in the road for you. Oh there is honey. There is honey. My brother, my sister, there is honey in the road for you. Leave your sins for the blood to cover. There is honey in the rock. Oh. Oh. There is honey. There is [Music] my brother, my sister. There is one in the rock for you. Live your soul for the blood to cover. There is money in the road for you. When the savior calls, may praise the name of our lord as each of us go to pray. Amen. When the savior [Music] calls, I will answer. [Music] When he calls for me, I will be when the Savior goes, I will be somewhere listening for my name. 152 Oh, I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. [Music] If my heart is when he calls me. If my heart is right, I will hear. [Music] [Applause] If my heart is right, when he calls me, I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere. Listening. I'll be somewhere. Listening. I'll be somewhere. Listening from my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. world. If my rock is wide when it cross me. If my robe is one, I will be [Applause] if my ro is true. any call me I'll be somewhere listening for my name [Music] I'll be somewhere listening I'll be somewhere listening I'll me somewhere listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere [Music] [Applause] listening. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank thee father. How we glorify your holy name. You are great Lord Jesus. You are wonderful Lord. You change not heavenly father. How we thank you heavenly father for the gift of salvation you've given unto us. For the gift of eternal life, you've given unto us. For the gift of the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you've given unto us. How we worship you, Lord. How we adore you, Lord. You are holy, Lord Jesus. You are the heavenly father. And how you fulfill your promises, Lord. How you perform your word, heavenly father. That all the things that you have said, Lord, you do them, Lord. Lord, you perform them, Lord. And that we are thankful heavenly father that we can have examples for ourselves of the great things that you've been doing heavenly father in our lives Lord coming down in the name of Jesus Christ washing us from all unrighteousness delivering us from all evil delivering us from all wrong and we are so thankful heavenly father for the gift freely given unto us father that Jesus Christ by holy spirit lord we can live the life of Jesus Christ by your Holy Spirit Lord we can obey all truth. We can walk in all truth Lord and perform all your word. How we are thankful father that you are working upon our lives heavenly father even to bring us dear Lord to the image of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We are thankful heavenly father that you've chosen us Lord. You've called us heavenly father and now you've glorified us Lord. We give praise to your holy name. We give honor to your holy name. Thank you for your mercies Lord upon our lives. Thank you for your goodness upon our lives. It has been your grace reach this far father and still the same thing your grace that heavenly father has changed our natures Lord. Reject the things of this world. Reject evil ways. Project things that are wicked Lord. Having turned our hearts away from all evil, from all unrighteousness that Lord we can seek your face to have that same life of Christ. the Holy Spirit himself coming down doing his will, doing his work. Oh God, we love you Lord. We thank you heavenly father. Help us in all that we do Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God of our salvation that the Holy Spirit may have preeminence our upon our lives no longer us living Lord but you Lord alone living in us oh God with that nature of Jesus Christ just as we were born in sin oh God and trespasses but you granted us father to receive the new birth Lord the baptism of the Holy Spirit that heavenly father we don't go by the desires of the flesh but seeking Lord the will of the Holy Spirit what the Holy Spirit would design our lives. We pray heavenly father you may help each and every one of us Lord. Father oh God always to yield the leadership of the Holy Spirit that may have to preeminence upon our lives. Take all negative thoughts out of us. Take all negative thoughts out of us. All negative minds all evil imaginations Lord. All evil desires heavenly father that Lord we may have the mind of God. We may have the desire of God. the Holy Spirit expressing himself in us Lord even as you said in your word that if we keep your word oh God you will come and manifest yourself to us you'll come and make you abide in us grant it heavenly father to fill each and every one of us with your spirit Lord that we may receive more and more of God in our lives transforming us changing our thoughts changing our minds Lord changing our desires Lord that heavenly father in our decision making it may be the Holy Spirit in us, oh God, leading us and guiding us, Lord. How we worship you, Lord. How we glorify your holy name. How we magnify you, Lord, that you are awesome, Lord. You are worthy of all praise. You are worthy of all honor. Lord, wash us in the name of Jesus Christ. Deliver us from every bondage. Lord, deliver us from every powers of darkness. Oh God, transform our lives evenly, Father, that we can live the life of Jesus Christ. Give us the ability in the name of Jesus. To overcome all temptations we go through, to overcome all trials we go through, to overcome every challenge we go through in life that Lord, we may not give up along the way. Oh God, that the devil may talk a hold of us to bind us Lord, to cage us down, to push us down, oh God, but help us, Lord, that even in our failures, Lord, even in our weaknesses, oh God, we may arise out of distress, Lord, and be able to move forward, heavenly father. Oh God, we need your strength. We need your mercies. Lord God, give us more grace. Lord Jesus, even in the journey that still lays ahead of us that we may run with patience, Lord, the rest that is set before us, oh God, encouraging us, strengthening us, directing us, Lord, and showing us your path, the path of God, the path of truth and righteousness for your name's sake, oh God. How we love you, Lord Jesus Christ. How we thank you, heavenly father. How we glorify your holy name. You are worthy Lord Jesus. Worthy of all holy father. Oh guide us Lord Jesus Christ. We pray heavenly father you may continuously reveal yourself to us. Continuously show us the path we have to take the path of truth and righteousness Lord that we may desire more of God in our lives oh God. No longer us living Lord but Lord you living in us oh God and testifying of yourself in our lives oh father by manifesting the life of Jesus Christ in the midst of challenges and stressions that Lord oh God of our salvation we may be in position heavenly father to bear even much more fruit oh God how you have promised heavenly father p us heavenly father wash us heavenly father cleanse us heavenly father and make us fully whole wholly yielded to You holy father in your hearts in the name of Jesus. And as you said oh God that if we are in your word and your word is in us oh God how we shall bear much fruit Lord. It's our honest prayer Lord that you may help us heavenly father to multiply oh God our flutation Lord in the name of Jesus Christ our dedication oh God our commitment at you Lord. Oh God, our yearning, our thirsting, our hungering. Lord, more and more may be increased. Lord, help us in this day we are living in that the devil may take an opportunity in our lives. Oh God, to lead us, to mislead us, oh God, and to make us go astray, Lord, but give us the grace in the day we are living it to live the life of Jesus Christ and to be in position to overcome. Help each and every one of us, Lord, for we have need of your heavenly father. We worship you, Lord. We glorify your name. We mag. You are so worthy, Lord Jesus. You are so awesome, heavenly father. For the name of the Lord is a strong and mighty tower and a righteous. Run into it and safe Lord. And Lord, we bless you, Lord. We love you, heavenly father. We honor thee, Lord. Be gracious unto us, Father, in every weakness we go through, Lord. Give us the strength to overcome in the name of Jesus Christ that you may rise us up out of all our afflictions Lord. You may raise us up God out of all our infirmities oh God and every stress that encompass around us that we may be in a position to overcome them. You are worthy Lord Jesus Christ. You are holy heavenly father and you are more than ever Lord. So we depend on you Lord and we glorify your holy name. Be gracious and be merciful unto us Lord. And father we pray in the name of Jesus Christ you may help all the children of God remembering those who are sick and afflicted that Lord you may touch them you may heal them. You may deliver them Lord. Oh God for you said by your stripes you were healed and we pray that your hand of healing may reach unto everyone in the name of Jesus Christ that your grace may be abandoned for each and every one of us. We love you and we thank you father. Lord we pray may bless also the meetings tomorrow. Father all the outreach is going to happen tomorrow Lord may you anoint all the ministers going to meet and use them in such special way that your grace may go father be all these meetings in the name of Jesus Christ even Lord praying father for the meetings over the weekend praying that again you may speak to our hearts as we come back on Sunday revealing yourself to us manifesting yourself to us and showing us the path that we have to take how we need you and how we love you Lord and father even as we've come to the end of this service we are praying heavenly father as we all travel back home. May you lead us, Lord. May you guide us, Lord. Praying for those to come today that you may bless them, may watch over them and meet all their needs. Heavenly Father, watch over all the children at schools, Lord. Keeping them all safe and secure, Lord. Grant to bless us, Lord. Opening doors, Father, even Lord, where we need your grace and your mercies, Lord, and your deliverance, Lord. We worship you, Lord. We adore you, Lord. Glorify and magnify your holy name forever, Lord. Thank you for this day, Lord. Thank you for this service. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray this. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come the end of the service. On Sunday, we shall be having only one service. Amen. So, just as we go out, song 221. Amen. Till we meet. Amen. God be with you. Till we meet again. Christ guide and hold you with his ship sanctuary for you. God be with you till we meet again. Till we meet. [Music] Till we meet. Till we meet at Jesus feet. Hallelu. Till we meet. [Music] Till we meet [Music] you. [Music]
