################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - How Do We Overcome    Bro Talenga Wilson     23.04.2025 - Talenga Wilson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   How Do We Overcome  |  Bro Talenga Wilson  |   23.04.2025
Speaker: Talenga Wilson
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcT0x_YQM9U
========================================

Sweeter of breath. Sweeter of prayer that calls me from a world of care and beat me up my father thron and make all I once said we chase known in seasons of distress and grief my soul has ofen found [Music] relief and of escape [Music] thousand sweet press Sweet thou all friends, sweet friends, the joy I feel, the bliss I share. of those who areious [Music] spirit with strong dise [Music] With such I stand to the place [Music] well the sun shows his face and blindly take I station them and wait for thee. Sweet time of pray. Sweet of prayer. [Music] Sweeter of prayer, thy wings shall my deed shar through him who truth and faithfulness engage [Music] Awaiting soul to bless and [Music] se me his face. live his word and trust his grace. I'll cast for him. My [Music] every sweet [Music] friend, let us bow down our heads. Lord Jesus, we thank you Lord God for this evening. We thank you Lord Jesus for the time you've given us Lord to gather together Lord God to gather to the word of God. Help us Lord Jesus and bless us Lord and anoint Father our ears Lord that whatever we are going to hear Lord Jesus may be a blessings Lord Jesus to our souls Lord as the spirit says he that has an ear let him hear what the spirit says Lord Jesus we know Lord God we've got a spiritual ear Lord may you Lord God speak Lord through your servant Lord whom whom you've provided. And I pray Lord Jesus may you sanctify our lips Lord as we sing Father the songs of worship, the songs of praise, the songs of Lord Jesus worship Lord. I pray Lord Jesus as we draw nigh Lord Jesus to thy table Lord. May you receive each and everyone Lord. May you bless Lord Jesus your children Lord and God offload their burdens Lord Jesus as they've come before you Lord let them be free Lord Jesus from the cares of this world from the pressures Lord which has risen Father Lord God thank you for providing there Lord Jesus their needs Lord Jesus thank you father for staying with them ever Lord And I pray Lord Jesus as those some are coming Lord Jesus to hear the word may you first in their footsteps Lord Jesus as they draw nigh Lord to thy sanctuary Lord I thank you Jesus as we continue Lord Jesus in expectation Lord may you reveal yourself to us Lord as we open up our service in Jesus's name Lord I pray amen Let us sing that song. Standing on the promises. stars standing on the promises of Christ my king through eternal ages. Let his praises ring. Glory in the highest I will shout and sing. Standing on the promises of [Music] you. Standing standing on the promises of Christ my savior. Standing. Standing. [Music] I am standing on the [Music] promise. Hello. Give me another [Music] key. Give me another key. This one is stressing. [Music] Standing on the promises that cannot fail. When the holding storms of doubt unfails our save by the living word of God, I shall prevail. Standing on the promises of God. I am standing. [Music] Standing standing on the promises of Christ my savior. Standing [Music] standing. I am standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises I now can see. Perfect present in new life for me. Standing in the liberty where Christ makes free. Standing on the promises of glory. I am standing. I'm [Music] standing standing on the promises of God my savior. [Music] Standing standing. I am standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord. Bound to him eternally lies love strong over coming day with the spirit sword standing on the promise of God. I am standing standing standing on the promises of Christ my savior. [Music] Standing standing I am standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises I cannot fall. Standing on the promises I can not fall. Listening every moment to the spirit small. Resting in my savior as my only standing on the promises of good. I am standing I'm standing [Music] standing on the promises of Christ my savior. Standing, [Music] standing. I am standing on the promises of God. I am resolved no longer to linger. Jump by the words he things that are no things that are hide my side. Hallelujah. I will I to him. I stand so glad. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, greatest highest I will come to thee. I am resolved to go. I am resolved to go to the Savior living my sin and [Music] strife. He the true one. He the just one. He has the word of life. Hallelujah. I will stay to I stand so glad and free Jesus. Great is highest. I will come to thee. Amen. Give him a hand of praise. We will hust to him. Amen. Husten so gladly and free. Let us sing that song higher ground as we take some few minutes to talk to him as we prepare to hear the word. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on him. in stable [Music] land, a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. We are pressing on. I'm pressing on. What [Music] way? You hide some gay meaning every day. still praying us. I'm [Music] onward. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart, my heart has no desire to stay. Let doubts [Music] arise and fears dismay. [Music] No m where this are abound. My bre my aim is [Music] higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me [Music] stand by faith on him. and stable land, a higher plane than I have found. Don't lift me to [Music] higher ground. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you for the hand, the uplifting hand. Lord Jesus, your hands are not shortened, Lord. Father, Lord Jesus, you said when you see one sheep going and stray, you leave the 99s aside and you search, Lord, for that one, for the hundth. Lord, I pray Lord Jesus, I know, Lord God, you have a a saving hand and that hand is not shortened, Lord. I pray, Lord Jesus, for our lives, Lord, for our salvation, Lord. May we, Father, have a joy of our salvation. May we continue Lord Jesus moving on a higher ground expecting more of a Lord expecting much revelations Lord being refilled again Lord more new mercies every morning Lord Jesus oh God because we cannot Lord Jesus depend on Father what yesterday was Lord Jesus we depend on what the Lord is doing. I pray Lord Jesus Christ as we walk on words Lord as we wait upon thee Lord may you Lord Jesus continue father putting your mighty hand upon us Lord that Lord Jesus it may be seen that you will lift us Lord on your shoulders Lord where there is strength Lord because father we as we are weak Lord we are perfected Lord Jesus in your strength Lord that's why we sing and say oh let the weak say I am strong because Jehovah The hand of Jehovah is upon your people. I pray Lord Jesus your presence Lord availth much Lord. And we know Lord Jesus we are so conscious father that you are here with us Lord because this is where Father the cacus is about. And Lord God where the cass is there is father the eagles. And where there are eagles father there is mother eagle. And we know father you are the eagle lord Jesus. The mother eagle. Lord. I pray Lord Jesus Christ as we you know father approach the preaching of the word may you Lord Jesus take father Lord unclean spirits away from us Lord and Lord Jesus where there is doubt Lord may you build it Lord Jesus to become the faith Lord of Jesus Christ because our faith Lord it is it may it moves Lord Jesus for a short time Lord but father once the faith of Jesus is in upon is in our hearts Lord Jesus we are going to move on father lord until our day of redemption. That's why the scripture says whosoever shall persevere or whosoever shall be you know endure to the end the same shall be saved. I pray Lord Jesus. May you father Lord Jesus save your people Lord from the pressures of the world from the cares Lord Jesus what they will eat father maybe the rents Lord maybe school fees of Father maybe the transport Lord the daily transport Lord you said we seek first the kingdom of God then the rest shall follow. May you father Lord enlighten Lord that spirit in our lives Lord that it may be a living father episode Lord we thank you that the world may see us Lord that we are blessed of our Lord we love you Lord we appreciate you in Jesus's name Lord we pray amen we receive the minister let's sing and say thou my everlasting portion amen Okay. Thou my everlasting portion more than friend. All life to me. All alone. My pilgrim journey. Savior, let me walk with thee. Not for is not for ease. Oh worldly preures, not fulfill my pre. Gladly will I join and suffer only let me walk close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. As the preacher comes, we are joy and suffer. Only let me walk. Lead me through the veil of shadows. [Music] again of life [Music] et close soothing. to thee. Close to thee. Then the gates of life eternal know may I end the Lord. Glor close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. May the kings of life. [Music] May I Lord we lead me through the veil of shadows. Lead me through the pain of shadow. Oh Lord, bear me over life to see in [Music] darkness. Oh [Music] life may I lord close to thee. Close to the Oh my Lord. Close to thee, oh Lord. Close to thee, my Lord. Close to thee. May the G of life. [Music] May I precious heavenly father, we are so grateful Lord to be in your presence this evening. It's our humble prayer that you may lead us through the valley, the shadows of death that Lord even when death appears before us that we may have the confidence, the courage to face it knowing that you are with us and you're close to us. That's the prayer of everyone this evening, Lord. that you may always walk close to us, Father, as we walk close to you. Give us that special grace, that even when we wander far away from you, that we may always listen to the still small voice that calls us to come back home. that we may continue a closer walk with you until we cross over. Oh God, I commit myself tonight. And Lord, I commit my spirit that Father, it may be aligned to thy thought that you may align my spirit and your thought. As I yield, Father, to be used as a vessel, you speak the purchase of blood. These are a worthy people that you have purchased with your own blood. And it takes your blood, oh God, to sanctify me and cleanse me that I may be presented worthy that I may be presented worthy to speak your word tonight. I therefore pray, Father, that through your blood, oh God, you may hide me behind this veil, and hide me, oh God, that you may come to the surface and do the speaking of thy word this. I pray for every soul tonight that you may bless them, those that are struggling to overcome may give them the courage and the strength to stand like Joshua to stand still like Joshua to be see the salvation of the Lord. Bless us Lord as we listen thy word that this word may be born in the maj of our hearts to help us live worthy of the gospel of Jesus Christ. I commit it all to you in the most precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. and are you happy to be here this evening? Amen. It's such a great evening and we appreciate God for once again the opportunity for us to be gathered here to share about his word. Amen. Amen. I don't know what to speak to you tonight, but I trust that the Lord is gracious and he knows each one of our prayers and each of our needs and he shall speak to our needs this evening. Amen. Amen. We want to appreciate God for our pastor. Amen. He's behind there. Amen. Amen. So let's turn to the book of Revelations chapter 3 and read verse 20 to 21. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I'll come into him and will s with him and he with me. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and I'm set down with my father in his throne. Let's turn to John 16:33. These things I have spoken unto you, that in me you might have peace. In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. May the Lord bless his word. We may all be seated. Amen. Amen. So I want to share with you on the text, how do we overcome? It's a question. How do we overcome? And overcoming many things. overcoming troubles, overcoming trials, overcoming persecutions, overcoming sickness, overcoming sin, how do we overcome? So now Jesus when he was speaking to the church ages In Revelation 3 where we read, he said, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I'll come to him. I'll come into him. Praise the Lord. And will s with him and he with me." So he gives us the first answer to open the doors of our hearts. Praise the Lord that if you hear the voice, if you hear the word, if you hear the voice of the Lord speaking, he said it is I standing at the door. Jesus Christ. And then he said, "You don't just hear when you open the door of your heart. I will come into you and I will s with you and you with me. And then says to him who has heard, who has opened the door, who has listened, who allowed me in. And to him that overcomes, I will grant him to sit with me in my throne. So it starts with hearing the voice. It starts with obedience to the voice. It starts by welcoming the Lord in our lives. Praise the Lord. But how do we overcome? We cannot overcome on our on our own because we are weak. We can be beatated. Praise the Lord. We can only overcome by Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. And now in John 16:33 he say remember I have these things I have spoken unto you that in me you might have peace. So now when we open the door and then he comes in and he settles in then he gives us the peace because he becomes the master of our lives where everything is under control because he lives within. So now he said that when that happens you will have peace because you have me and you are in me and in the world you shall have tribulation. It's not saying that when you come to me you'll be free from tribulations from troubles. You'll be free from troubles. The troubles will still be there. The troubles will still come. But the most important thing here is for us to be in him, when we are in him and the troubles are all around us. have that peace because we know that he that lives in us is greater and stronger than he that is causing troubles in the world. He says in me you shall have peace and in the world you shall have tribulation but be of good cheer. Why? Because I have overcome the world. So now how do we overcome? We overcome because Jesus Christ overcome the world for us. If you're able to overcome, I am able to overcome. I have him in my life. So as long as he's in my life, I have the capacity and ability to overcome the world. First John 4:4 of God little children. You are of You are of God little children. You can read that scripture 1 John 4:4 and have overcome them. You've overcome all the trials. You overcome sin. You overcome temptation. sickness and all them things. Why? Not because you are powerful. Not because you are born stronger, but simply because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. He says in the world you shall suffer. As long as you're in the world, suffering shall come. But again, as long as you have me, you have peace because I have overcome. I never said, "I've overcome some of them." He never said, "I've overcome some of them." He said, "I have overcome." He literally overcame everything. Praise the Lord. He overcame every challenge. He overcame every temptation. Jesus overcame everything that will ever happen to us in the world. As long as we are of him, as long as we are in him, we overcome them. We have the ability to overcome, not by power, not by might, but by the spirit that dwelleth in us. Praise the living God. And I want to read here in the message, the communion 1957. And it's a good thing that men and women of this earth stop in livong travel stop in life's long travel they as they walking along that you you pause and talk it with and talk it over with Jesus as you are going through the troubles. What Jesus said, in me shall have peace, but the troubles will still come. Praise the Lord. Will you have peace in the world you shall have tribulation in the world you shall have suffering in the world. You shall face battles. Praise the Lord. He said, "As long as you have me, There shall be peace. It shall prevail in your heart because you know you have the warrior. The one that fights all the battles that are coming. Now here the prophet says. It's a good thing that in these battles in these challenges that we stop over in life and then we start talk it over with Jesus. and then you speak with him. Why? Because that's where we draw our peace. That's where we draw our assurance. If we are able to overcome these troubles that come our way. Why? Because he said it. It is thus says the Lord that what Jesus spoke and every word that he spoke never fails. That's why the prophet says the troules shall come. But in the midst of the rage, we ought to stop over. You pause and then remember is Jesus in your life. Then you carry it over and start to speak with him about it. And then you begin to have communion with him in a fellowship. Then the battle begins. Praise the Lord. He said, "But when you have me, the battles will come." So the Bible says then when you stop over and start having communion with Christ where where we started from behold I stand at the door and knock. Now when you open the door of your heart and then you he comes in then he gives you the peace and the assurance and then his peace rules over. The enemy is not satisfied because he has lost you. So he has to fight so hard to pull you over back to the world. That's why the Bible says in me you have peace. But yet in the world there shall be tribulations. The enemy does not want to lose you. He still chases over you. If he looks over you says the children of God, we are going to assemble together. Satan also went with them. And then he saw a one job who was a faithful servant, perfect. Praise the Lord. said I have to go over him. So each time we are gathering, each time we open the doors of our hearts in Satan is always chasing after us. He chases after your family. He chases after your salvation. He chases after your job. Praise the Lord. says after your peace take away that peace. Praise the Lord. Now the prophet says the moment Christ comes in then the test the battle begins. The battle of testing because there is a battle between the two. There is always a white dog and a black dog. The prophet preached that message. Praise the Lord. The black one is always there also wants to feed from your table. But the white one is also there also wants to feed from your table. And as long as we are in this bodies, that still continues. In me shall have peace. In the world you shall have tribulation. Because the devil has to look after you to fight to make sure that he takes you back. He says battles begin testing and trying. Every son that comes to God must be tested. But how do we overcome them? by the blood of the lamb, by the power of the testimony, the testimony that he lives in us. Praise the Lord. overcome him by the blood of the lamb and the testimony that he lives. The testimony of Jesus Christ lives in us. The testimony that he that lives in us is stronger than he that is the world. He that lives in us is stronger than the battles that come our way. That's how we are able to overcome. Let's talk about Joshua. After Moses had died, God appointed him and God visited him. And in 1:1, after the death of Moses, the servant of the Lord, it came to pass that the Lord spoke unto Joshua, the son of Non, Moses's minister, saying Moses my servant is dead. Now therefore arise, go over this Jordan, thou and all these people, and to the land which I do give to them, even to the children of Israel. That's the word of the Lord. It came to Joshua. And in verse three, he gives him the promise. The way he has given us the promise. Praise the Lord. That in the world we shall have tribulation. We are in him. We have peace and then he give us another assurance that we have overcome the world because he has overcome for us. Then he is here giving a promise unto Joshua. He says every place that the soul of th of your foot shall tread upon that I have given unto you as I did unto Moses. from the wilderness and this Lebanon, even unto the great river, all the land of the Hittites, and unto the great sea toward the going down of the sun. There shall not any man be able to stand before you all the days of your life. [Music] That is a promise. Praise the Lord. How was he going to take conquer the land? He was going the land upon the promise that God had given. God had given a promise and he spoke to him the promise and says as I was with Moses I will be with you I will not fail you nor forsake you and then says you have heard this promise now be strong and of good courage for unto these people shall thou provide an inheritance the land. Be of good courage. Be strong. Praise the Lord overcome them because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Therefore, when trouble comes, when when pain comes, When sickness comes, when troubles come and trials come, be strong and of good courage. Why? Because he has given us the promise that we overcome them because he is in us. So now the question is, have you received him? So now if you have received him as your personal savior, Jesus that promise that as long as you have me, you shall overcome the world. Only be thou strong and of good courage. Only be thou strong and very courageous that thou may observe to do according to the law. Listen, God gave a promise and he had given the promise to Moses. It was the same promise had been given to Abraham. Praise the Lord. 400 years before this generation and God was was maintaining the same promise. The same promise he spoke to Abraham, the same promise that he spoke to Moses and now Moses is gone. God never changed his promise. He maintained the same promise when he was speaking to Joshua. But then he tells Joshua, only be thou strong and very courageous, that you may open to do according to all the law which Moses thy servant commanded thee. through you shall overcome the world. But how will you overcome the world? Praise the Lord. Not because you know the word. Not because you know the message, not because you've heard the message. Praise the Lord. Because you have him in your life. And then you observe to do according to his word. How you have faith in the word says only be thou strong and very courageous. How do you exercise your strength is to maintain calmness and to keep your face in the finished work in the midst of the storms. He says, "Only be thou strong and courageous that you may observe to do according to the law. Turn not from it to the right of the left that thou may prosper." Praise the Lord. And then he says, "Have I not commanded thee? Have I not commanded?" Verse 9. Therefore, be strong. Have I not spoken unto thee that you have overcome the world? Because he that is in you is greater than he that is in the world. Therefore, be strong and of good courage. Be not afraid. In me shall have peace. In the world you shall face tribulations, in the midst of these tribulations, remain my word. Have I not commanded you? Have I not given you the promise? Praise the Lord. You shall overcome because I live in you and I am greater than he that is in the world. That's the same thing he was speaking to Joshua. The first gives us the promise. He gives us the promise. He gives us the word. And after he has given us his promise, he sets us up. Praise the Lord. Now he's very sure that by the same promise and the word which he has given unto us, we are able to overcome the world. Why? Because each time trouble comes. We have our reference point when battles rage. We have our reference point. And what is the reference point? The reference point is the word of God. And what does the word of God say? Little children. Be of good courage. You have overcome the world. Because he that lives in you is greater than he that is in the world. Praise the Lord. Which amount of travel can fail our faith. Which amount of problem? Which amount of challenge? Praise the Lord. Amount of testing can fail our faith in the word. He has provided for all of it. Praise the Lord. still read in this message as I was with Moses 1960. I want you to notice what taken place. Joshua when he come to his first campaign to prove that he was the real Joshua. Israel ought to have known that no doubt had a different idea. The clergy they said they said now we will now just come here until springtime. We'll just come here until springtime or till summer time. The Jordan will go down and look like God throws some of the most foolish things in front of the spiritual Joshua. brought him before brought him there in the month of of April. April in the month of April when the Jordan was three or four times in its size, he was trying him to see if he really was the the Joshua. Let everything go wrong. Let everybody else prosper. Let the others prosper. Let the men who have a form of godliness. Deny the power thereof prosper and shove you back. um prosper and shove you back. But if you know where you stand, you will surely stand regardless. If the world, the whole world turns you down, you will stand just the same, you won't b from the word. Amen. Because you have received the word and you know your position in the word. You know what the word says about your life. You know what the word says about your troubles. You know what the word says about your sickness. I am the Lord God that health all your diseases. Praise the Lord. I am the Lord God. Come because I am with you. So you know your position and if you will stand you know exactly where to stand. You will stand regardless of what the world says about you. You'll stand just the same and you won't vary from the word. Praise the living God. He says Joshua reached over Jordan after now he has moved over and says it was around April when the river was overflowing and the river was raging. Praise the Lord. Now it was a testing moment, testing the faiths of people and to also prove whether this is the real Joshua that the word of the Lord had come unto these troubles will come in a perfect season. Praise the Lord. proves whether you are the elect. God has chosen by his word to prove whether you will stand the test of time with the word as your reference point with the word as your anchor. So when sin arises, when the battles arise, when challenges arise, you are coming to try out your faith and your stand in the word to prove whether you it is the real you in which the Lord dwelleth. And now Joshua, he held fast the word which God spoke to him. He was led by the word and he let the word lead him. So what did he do? He closed his ears of the noise of the people. The people looked at the river. Oh, it was overflowing. We cannot cross over there. And the prophet somewhere he said there were great men there were great engineers in the group and says maybe they came and spoke to Joshua and said Joshua we know the principle we have studied this physics very well. The moment you put your foot in there, the rivers will sweep you over. We can sit and wait until Jordan rise and he shall cross over. That is what was in their mind because it is what the world had taught them. Joshua, he had been taught different. He had given a promise and the promise was that he had to cross over Jordan anyhow. When sickness comes your way when trouble comes your way to look at it differently. You cannot get over this cancer. And it is it is already known that there's no choice for cancer. Yet you have a different teaching. You have a promise that I am the Lord God. Heals all your diseases. By my stripes you are healed. So now where will you stand in the that moment of time? You know where exactly to stand like Joshua, you choose to stand with the word of God and stand with the promise that God has given in his word. Whatever that strikes your way when you in luck and now the rest of the people are prospering like the prophet said, You get dismayed in your heart. And maybe the rest of the group with which you have grown up with or studied with maybe they have all got jobs and they are doing greatly well and then you look at yourself and then you look like you are you you are defeated. Praise the Lord. God is not caring. Maybe he has put you at a spot to increase and prove your faith in his words. Where will you stand? Praise the Lord. School fees and the time has come for exams. You have no school fees. Your children are being sent from from from school. Where will your faith stand? Praise the Lord. We have only one position. We have one reference point in the midst of all these troubles and that is the unfailing word of God. Say the word, he shall keep the word. Only be thou strong be thou courageous. Turn not away from this promise. Turn not away from this word because it is your anchor. Joshua stood with the word. Even when they shouted at him, he looked at them because he personally had received this word from God. You personally, you personally receive this promise. You have a personal experience with the word. You know how God has helped you maneuver all life. And now he has built a testimony in your life. And now when this trouble comes, even if it is too big, you look at what God has done for you. Praise the Lord and you build a confidence in his word to know that the same, the same God who helped you over the other is the same that shall help you over this one. And they overcame him. by the blood of the lamb, by the power of their testimony. Every small thing that God does in our lives is a testimony, help us overcome the challenges of tomorrow. And the prophet says, "The Jordan was three or four times in size. looking. But Joshua said, God said within three days, he was very confident. God said in his word, within three days, we are going over and we are going over. He referenced the word. Praise the Lord. God said to me, "In 3 days, we shall go over." And then he convinced himself. I said, "If God said in three days, we shall go over. Yes, we are going to go over." If God said that you shall overcome, he never said that today you'll overcome but tomorrow you will not. Say one word and you shall overcome. Surely you shall overcome. That is the assurance that we can have that builds our faith in the finished work of Calvary to know that there is one who has gone before us who has fought for us who overcame for us and now he brings us a finished work. So when we take up this work and believe this finished work, there is no mountain that shall stand before us. Praise the Lord. Jesus was tempted and he overcame in Matthew chapter 4. We read about him. The devil came and tempted him two times. And each time he came, Jesus knew who he was. But he never told him, "I am a believer of the gospel. I'm a believer of the message. Don't you know that I'm a believer?" Because Satan knew that Jesus was a son of God. There was no point for Jesus to speak about himself. But he knew only one thing. that the devil can never challenge and that is the word. So how did Jesus overcome him? Overame Satan by the word. He referred to him to the word because it is the unfailing word of God. And when Satan saw that Jesus referred to the word, he was defeated and then he left him. And in verse 11 of Matthew chapter 4, never left him. Why? Because Jesus knew his position. He knew his position in a word. He was the word. I never told Satan. I don't tell that I am the word. No, but he referred to him to the word because the word of God stands forever. This is what Joshua said. said to me, "In three days, we shall have to cross over. And whether you speak what the river is raging, he's saying to me, I will cross over regardless of the of the rage, he shall set a standard for me. I will cross over. You will overcome the temptation. You will overcome sin. You will overcome sickness. Why? Because he said you'll overcome. Not because you are so strong, not because you're a good believer, not because you have a good character, not because of a good ster, but because he said so, you will overcome. only be strong and be thou courageous and keep the word and turn away not from it. You shall see your success. That's right. Jesus let the word fight for the de fight the devil. He never explained this and the other and in the like manner. We are public so often by the trials, persecutions and failures in life. But we should never give up. For we have the one who overcame all these trials and failures for us. 2 Corinthians 4:8. We are trled on every side. We are trled on every sight. Yet not distressed. Sorry. The troubles will come. We can't stop them from coming. But Paul says, "Yet not [Music] distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair, persecuted, but not forsaken. Sometimes we are cast down but yet not destroyed. always bearing about in the body, the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. For we which live are already delivered unto death for Jesus's sake. But the life also of Jesus may be made manifest in our mortal flesh. So then death workketh in us but life in you. Praise the Lord. That's why he says you are troubled on every sight. that you are not distressed. You are persecuted but not forsaken. And says we having the same spirit of faith according as it is written. I believed and therefore have I spoken. We also believe and therefore speak. We believe that we have overcome the world. And we believe that he that is in us is greater than the troubles that come our way. And if we believe, so do we speak. And if we speak, so do we possess it. Because it was spoken for us. It shall come to pass, as it is written, knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall rise up as also by Jesus and shall present us with you. We overcome because he lives in us. We overcome because he said it is finished. And all power was delivered unto him. So when he has done resurrecting and before he was taken up, he told the disciples, all power is given unto me. All authority is given unto unto me. Who? Jesus Christ. And now if he lives in us, all that power lives in us. All that authority lives in us. Speak to the situation with authority. speak to sin with authority because all the authority that Jesus had dwells in us because he lives in us. Praise the Lord and he overcomes the world. He overcomes the world and he lives in us. Praise the Lord. So even when Satan comes so many times, even when Satan comes so many times to persecute, to cause distress, to cause worry, to cause failures, we have the assurance that he that lives in us is greater and he will always help us to overcome. We are a great people. We are so great. And that's what the Bible talks about us that all the great men you talk about in the Bible talk about Moses, God came down and spoke to him. But yet Moses without us, he shall not be perfected. Talk about Abraham Melisedc came and met him and spoke with him in the tent. He cannot be perfected. Talk about Noah. Praise the Lord. Talk about Jacob. man who wrestled and overcame God would not be perfected without us. So now we have such a great treasure that by all means we shall have to overcome. There is no another route for us to fail. He's called us by his word. And he called us to his word. And he has called us to perfection by us. Those gallant soldiers, the great prophets of old. Talk about Joshua himself. Talk about Adam. Talk about Elijah. Elisha. Ezekiel. Daniel, David, Nehemiah, Daniel, all those great men of [Applause] old. The Bible says in Hebrews without us, they cannot be perfected. So that gives us the assurance that we have to overcome. Surely we shall overcome. because it is a promise. He is in us. And then what shall we say about the things if he dwells in us and if that God who dwells in us is for us who can be against us. It is he that spared not his own son but delivered him up for us. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Who shall lay anything judge of God is elect? It is God that justifies. Who is he that condemns? It is Christ that died. Yeah. Rather that is risen again who is even at the right hand of God. Who shall then separate us if he has come down like he said I have overcome the world and because I have overcome the world you also overcome. Praise the Lord. If he left the heavens, hung up on the cross and he was made shame for us. So every trouble, every sin, every weakness, every failure was cast upon him upon the cross. Now he bore all the shame And every pain, sickness that there is in the world was pushed upon him upon the cross. Even death himself, was cast upon him upon the cross when he breathed his last. First of all, he couldn't breathe his last until it was all finished. Until you are done overcoming all your troubles, until every weakness in your body, dealt with. He couldn't breathe his lust. Then when it was all cast upon him until it was too dirty, our sins, our failures, our sickness, our pains, our sorrows, all of them after they were all cast upon him, it became so dirty, his shame was too dirty for nature to behold. old. Praise the Lord. And that's why at that time when it was all gathered and cast upon him, the the sun took took down its light. The stars took down their light because they could not afford looking at the shame that you and I were to bear. But thank God that he took it all. And upon the cross he then breathe it is finished. It is finished. All your troubles are finished. All your shame are finished. So now you know where to stand right. You stand right at the finished work of Calvary and every bit of it. Not because of your power but because it was finished at Calvary. That's why he says when uh when when Paul was taken up in the spirit and we looked at the glories of God, we looked at the elect of God, how precious she is. Then who shall separate us? That love of God that is with Christ. Tribulation, shall distress, shall persecution, shall famine, shall nakedness, bur or swat, as it is written, for thy sake, we are killed all day long. And then he says, nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors. not on our own through him that loved us. Praise the Lord. Nothing shall separate us from that love. He did upon the cross. Then it was not over. He took out, he drained out all his blood and then he brought it and put it upon the altar and says, "I know In the world, you shall face persecution. You'll be persecuted. You'll be condemned. I have placed the blood upon the altar. And each time you get stained, come back upon the altar, wash and get clean, and come back again. So he provided for all. What shall we then say? If he loved us, what shall we then say that can separate us? The love of God in Christ Jesus. Praise the Lord. He saw so many people that went through distress and yet they overcame. And we overcome because he overcame. He overcome because at the cross he overcame. Then on the day of Pentecost once again condescended he came and dwelt in us. So that great God, the creator of the universe, the great I am, the Alpha and the Omega, omega, the one who took his blood upon the cross and allowed it to die for us. He took it up. Praise the Lord. He selected it and gave it life. He that paid a sacrifice. He that paid the sacrifice, praise the Lord, whose blood cleanses us, he that overcame for us. He is our God. He is our friend. He is the war captain. He fights the battles. Joshua, stand still. I will go before you. I will fight for you. I will overcome for you. I will conquer the Canonites, over the Heivites, cover the Jebites, all your enemies. Any enemy in your life, God can come before your life. Stand still. I shall go before you. As long as we let him go before us, he shall overcome for us. And we shall overcome every trouble that comes our way. When there's trouble in our lives, you bring it and you give it to him and says, "Father, who lives in me, not he that lives far, but father who lives in me, there is trouble here, but yet you promise that you shall go before me." Allow yourself to go before me. That's what said he never allowed people before the ark of the Lord said the ark go before them the word of God to go before you promise of the Lord go before you situation as long as God is in the lead he shall overcome. come and you shall overcome because he that is in you has overcome the world. How do we overcome the world? Because he that lives in us has overcome the world. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. I'll set the forum for the song leader lead us in worship. Amen. Do you believe him? Do you believe he has overcome for us? So there is no question for our victory. Nobody can question your victory because God already overcame for us. Amen. [Music] Let us sing that song. Leave it there for the Lord. Amen. As the Lord is leading for us, we just follow song number uh 300 uh 113. 113 I think. Yeah. If a word from you withhold of it silver and it's gold and you have to get along with a manger fell. Just remember in his word how he feeds the little bird. Take your bens to the Lord and leave it there. It leave it there. Take your to the Lord and leave it [Music] there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. If your body suffers pain, if your body suffers pain and your health, you can't regain and your soul is almost seeking in despair. Jesus knows the pain you feel. Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your bance to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your body to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it. When there are enemies around you, when your eneies are [Music] silent, he will make a way for you. He will lead you safely slow. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Just leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your bance to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your bance to the Lord. When your youthful days are gone and will youthful days are gone, health you can't regain. Oh, and your body bends beneath the weight of care. He will never leave you then. He will go with you to the end. Take your bance to the L and leave it. Yes. Leave it there. Leave it there. I live with them. Take your bance to the Lord. Leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your bings to the Lord and leave it there. Let us sing and say um Jesus is passing. Let him not pass. Let us be like that blind buttermayas. pass me not to gentle [Music] somar [Music] cry while another Now calling would not pass me. Sing and say let me at thy throne of mercy. Let me th of [Music] mine. Find a sweet relief in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Feeling the [Music] inepression. Help my hand be like blind buttermayas. Savior. [Music] Savior [Laughter] save. Hear my humble cry. [Music] I on the word call. Jesus do not trust me. Only trust in his merit. trusting only in thy mer would I seek thy face. Thy seek thy face. Heal my wounded broken spirit. Heal my own broken spirit. Save me. Save me by thy grace. Call on Savior. [Music] Savior, my Lord, Sin, Savior Jesus, my humble, humble [Laughter] [Music] cry, why Lord, But go [Music] Jesus would pass by me. He is the spring of all our comfort. Thou the spring of all my God. You're more than life to me, my savior. More than life to me. Whom do I have on earth? My savior. Whom have I earth? Neither in heaven. Hallelujah. [Music] in heaven. Jesus. Jesus is the [Music] savior. Saveior. Oh Lord, save. as you prepare to speak to him. Hear my humble cry. [Music] Oh why Lord never thou art what [Music] calling. Do not pass me by. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you Lord Jesus for this evening. What a fellowship Lord. What a love divine Lord to see Lord Jesus that your love is unfailing love. Oh God, as Paul has said, what can separate us from the love of God? What can take us away Lord Jesus from uh the word of God? Will it be perious times? Will it be testings of life? Will it be distresses, persecutions, Lord, nakedness or peril? Lord Jesus Christ, we are Lord Jesus know that we are more than able Lord God to follow thy word. We are more than able Lord Jesus not to backslide Lord because the prophet Lord said that this second Eve will not fall. He has come into perfection. Behold the l the bride of God has prepared herself is ready to receive the bridegroom Lord Jesus Christ. Those are the promises of the word. Those are the you know father promises which make us Lord push on which make us continue in the ways of God. Lord Jesus Christ may you come and lead us oh God. May you come and Lord Jesus lead us the way. Oh God show us the way Lord like Philip said show us the way. He wanted to be Lord Jesus in your presence. He wanted to lead he wanted him you Christ to lead them Lord. That's why he said, "Show us the way." And Lord, you said you are the way and you are the truth. You are the life. Lord Jesus Christ, this evening, Lord, we've come into the, you know, the blood of the of the lamb. We've come, Lord Jesus, in the anointing, Father, of the spirit of God, renewing us every day, always staying in the presence of God. Praise you Lord Jesus. Partaking father Lord God of your goodness having father the peace of God not like the world gives but what you give is the peace which passes all understanding which the world cannot comprehend. Oh God Jesus, you gave us that peace Lord where we can be happy Lord whether we are poor in our conditions where whether we are not educated Lord whether we've not succeeded in life Lord whether Lord Jesus in whatever Lord kind of life condition Lord we have the peace which passes all understanding we have the peace which passes all our condition Lord the understanding father of the surrounding Lord we thank you Jesus Jesus because you've never left us alone. You've given us yourself, Lord. We thank you, Jesus. Thou art everlasting portion. You are more than life to us, Lord. Oh Lord Jesus, walk a closer walk with us, Lord. Like you walked with Enoch. We thank you, Jesus. I commit, Father, Lord God, the service into your hands. May you enlighten your goodness upon it, Lord. That Lord Jesus, it may bring fruitable fruits of the Holy Spirit. We thank you Jesus that we may yield the fruit of the spirit oh God as we go out father we know the Lord has spoken to us and the will of God is that we abide in his presence is that we always husten to him that we may be able Lord Jesus to have that resolution that we will not forsake him we will not Lord let you down help us Lord sometimes we go astray sometimes we we fall short of your glory. Sometimes Lord, we come Lord God and away us Lord. But L yet the spirit of God is always on his promises. What he promised the prophet is to do it with us Lord. I know Lord God as you started the promise you are going with it Lord. You've never forsaken Lord your promise. You've never forgotten Lord because you are not human to forget what you've said. Your word cannot go void father unless it does what the purpose of it was. I thank you Jesus because Lord you are faithful and true. You are the alpha and omega the usher you know you you initiated father you are the author of our salvation and he who started the good work in us is the same who is going to bring it unto completion. Lord we thank you Jesus. We yield Lord our faith unto you. We yield Lord our spirit unto you. We yield you Lord Jesus our little strength Lord. We yield Father our bodies these vile bodies Lord full of temptations full of weaknesses full of shame Lord. But Lord Jesus we come before you by the finished work of Calvary. That's why Lord we present our bodies Lord before your presence Lord that you may sprinkle on us Lord clean waters and the pre and that is the preaching of your word and the prophet says the blood as the Bible so says the blood of Jesus speaks better words Lord Jesus Christ may you speak father the blood of sprinkling that Lord Jesus our souls may be sinfree Lord God that we may not be father able to have that self you know condemnation no more Lord but we may always Lord glad in your good tidings Lord that we may always father Lord Jesus put a yoke Lord Jesus your your yoke Lord the word of God in our father necks Lord because you said my yoke is easy and the burdens Lord the burden to to serve the Lord the burden to do the will of God the burden Lord Jesus to walk a Christian life, the burden of being an a living epistle. It is not heavy, Lord. It is light, Lord Jesus, because he is greater than he that is in the world. We thank you, Jesus. You come and enlighten our burdens and you enlighten our trials until Lord Father, the trying of our faith workketh patiently in us. Lord, we thank you, Jesus. Bless us, Lord God. As we go out, Father, Lord Jesus, we love you, Lord. We appreciate you Jesus. We are so pres. I commit our journeys as we go home. In the name of our Lord Jesus we pray. Amen. [Music] [Music] I've gotten some announcement. Um those who are who are going to assist brother to accompany brother Benny's stepmother he has died maybe to accompany him at the burial. You are going to receive communication.
