################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-01 - The Sufferings Are Not Worthy To Be Compared With The Glory     Bro Stephen Dodd      05.01.2025 - Stephen Dodd.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-01
Title:    The Sufferings Are Not Worthy To Be Compared With The Glory   |  Bro Stephen Dodd     | 05.01.2025
Speaker:  Stephen Dodd
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCVkdZbZQsg
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Jesus, precious Jesus, oh grace to trust him. Just the keyboard alone. I'm so glad I'm not too trusting. Preious Jesus, Savior, friend. And I know that thou art with me will be with me to the end. Oh Jesus. Jesus how I trust him. How I prove him more and more Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. Oh for grace to trust him more. Brother, please come and bless the offerings as we bow down our [Music] heads. bless you. Let's pray. Father God in heaven, we bless you with love. Lord Jesus, we come before you on the throne, Lord Jesus. Bless these offerings each and every hand that has supported even that hand that has not mine, Lord Jesus. May you, May you give them the next time. May you provide, may you provide all the necessities, Lord Jesus. And may these offerings bring forth and glorify your kingdom, Lord Jesus. We love you. We bless your name. In the might name of our Lord Jesus Christ we pray that. Amen. I ask that we get on our feet this morning. I want to sing with you this song that says telephone to glory. [Music] There's a royal line in heaven. You can give the Lord a call anytime. Amen. Amen. Now, give me the [Music] key to glory. Oh, a joy divine. I can feel the current moving on the line, built by God the Father for the young and old. You may talk to Jesus on this royal telephone. Let's do that again. Telephone to glory. Oh, what joy divine. I can feel the current moving on the line. Oh, built by God the Father for the I can talk to Jesus on this royal. Oh, St. Ros, always on the line. Oh, you may hear from heaven almost any time. These are royal service free for one and all. When you get in trouble, give this royal line a go. Telephone to glory. Tell him with our hands together now. Oh, and joy divine. I can feel the courage. Oh, moving on the line built by God the Father. Oh, for the young and old. I can talk to Jesus on this royal telephone. Oh, there will be no charge. The telephone is free. Oh, it was built for service. Just for you and me. Oh, there will be no waiting on this royal line. Oh, telephone to glory. Answers always right. Let's sing that again. Oh, there will be no charges. The telephone is free, built for service. It was built for service just for you and me. Oh, there will be no waiting on this road. Just telephone to glory. Telephone to glory. Answers always right with our hands now. Oh, telephone to glory. Oh, what joy. I can feel the current as I call to glory. It's moving on the line. Oh, built by God the Father for the young and old. Oh, I can talk to Jesus on this royal. Oh, fail to get the answer. You know Satan, Satan's cross your line. Oh, by some strong delusion. Oh, some days desire. Take away obstructions. Obstructions. Oh, God is on the front. Oh, and you get an answer through this road. Let's sing that again. Oh, fail to get the answer. Satan's cross your wine. Oh, by some strong delusion. Oh, some desire. Oh, take away take away all obstructions this morning. God is on the run and you get an answer through this royal. Come on, put your hands together. Telephone to glory. Oh, what joy divine. I can feel the current. It is moving on the line built by God the Father for the young. I know. Oh, I can talk to Jesus on this royal telephone. If your line is grounded and connection to has been lost with Jesus, he will tell you what to do. Pray and faith. Pray and faith and promise. Amen. That broken line. Oh yes. Till your soul is burning with that Pentecost. Telephone to glory. Telephone to glory. Oh, a joy divine. Oh, I can feel the car. It is moving on the line, built by God the Father for the unknown. I can talk to Jesus for his royal. The movies on my Lord, the movie's on. Come on now, sing with me. The movie is on, my Lord. The movie is on. I can hear the rustle. I can hear the rustle in the Malberry trees. And I know, I know, I know the movie is on. With our hands together, the move, the movie is on, my Lord. The movie is on. Oh, the movies on. Oh my Lord, the spirit of the Lord is moving this morning. I can hear the raso in the Malberry trees. And I know, I know, I know the move is on. Come on, move on, brother. Move on, sister. Move on, brother. Oh, move on. This is the moving day. is the moving day. Move a little closer. Oh, move a little closer. Where the streams are flowing. Yes. Move on, brother. Move on. Move on, brother. Move on, sister. Move on, brother. Move on, sister. This is a moving day. Move a little closer. Move a little closer. Where the streams are flowing. Move on, brother. Move on. Come on, let's give him a hand of praise this morning. Give him a hand of praise. He's worthy to be praised this morning. He's worthy to be adored. The move is on. Amen. All you have to do is to get into the channel and tap in the move. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want to sing and say, I know whom I've believed and I'm persuaded that he's able. Amen. And as we prepare to just receive the word, but I [Music] know my [Music] belie that which I've committed [Music] unto him against the day. I know not why God's wonderous grace to me he have made known no one unworthy Christ in love redeemed before his own I know but I Oh whom I've believeth and I'm persuaded that he's able to give that which I've [Music] committed and to him against the dead. Oh, I know not how this saving faith to [Music] me. No how believing no mighty God. Hallelujah. Just speak to the Lord in your own way this morning. Father, we thank you Lord. We appreciate you. We glorify you Lord this morning because you are here in our midst. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you oh king of glory. That is why we come father with songs of adoration and praise to you oh lord. We come to thee heavenly father this morning Lord with a song of praise oh king of glory thanking you father for your wondrous grace oh heavenly father thanking you heavenly father for your tender mercies oh lord thanking you oh king of glory lord god because you loved us even before we loved you oh lord and you father brought us out oh king of glory from the world oh lord you have sanctified us oh lord and set us aside, oh father, to worship and praise you, oh father. We dedicate ourselves, Father, this morning, Lord, to the teaching of thy word, oh king of glory, Lord God. We pray heavenly father Lord for your spirit come down this morning Lord Father to forgive every sin oh Lord to break oh heavenly father every barrier oh Lord every form of darkness this morning oh king of glory that the light of your word oh father may shine in our hearts this morning oh king of glory lord god that your word oh heavenly father will find a fertile ground this morning oh king of glory where the word can be sown. Oh king of glory, we are in expectation. Heavenly Father, we are waiting upon thee, oh king of glory, this morning, Father, that you come and speak to our hearts, oh Lord, that you come, oh Lord, and encourage us, oh heavenly father. May you anoint heavenly father the vessel that you use this morning Lord our precious brother Lord father king of glory that as the word comes forth oh lord may it meet our points of need oh lord we love you lord we appreciate you bless your name we glorify your name Lord we are inviting you Lord this morning that you come and take over the service Lord that you come and speak to our hearts, oh king of glory, Lord, in a special way this morning. Oh Lord, we are coming, Father, before thy presence, Lord. That you wash us, Lord. You cleanse us, oh Father. You speak to us, oh Lord. Blessed be your holy name. [Music] Jack. [Music] [Music] [Music] As we all get on our feet, [Music] Let our [Music] sing your [Music] name of your [Music] Let our God to [Music] sing. Where he leads me, I will follow. Where he leads me, I will follow. Where he leads me, I will follow. I'll go with you, with him all the way. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. You may be seated. You are welcome to the house of the Lord. And uh we trust the Lord is here and is going to use every gift or to be used today to bless you. So, what you need to do this morning, just enter into that presence and tell the Lord, "I'm here. I want to hear from you. Bless my soul. Give me what I need to know now. Hide it in my soul. Water it. Bring fruit." Amen. Amen. That's what we need to do this morning. Just relax in the presence and allow the Lord to bless you. So today um we've got just two three things to take out of the way so that uh brother Steven comes to speak to us. Amen. Amen. Brother Steven Doden Dod is son to brother Tim Dod. It's a great pleasure having a son who has been brought to your adoption. Amen. Praise the Lord. He can speak like the father. He has the mind of the father. His signature is as good as the father's signature. Amen. The things we learned from the natural adoption and looking at your son walking into the ministry is a real blessing. Amen. Amen. Will you also help your children? Yes, it's a pleasure seeing your child stand behind the holy desk and challenge the spirit. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh so, brother George Emoj has got uh his grandchildren once dedicated this morning. If you can have them coming, it will be a blessing. Bring them in. Bring in from the field. Bring them. Bring bring little ones to Jesus. Praise the Lord. All the four. Okay. [Music] So they all have to be dedicated to the Lord today. Okay. Praise the Lord. So brother George has been here with us I think from 1989 or Amen. Amen. So he's trying the best he can to take the token to his children and to his grandchildren. The children could have strayed, but he couldn't let the grandchildren go. He tries the best he can to bring them to church and be able to hear the word. So I want us to remember one thing that you know children were not baptized. They were only dedicated to God that God's hand can be with them. walk with them, protect them, and when they come to the age of responsibility to know what the gospel means, they love to repent, be baptized in that special for the baptism of the Holy Spirit, and then walk a walk that testifies of the goodness of Jesus Christ. So we want wherever we are just to bow our heads. I'm going to pray for these children that the Lord may have a hold of their lives. Precious heavenly father, these four little children have been brought to you and father their grandfather is dedicating them. that father you may get a hold of them like Samuel was dedicated. You got a hold of him. You anointed him. You positioned him in the body and you used him. Heavenly Father, that's the same prayer we have here this morning that your great presence may overshadow these children. Protect them, Lord, from the spirit that always try to capture the hearts of the young people to an early age. Father, I pray that you may protect them, give them the grace they need. Lord, and as they continue walking in this life, Father, as they hear the word, I pray that the word may get to the point. heavenly father who can arrest them and bring them to you as tokens of Calvary. I pray heavenly father that the blood of Jesus may be applied upon them in a special way. I pray that you may protect them, Father, even from any kind of wild spirit that moves among the young people, Lord, they may stand out with a little fear of God they have that they may resist all evil and dedicate them to you that you may walk with them until you bring them to the altar. give their lives to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. God bless you. Um so I need the young people to come forward to do your song. Amen. Amen. And then thereafter we shall be able to change the order of service from us to our visiting brothers. Amen. Amen. and uh brother Judah will also give a song. So I'll give the opportunity to his father to invite him. So, we've got father and then we've had the son and uh the grandson they've walked our path and I want to tell you brother Judah that the name No, he's very respected here. [Music] NC [Music] [Music] I'm [Music] [Music] Oh my goch. [Music] Super [Music] [Music] [Music] is she [Music] [Music] Camb. [Music] [Music] I'm getting again. [Music] [Music] changing all my He gives me a song. He step the way through the mountains and rise night and day shall. I'll feed you Lord of peace. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. My God. [Music] God bless you. Hallelujah. We shall just take a little bit of time. Are you ready this morning? is the holy cross. Amen. [Music] The Lord will bless you. Come to the right place in his presence. in his presence. So we all [Music] [Music] [Music] My God in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. It's a real honor to be with you today. John for the invitation to come and speak to you. I've never been to your church [Music] before. It's a blessing to be here for the first time. bring you greetings from the saints back in [Applause] Canada. It's winter time in Canada right [Music] now. It's cold and icy there. And it's warm here in Uganda. West move back. Let me have the same warmth of the Holy Spirit right here on tired this morning. This is our 12 service. The fire of God is still burning. The Bible says, "I give you all things through Christ who strengthens me. [Music] I should All [Music] [Music] right. Heat. [Music] I don't know. [Music] on your side. Let it live. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshipers [Music] arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear it growing louder. Song of the redeemed. As the saints of every nation, our awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Song to our king. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let them arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. my all I surrender to the king and father I see the lamb rising with the book of history he has opened up the seeds and now the bride can see it's a brand new revelation ation. The shout of the seven seal. He is the lamb. He is our king. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let them arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. Oh yes, Lord. I'm surrendering my [Music] all. My all. I surrender to the [Music] king. And father, I see the bride adorning in the word of her king. She is rising now in power. And she's anointed to see for the seals they have been open. It's the last great mystery. This is our song. Song of the redeemed. [Music] Father, I see your bride rejoicing in the song of victory. Amen. Every chain of death is broken. And we have been set free. Satan's kingdom is defeated. And now we worship free praise to our Lord. He's the king of kings. Let the worippers arise. Oh yes. Let them arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh yes. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender all. I'm surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. Yes, Lord. I'm surrendering my all. Surrender all. I surrender to the king. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Have you surrendered to your king? Praise the Lord. Why don't we stand and take our Bibles together? We're going to turn to the book of second Peter chapter 1. Just before we read, why don't we bow our heads in prayer? Our precious heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for another opportunity today. to gather with saints of like precious faith with sons and daughters of the king. Lord, we just want to make the most of this opportunity, Lord. Therefore, we want to welcome you. We want to give you the preeminence, Lord. But Lord, we did not come here to hear a man. For we are not feeding upon a man. We are feeding upon the unfailing body word of the son of man. Lord, you have opened your word to us in this last days. But Lord, it takes you to reveal it to our hearts. And we just welcome you to come as you promised Lord that you would be here wherever two or three are gathered in your name. You said there I am in the midst of them. We just give you the preeminence today Lord. We ask you bless the reading of the word. Bless the hearing of it. May our hearts be open to you this morning. In the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's read from verse 5 of second Peter chapter 1. It says, "Besides this, giving all diligence, add to your faith virtue and to virtue knowledge. into and to knowledge temperance and to temperance patience and to patience godliness and to godliness brotherly kindness into brotherly kindness, charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that you shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. Let's turn also to Romans chapter 8. And we'll read there in verse 17. And if children then hes of God and joint hes with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us. Let's read one more scripture in Colossians chapter 1 and we'll just read verse 27. to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you the hope of glory Colossians 1 verse Colossians 1 verse 27 Amen. May God add his blessing to the word. You could have your seats. We want to speak today on the suffering is not worthy to be compared with the glory. So the Bible says there's sufferings and there's glory. But the sufferings that we face, they're not worthy to be compared with the glory. The glory that shall be revealed in us through what God has done for us. is worth more than all of the sufferings that we could go through. The sufferings are not worthy to be compared to it. They're they're not even in the same the same classification. They're so far apart. So God has a purpose and God has a plan for what he is doing. He said in Jeremiah that he would give us unexpected end. He didn't tell Jeremiah what that end would be. The mysteries were not yet revealed. But he said, "Be patient. because there is an expected end. There is a purpose to all that you're going through. There is a purpose to this molding. There there's a purpose to this suffering. One day it will be revealed. But in the days of Jeremiah it was not revealed. But he told his people, his children, there is an expected end right from the beginning from before the foundation of the world. The mystery was hidden in God. God didn't reveal his entire purpose, but he hid it within himself. that it might be revealed in its time, in its season. Because the fullness of the mystery of God, would bring forth the rapture, would bring forth the body change, would bring forth the fullness of our inheritance. So God could not reveal it before its time. Because faith comes by hearing, hearing the word of God. So if God would give the fullness of his word at the beginning, it would bring faith for a rapture. But God held it back. He hid it. It it says that uh u they they received not the promise. They obtained the elders obtained a good report through faith. But yet they receive not the promise, the expected end city whose builder and maker is God. They received not the promise that they without us would not be made perfect. Because if they had received the promise in, they would have been perfected and the plan of God would have finished. But all of creation is groaning. Not waiting for the fullness of God's plan to be revealed, but it's waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. So God could not bring creation back into its original estate until every son of God had been manifested till every attribute of God had been revealed. It had to wait for this day because there was attributes of God in this day that needed to be revealed. So he says if children then hes of God and joint airs with Christ if we suffer with him that we may also be glorified together. So potentially all of the glory is there but it is revealed through suffering. It's brought to its full potentials through suffering the glory that shall be revealed. If we hold steady, we stay steadfast walking in what God reveals to us day by day. There is a glory which shall be revealed. Not around us, not something else, but in us. The mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, not Christ in God, Christ in you, the hope of glory. So the Holy Spirit within us gives us hope of glory, hope of of um hope of reaching our full potentials in Christ. Will Brandham says in the stature of a perfect man says now Peter is saying here how that we must be partakers of his divine nature. Now each one of us is trying to grow into the stature of God. So there's a growing we must grow into the stature of God. The full potentials is within us. but we must grow into it all that God has for us. So Peter says, "So we need to give diligence." Diligence means quickly. Don't waste any time with haste. So we need to give diligence. If we have accepted the molding of God in our lives, we must give diligence to every word of God. The word from yesterday is not enough. We don't need to worry about the word for tomorrow. But we need to give diligence to the word that God has revealed to us today. We're all children growing in Christ. We're all at different stages. Some have just received the new birth. Some have been growing in Christ for many years. But we are all growing together until we all come into the fullness. Jude in Jude 1 and verse three. Jude come again. Jude, he says, "Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you and exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. So all these brothers, brother Jude, brother Peter, Peter, we'll read about brother Paul. They're all admonishing us, saying, "Give diligence. Earnestly contend for it." They're not writing to the unbeliever, but they're writing to the churches to as as the word says to provoke one another to love and to good works. Why are they admonishing us to do so? In verse four, Jude says, "Because there's certain men crept in unawares in in second Peter chapter 2, he says, "Because there are false prophets and false teachers." And now Paul in in Ephesians chapter 4, he's talking about the five-fold ministry that was given says for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith, Not just the ministers, not just the deacons, not just the song leaders, but until we all come in the unity of Christ, till we all come into the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. So Paul is admonishing us. We need to press in. There's a destination. There's an expected end. You've got to press into it. In verse 14 says that we henceforth be no more children. Because what happens if we remain children? If we don't press in, if we don't give diligence, he says, "Children tossed to and froed about with every wind of doctrine. By the slight of men and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in way to deceive. So Jude says there's men crept in unawares. Peter says there's false prophets and false teachers. But there is a way to not be deceived. There is a way to not be blown away by winds of doctrine. And that is if we give diligence to feed upon the word to be anchored in the word that God reveals to us to press into it. Say, "Lord, I receive it. I believe it. Let me live it. according as you have revealed it to me. Give us our daily bread. Give me the word that I need to live by today. We don't need to worry about tomorrow. Jesus didn't say, "Give me bread for a week." Lord, just give me my daily bread so that I know what to do today. Because if there ever was a day that we could say sufficient today is the evil thereof. That's today. There is enough evil that we face in one day. That we need our daily bread. We need the Lord to keep us every moment. We know we need to know each step that we need to take. Therefore, we must give diligence in God's provided way for this day. Brother Brandham says God told Moses he give him the land. He told Joshua, "Every place the sole of your foot treads, I have given to you." But they had to fight for every inch of it. The promised land is the Holy Ghost. It's what you've come into by the new birth. All of your inheritance is in the Holy Ghost. All of your potentials is in the Holy Ghost. It's already inside of you. But he says they had to fight for every inch of it. So do we fight for every inch of it. It isn't something to be babyed. Amen. Like God would say, "Well, I'll take you over there. See what you think about it. You can give me your opinion." He says, "That's no way to come. Come with a determination. come that you're going to stay there till it's over. Stay there till God answers and vindicates. We could say, "Well, God vindicated the prophet." Isn't that good enough? But you need a word for you. You need God to quicken it to your heart. The Bible says, "The letter killth, but the spirit giveth life." If all you have is the words of the message and the words of the Bible, you won't have enough for life. But you need the spirit to come behind it to quicken what you have need of because you need a word from God. You need God to show what he's speaking to you for your situation for your trial. So he says stay there till God answers and vindicates. A man that believes in God can see the presence of God, feel the presence of God, sense the presence of God and know he's here. Says that's the kind of men that we need to be. He said he is here to answer everything. that he made promise for in this day. Then cry till you get it. Hold on to him. Don't leave. If you have to stay and night, God don't want his children to listen to intellectual speeches. He wants them to cry out to it till the promise is vindicated. Now, he's not saying you need to stay in church day and night. He's saying you need to hold on to God day and night. Stay with it. when you when you're dealing with a situation, he's saying don't just come to God one time and say, "Well, I guess I didn't hear from God." So, I guess I'll just go try the best I can. But no, he's saying, "Hold on to God. He has a word for you. He has daily bread for your need. So just hold on to him. Keep feeding. Keep searching. Keep diligent until he vindicates the word to you. This is my word for your situation. Amen. The Bible says we must give diligence to add to our faith virtue. By faith we are saved that by grace. It's not of works lest any man should boast. We've come to him in faith. God's dropped faith into our hearts. revealed himself to us. But now that we have entered into Christ, we need to add to that faith virtue diligently. Virtue means strength. When a baby is born into the world, the first thing it must do is eat. Why? Because it needs strength. When a baby is born and it cries out, life is there. That's not a stillborn child. It's crying. There's life there. And and God put that cry within it. It has a desire within it. It's hungry. The baby doesn't know what it needs. The baby doesn't know what food is. It's been connected to its mothering from its mother's side. But now it is it is on its own and now it has a new feeling and it's uncomfortable and it causes it to cry out in discomfort. But it doesn't know what it needs. But the mother knows what it needs. Maybe the baby wants a new car. Maybe the baby is crying for a house. Maybe the baby is crying for some clothes. But no, we know the baby is crying for food. And when as soon as the baby begins to receive that food, it becomes contented. Oh, this is what I was looking for. This is satisfying that hunger within me. And so is it when we come to God, God says, "Cry out for it." You have needs. You might not even know what you need. You just know that something is wrong. You just know that you need more of God. You don't know what you need. You don't know what word God is going to give you today, but you know that you need it. And when he gives you his word, that's where you find satisfaction. There's many children that have grown up in message homes, listening to tapes every day, hearing good music every day. Maybe they were even reading the message book, but they didn't understand what life was all about. They didn't really hunger for it. They were just living under mom and dad. But when the spirit of God be to call them and they accepted the call of God and they received the new birth. Now there's a hunger inside of them. Now mom and dad doesn't have to say, "Pick up your Bible. pick up a message book. Now they're hungry for it. Sometimes, especially as children, they can get distracted by the things of the world and they become disgruntled. They become upset and they lose their peace and but but mom and dad can say, "I see you're upset. I I I see there's something wrong. Have you been spending time with God?" And we need to remind them, you're upset. You're not yourself because you have not been feeding. If you've ever had to feed a newborn baby with a bottle, when Judah was born, He had to be in uh intensive care because we almost lost him when he was born. And so he was in the intensive care unit. And they put the milk into [Music] bottles so that they could feed him when mother wasn't there. And I went up there to the room where he was. And they gave me a bottle to feed him. And in that bottle was just a tiny bit of milk. It was such a small amount, but that was all that he could handle. And when we come to Christ, sometimes we can only handle a little bit of work. We can only handle a little bit at a time. So, we should not get impatient with the children of the Lord. But when they are newly birthed into Christ, if they've received a little bit of word and it seems like they're full, that's okay. Because a baby can only eat a little bit. But there's something else about a baby. You can't just feed him that little bit of milk and then leave him until tomorrow. He needs to be fed many times today. Just a little bit at a time. How did God say that he would speak to us? He said he would give us line upon line, precept upon precept. Here a little bit, there a little bit. Oh, when would this time come? when he was doing a new thing. When the Holy Ghost was come, then his word would begin to teach us little by little just as much as we could sustain that it might bring growth. For we are all trying to grow into the stature of men. The Bible says, "Add to our virtue knowledge." In Jeremiah 9 and verse 23 says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might. Let not the rich man glory in his riches. But let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the Lord, that I am the Lord. Oh, a wise man likes to glory. Say, "Oh, I am so wise. A rich man likes the glory. Say, "Oh, I am so rich. A strong man likes to glory." Say, "I am so strong." But God says, "Let us glory in that we know him, that I am the Lord. Amen. Which exercises loving kindness? What kind of a Lord are we glorying in? Oh, God burned down Sodom. And God sunk Capernium below the ocean. You better watch out or the wrath of God will come upon you. But no, we are to glory in the Lord that he is the Lord with ex which exercise the loving kindness and judgment. So don't glory in the wrath of God. glory in the the judgments of God, that his word is true, that his word is righteous. Oh, there's too many that want to glory in themselves today. Oh, they can put the scriptures together. They can put the quotes together. They can condemn you. But God says, "Don't glory in our own wisdom, but glory in the Lord." We're not the judge, but he is the judge. We don't know the hearts of one another. We don't know where we are at, but God knows where we are at. And he exercises loving kindness. He exercises judgment. He brings us back in line with the word of God. He exercises righteousness. For in these things I delight, say the Lord, all we can do is preach the word. All we can do is give what God lays upon our heart. God gave these gifts into the church so that you would be edified as babies. You would be given the pure milk of the word of God that you might grow. that you would not just need milk, but you would grow to to be able to handle the meat of the word of God so that you might come to maturity, so that you might know who you are. Paul says in Ephesians 3, he is praying for the church. Oh, that you might be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith. That you being rooted and grounded in love. How can you be rooted and grounded in love? by giving, by giving diligence, by being faithful, by feeding on the word, by accepting what God reveals to you. You become rooted and grounded in love. Paul's desiring for the church that they might know the love of God. which passes knowledge, that you might be filled with all the fullness of God, that you might know the love of God, a a knowing that comes not by intellect, not by our intelligence, not by knowing every scripture in the not by knowing every quote in the message, but that you might know the love of Christ which passes knowledge. So the love of Christ is not known by knowledge. It passes knowledge. It is known only by experience. It is known only as we walk with the Lord. and you're walking with him. As many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. So there's a relationship. He's leading and you're following walking with him day by day. We don't leave him at church and go do our own thing and then come back and see God at church. But no, it's a relationship where he is leading us and we are following. It doesn't do any good for him to lead if we don't follow. as he reveals his word to us, we have to take that step. If we don't take that step, he will not go any further because he's not going to leave us behind. He's both the author of our faith and the finisher of our faith. What he has begun He will also finish. So every step that he reveals, we must follow him so that we can walk further in Christ. We need to know him by experience. I could claim to know brother James. I could read brother James's life story and I could study it and I could memorize it and I could think I really know brother James but yet never having met him and I could go to brother Steven I could say do you know brother James, he would say, "Yes, I know brother James, we are good friends. We spend a lot of time together." And I could say, "Are you sure that you really are a friend of brother James?" Well, yes. He would say, "I I am." And I could say, "Okay, well, let me put it to the test." I could say, "Brother Steven, do you know what kind of toothpaste brother James uses?" He doesn't know. Oh, but I have studied the life of Christ. And I could say, "Oh, brother James uses Crest toothpaste. And if you didn't know that then you really don't know brother you know we can meet many intellectual People So we can know we can meet many intellectual people, people that have studied the word of God, people that have been to Bible schools, people that have got degrees, in the Bible and they can speak words that you have no idea what they're talking about. Then they can say, "Do you know about this concept?" You say, "I never heard about it." Oh, do you know what this big word means? And and you say, "I've never heard of that. I have no idea what it means. And they would say, uh, if you don't know those things, how could you say you know God? But that's not how we are to know him. Down in our heart, we know God and we say, "I don't know what that word means. I don't know what you're talking about, but the spirit of God within me bears record with my spirit that I am a son of God. may not know all of the information that you know, but I know my heavenly father for he has quickened my heart. He has changed my life. He is walking with me. He is molding me from day to day. He is adding line upon line. Glory to God. Thank you. Amen. He says in question, brother Brandham says in questions and answers, he says it's not this outside our five senses of sea, taste, feel, smell, and hear. It isn't. It's subject to death and it will die. But the inside part of you down in here inside. That is the person that cannot die. And that's the person that the new life starts from this new birth. And it builds another person in the image of this person you are. around that life. So potentially it's in here. And what is it? It's the word promised before the foundation of the world. [Applause] So it's not this that is on the outside. This is just a tool that God is using. A tool that came into existence by sin. Without sin, we would not have this fallen nature. But God needed a certain tool in his toolbox to mold where whereby he might mold this inside man. So he allowed the fall in the garden of Eden so that he might use this fallen nature to mold this inside man into the person of who you are. the person of who you were in the mind of God from before the foundation of the world. So that which is on the inside, that's who you are. Not who you thought you were, not who the devil tells you you are, but what does the word say about you? What does the word say you are? The Holy Spirit bears record with our spirit that we are the sons of God. That's the real you. That's the true you. And around that life, God is bringing you to your full potential of who you are in Christ, building another person. Amen. That's why we need to give diligence because God is not done building. If God was done building, we would not be here anymore. Because God is not the author of confusion. We say, "Lord, I'm perfect. Why am I still here?" But we're here because we have yet to be perfected. Bible says, "Add to your knowledge temperance." And temperance is self-control. It's by grace that we're saved. But many want to take the grace of God and turn it into disgrace. Say, "Oh, now I am saved by grace. Therefore, I can do anything I want." Because now I'm saved. But no, God saved you for a purpose. God b brought his grace by your way for a purpose. Because you were in his mind before the foundation of whom he forneew not who was good enough who finally reached a place where God would notice them. But it's whom he forneew by election. He knew who was his. And Jesus said, "I will not lose one of them whom he forneew." He predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son. Let's turn to that scripture just for a moment. is I know I missed a couple words there. Romans 8 and verse 29. Oh yes. So whom he forneew them he predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. So he recognized God's purpose that it wasn't just to save us but it was to conform us. Not us molding ourselves by what we think the word of God is, but by the filling of his Holy Spirit. Now he is molding us. He conforms us into the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brothers. For over whom he did predestinate, them he also called. And whom he called, them he also justified. And whom he has justified, them he also glorified. Christ in you is the hope of glory. the potentials of bringing you to glory. So who he predestinated them he called. You might you might think within yourself. How could I ever hope to be one of God's elected? There's so many people in this world that look good to our eyes, but God doesn't look on the outward man. God looks on the heart. So, we don't need to uh we don't need to have our own worries. wonder how how could I possibly qualify? How could I ever be good enough? But you felt a call in your heart one day. You did not put that call in there. No man ever sought God, but God seeks man. It wasn't Adam in the Garden of Eden say, "Oh God, let me come back. I have sinned. Let me come back to you." But it was God calling Adam, saying, "Adam, Adam, where are you? You're always here when I come down. always desiring fellowship and something has happened. Something has come between us and now you are not here and now you are hiding from me but I am calling for you. So you felt a call of God in your heart when the word came by your way. It was calling your name and you fell to pull. That's for me. There's something in there that's calling to me. It wasn't you desiring these things. It was God calling his children. So if you've heard the call of God in your heart, then you are a son of God. You are a daughter of God. He doesn't call those that are not his. But whom he forneew. Amen. So we need to add to our knowledge temperance which is self-control. We are saved by grace for a purpose to be molded into the image of Christ. So he is molding his desires into you. When when we came to Christ, we received the new birth and we are now new creatures in him. All things have passed away and all and all things are become new. So our nature now was changed. that seed gene within us has sprung forth into life. But this flesh grew up in the world. This flesh was born in sin. It was shaped in iniquity. It come in the world speaking lies. and we're used to living with it. And so the devil comes and wants to anoint our flesh, wants to bring us back to our old ways, but that which is on the inside now is waring against that which is on the outside. The spirit wars against the flesh, and the flesh lusteth against the spirit. These two are contrary one to another and they'll always be contrary until we receive a new body. God is God is not molding our flesh. God is molding our character. He's molding our self-control. You have scars in your flesh, scars in your spirit, but in the soul, you've received a new nature. And that nature is pushing out from the inside, building a new body on the inside. bringing this flesh into subjection to the word of God. He is building you into an expression of his love. Because we know at the top of the stature of a perfect man is charity which is the love expressed. It's not just love stationary that we have love but that we become an expression of love. Not an expression of our own love but through the molding of God. that we might be an expression of the love of God. And God's love is the most powerful force that there is. Brother Brandham says when love projects, then sovereign grace comes on the scene. and produces the result. When love projects, love is the most powerful force there is. One time, Brother Brandham stepped into a field. And in that field was a a raging bull. And he was across the field. When the bull noticed him and the bull came charging at him, he could not stop the bull. He could not reach the fence. He'd forgotten his gun. So, he had no protection. And he thought, "Well, this is the end." But then love projected and stopped that bowl in its tracks. One time he was mowing his backyard and he ran the lawn mower into the fence and it shook the hornets's nest that was there and the the hornets came and covered brother Brham. in ourselves. We would be afraid. We would know this. This is it. There's no way I can withstand all of these things. But then something came over him. Love projected. And he spoke to those hornets and they went back to their nest without doing any harm. Storm came in and and the voice of the Lord told him, "Go back up the mountain into the storm." And he thought, "Okay, this must be the end." But the Lord spoke to him and said, "Speak to the storm and he spoke to the storm and the storm went back to where it came from. Love projected." One day, Hadtie Wright was listening to the word and she said, "That's nothing but the truth. and love projected. The presence of God came down and brother Brandham said under the anointing of the Holy Spirit, "Ask whatever you will and it'll be given to you." She said, "What should I ask for?" Well, you could ask for a million dollars if your parents are poor. You could ask for the healing of your sister who's in a wheelchair. Well, she thought about it for a little bit, for the desire of my heart, for the salvation of my two boys. And they fell over her lap. repenting and giving their hearts to God. One day, Brother Brandham was in a service. And in the back of the church, there was a young couple and they were being unclean right in the service. He was climbing into her lap. They were kissing one another. The deacons had asked them to stop, but they wouldn't stop. Brother Brandham had asked them to stop, but they wouldn't stop. But then the presence of God came down in them. And they knew that they were in trouble. They were sitting there white in the face and the the the spirit of God spoke to brother Brandham said whatever you say it'll happen and thoughts begin to come to him say paralysis pack them out of the room anything he said would have happened. But he waited and when the inspiration came from the Lord, love projected and he said, "I forgive you and the presence of God came down and at the end of the service, that couple was the first ones at the altar. given their hearts to the Lord. So love is the most powerful force there is and God is molding you to be a projection of that love. Not to be a powerful person in the world, not to bring might unto yourself, but he is molding you that you might be a projection of his love that your life would project love to those around you. As many as received him, the Bible says, to them gave he power for what? Not power to work signs and wonders. Not power to to bring great miracles, but power to become the sons of God. That Holy Ghost power within you has all the potentials to mold you into the image of Christ that you might be a manifested son of God. Brother Brandham says in the Smyrnian church age, he says, "Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. But remember the suffering is not worthy to be compared with the glory in all the trials, all the tribulations, all the sickness, all the hardship, all of the suffering is to reveal the glory within us. You have to suffer to reign. The Bible says we shall reign with him upon the earth. Says he has made us kings and priests unto God. It's your calling. It's who you will be on the other side in the new heavens and new earth. But he needs to make you ready for that. So he's molding your [Music] character. Brother Brandham says the reason for this that you have to suffer to reign is that character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a victory, not a gift. Salvation is a gift. The Holy Ghost is a gift, but character is a victory. We must fight for every inch. Bible says of Christ in Hebrews chapter 5 says, "Though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Every son that comes to God must be chasened, must be tried. The Bible says in Romans 8:13, "If you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. But if the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies. spirit that dwelleth in you. And in the message, it is the rising of the sun. Brother Brennan says, "The the spirit that raised him from the dead, dwelling in you will also bring your mortal bodies, the dust of the earth into subjection." He says, "You see what is it?" Subjection to what? to Christ. Who is Christ? The word. Not the theology, but the word. So the spirit within us is tempering our lives. Every time we get out of line, every time we make a mistake, every time we go against the word of God, the spirit within us brings us back in line with the word of God. Jesus said he the when he the spirit of truth is come he will guide you into all truth. He is leading and we are following. So and the Bible says to temperance we must add patience. James said, "Brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptation, knowing this, that the trying of your faith workketh patience, but let patience have her perfect work. that you may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. So how do we reach this place where we have patience? It's a molding process. It takes faith to have patience. It takes faith to have patience. It takes strength in the word of God to have patience. It takes knowledge to have patience. If we know God, we've been walking with him. We've experienced the way he works. We've learned to hold to the promises of God. From the little things, God doesn't give us a trial we can't handle. He begins with little things that seem so big to us. But the reason you're going through it is because you can handle it. So now as you've grown in Christ and he's now tempered you by his word through all of these things that you've been through. Now you learn to have patience. I know God will come. I know God will speak because he did back here. He did over here. Brother so and so gave this testimony. Sister so and so gave. I seen God heal me here. So I know he'll heal me here. I seen God deliver me back here. So I know he will deliver me here. So through the knowledge of him, he has now brought us to this place of patience and and and we we learn to let God let patience have its perfect work. We learn to wait on God that he has a reason why the answer has not come yet. When Job went through his trial, he knew there was no sin. And yet he lost his his all of his live, his wealth. He lost his donkeys. He lost his camels. He lost his sheep. He lost all of his children. His wife turned against him. His friends said, "There must be sin in your life." But he said, "I know I have not sinned. I've done all that God showed me to do. I've kept the word of God that he's given to me. There must be some other purpose." And he patiently waited for God. the patience of Job. And we're called to be just like Job that we do all that God calls us to do. We believe every word that he's revealed to us and then we wait for God knowing he will come on the scene. We don't just wait with our arms folded saying one day God will come until that day I'll just wait here but no we are searching we are seeking saying Lord what is your will is your purpose in this situation Where is the answer that I'm waiting for? I'm waiting for healing. Where is that quickening word? I know the Bible says that by your stripes I'm healed. But where is the quickening power? patient. God has not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. I want to tell you a testimony of what God did in our home and maybe it will encourage you earlier this this summer. My wife began to experience a lot of pain and I began to notice that she was uncomfortable. And I said, "Are you hurting?" She said, "Oh, maybe a little bit, but I'm sure it'll be okay." And I said, "Okay." and and uh I kept watching her and I seen that the pain was not going away and it was getting worse and I said do you want to go to the doctor find out what's wrong? She said no I I don't want to go to the doctor. And we waited a few more days and she was still in pain. And I said, "We're taking you to the doctor. We're going to find out what's wrong. We know that God is our healer. But let's go find out what's wrong. Maybe there's a simple solution." And so we went to the doctor and the doctor told her as my wife told her all of her symptoms and that she was having pain in her abdomen and it wouldn't go away and she could feel something inside of her and the doctor said, "I think you have a growth. a tumor. So we must send you for tests. So the doctor booked her for tests. She went for an ultrasound and and uh the doctor did the ultrasound and did I think a CT scan. Um I'm not exactly sure of all the names of the tests, but but they said yes, you have a growth in you there. There's a tumor about the size of an orange in your your female parts and it must be removed immediately. So she went home and she began to pray because she was afraid. She said, "This could be cancer. I have six children. What could happen to me?" So she begin to pray. Say, "Lord, I need you. I need you to come on the scene for me. I need your healing virtues in my life. She was afraid of what might happen to her. So we had a visiting minister come brother Ed Hammermeister maybe you know him and and he ministered the word and God spoke to my wife. And he he was telling the story of brother Brham, how that when brother Brandham was out hunting, how God had shown him a vision, how he would shoot the big caribou. And before he got back to camp, he would also shoot a big grizzly bear. And so he was on this hunting trip and he shot the big caribou and they were walking down the mountain and you could see for miles around and it didn't look like there was any grizzly bear there. And the hunting guide said to brother Brham, "Didn't you say there was going to be a grizzly bear?" Brother Brandham said, "Are you doubting the vision?" The hunting guide said, "I no, I'm not doubting. I've seen God do too much that I can't doubt the vision. And so they carried on. They were getting close to the camp. And brother Brandham says, "What's that over there?" And there was that grizzly bear. They could see for miles around. And all of a sudden, here was this grizzly bear fulfilling the vision. And and so this brother was preaching, showing that when God had given his word, it might look impossible, but between here and there, God is going to come on the scene. So that anchored within the heart of my wife and and and I caught it. I said I said I I think that was for you. She said yes that was for me. I received it for me. And from that time all of the fear was gone. We have not received the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. So when the word of God came for her situation that it might look impossible, but between here and there, God is going to come on the scene. And she knew that God was saying to her that between now and the surgery, God is going to come on the scene. She knew the word said that by his stripes we are healed. But she needed God to come and vindicate his word. She needed God to bring the spirit behind the word and she had been molded by the word of God. One time my son fell out of a tree and came crying inside and he had a big lump on his back. And so she laid him on the couch. She phoned me and said, "What should I do?" I was out of town working. I said, "Just lay your hands on him and pray for him." And she laid her hands on him and prayed for him. And then she left him on the couch and soon she looked outside and there was my son playing outside. [Applause] She she said, "Why are you outside? Come here." And she lifted up his shirt. And the lump was gone. So she had seen God come on the scene. He beholded her faith through the little things, preparing her for each trial that lies. And now when God quickened the word for her situation, she knew it was God's word. And the spirit of God removed all fear. Perfect love casts out all fear. But she still felt that lump inside. She went to another test after those services. They said, "Yes, that lump is there and it needs to be removed." But there was no fear. And they booked the surgery. God never told us what he was going to do. He never told us when it was going to happen. He just confirmed to us that it was going to happen. So we went to the surgery resting in the promises of God. In the morning of the surgery, she still felt that lump inside and she lay there on the bed and we were there was no fear. I brought her to the hospital and I and then I went to work. I can't explain why I would go to work. We were driving to the hospital and I said, "I'm so sorry. I haven't been worried about you at all. I haven't even been praying about it." She said, "That's okay. I haven't been worried about it either. So I left her there in the hospital bed and went to work and and they they took her into the surgery. They called me when they were done and I came back and she was sleeping on the bed just beginning to wake up out of the medication and the nurse came into the room and we asked her how did the surgery go? She said well let me read the report. And she began reading the report and she was looking at the commu computer monitor and she was frowning and she was looking. She was reading. We said, "So, how did the surgery go?" She said, "It doesn't look like they removed anything. So we said, "Okay." And she we said, "So so was there nothing in there?" She said, "Well, you have to wait for the doctor to come." And it didn't seem like the doctor was going to come again. It didn't seem like the doctor was coming. The nurse said, "You'll have an appointment in 6 weeks. and then you can find out from the doctor. But just then the doctor walked into the room. He said, "You don't need a six week appointment." He said, "We went in to do the surgery and there was nothing in there. Between here and there, God had come on the scene. It looked impossible. the very morning of the surgery, as she was getting ready to be rolled in the room, she knew it was still inside of her. And and there had been some some confusion with the tests. One one report said it's on the left side. One report said it's on the right side. So as the doctor was bringing her into the room, he said the only question is whether it's on the right side or the left side. But when he went in to do the surgery, there was nothing there. He said, "We could see a little spot where it used to be, but there was nothing on the left side and nothing on the right side. And everything looks perfectly normal. So, we gave God the glory. But there was a reason for the surgery because a few days later, those pains begin to come back and I and I asked I asked my wife said, "Are you feeling pain again?" She said, "Yes." I said, "Do you want to go to the doctor? and we had a we had a word of prayer together and and and and I began to see I could see the the purpose of the surgery because if there had been no surgery then the devil could say see you were never really healed. But because the doctor had done the surgery, she could say, "No, I know that God healed me beyond the shadow of a doubt." So I encouraged her, "The same God, you know that God did a miracle in your life. The same God that healed you the first time can also heal you the second time. I said, "Are you just hoping that God's going to make you better or are you trusting in the word of God?" She said, "No, I am trusting in the word of God." And a few days after that, I asked her, "How are you feeling?" She said, "What do you mean?" I said, "Those pains that you were feeling." Oh, she said, "I haven't felt any pain now for a long time." And since that time, she's never felt pain anymore. So we need to have confidence in the word of God. He has given us exceeding great and precious promises that by these we might be partakers of his divine nature. So the promise is in the word but now the molding comes. Are you going to believe what the word of God says about you or are you going to believe what the devil wants to tell you? Brother Brandham says, he says, "When when we refuse the devil's lie," and I'm just paraphrasing. But when we refuse what the devil says about it, church believes what the word of God says about it, then the gates of hell cannot prevail against you. God is molding you. God is perfecting your life. Not this flesh, but he's perfecting your character. to believe the word of God, no matter what the trial, no matter what situation you find yourself, no matter what sickness comes upon that you believe the word of God, you hold to his promises. That's a Christlike character. Crystal, why don't we stand together? [Applause] Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Precious heavenly father, Lord, your word is the truth and we love it more than anything else in the world. Lord, you said the greatest commandment was to love the Lord our God with all our heart, with all our mind, with all our soul. And Lord, we that that isn't just words to us, oh God, but Lord, we've really come to love you that much. We pray, Father, that you would continue to increase our faith. Don't give up on us when we make mistakes. And we know that you won't. because you said, "I will never leave you. I will never forsake you." Lord, may we not give up on ourselves despite what circumstances might say. May we believe what your word says. and may we find strength in your word to stand in this evil day in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Music] God bless you. We may be seated. Brother Joshua, you can come. Amen. Are you blessed this afternoon? When it comes to suffering, yes, we shall suffer. But that suffering cannot be compared to the glory that shall be revealed in us. So the full opening of the word could only come to this age. And we thank God because we have this age. And he says if it came in the time of you know Jeremiah then of course the rapture would have taken place and God needed you to be part of it and you need to thank God that you are part of what God is doing now. So if we suffer with him we shall rule with him. When you choose Christ, Amen. Amen. The world will certainly, you know, reject you. So we thank God for our brother Steven. Amen. Amen. For the burden he has had for us that God himself is doing the conforming, conforming us into his own image. He's giving us of his own virtuous life. And he says, "Upon your faith advert." It's not what we worked for, but the grace that God has been conferring upon us. He's giving us his nature, becoming partakers of that glorious nature. Amen. Brother Steven called it creating his desires in us. Amen. Amen. Are you feeling that way? Day after day, God is changing you so that we can become the expressions of his love. Amen. Like the brother said, your life in itself becomes the expression of God's love. Amen. He has loved you. He has brought you that far. He's not going to give up on you. He'll work on you until he brings you into the stage of a perfect. God knows what he's doing with our God bless you. Amen. Let's have brother Joshua. Did you love the ministry of the brother? Amen. Amen. There is such a depth especially the revelation of Christ knowing Christ not by the letter but by the experience of a relationship. Amen. Not what we have studied much as it helps us but there must be a way to break into relationship with him. by relationship. We may never be able to know certain details and that is true. You will never know everything in the world because you can only know what pertains to your part as far as God is concerned with you. Amen. Amen. God will only reveal what is necessary for you and at a certain season of your life and that's what will be necessary to give you the rapturing power. Amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. We are part of the world. We are not all the world but you are a part of the word that God wants you to be. I am a verse as you are a verse. And every one of us is a verse from the world to portray what God wanted you to portray to become the expression of Islam in the age where we are living. Amen. We thank God. We appreciate our brother. God bless you. Amen. Amen. So let's have brother Joshua. lead us a little bit in worship. Amen. Amen. And then give us the instructions of our return. I told you by the devil trying to tamper with what he did. He was trying to stop this. Thank God we got it. [Applause] [Music] and I request that we [Music] stand. I know whom have believed and I'm persuaded that he's able. Passover. But I know I've believed and I'm persuaded that he's able to keep that which means and to him against the death. But I know But I know whom have believe and I'm persuaded that he's able to give the [Music] command. I know not why. I know not why. God wonderous grace to me he may know. No one unworthy. Christ in love redeemed me before. Oh, but I know but I know whom I [Music] believe and I'm persuaded that he is able to give life. We shall be there until he again. [Music] Yes. [Music] [Music] Lord God. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just speak to the Lord in your own way. Everyone speak to him. Hallelujah. Precious heavenly father, king of glory. Lord, we want to thank you. We appreciate you, heavenly father, king of glory, for the word, heavenly father, that has come our way, father, this morning. The trials father Lord that we go through, the suffering, oh king of glory that we go through, it cannot be compared to the glory that we shall receive. Father, we read in your word about Job. Father, he was tried. He lost many things. But father at the end of it all, oh king of glory, Lord God, the suffering, oh king of glory, that you took him through was to mold his character. The suffering that he went through was to shape his character until Father he was able to confess naked came I in this world and naked will I go out of this world and blessed be the name of the Lord. Father, we want to come, oh Lord, to such a confession. Oh, heavenly father, in our lives, Lord, when we are distressed in our lives, oh heavenly father, may our confession still be positive. Oh Lord, even when, oh king of glory, we are deep down in sickness. So heavenly father, may we have a positive confession, Lord, in our lives, oh king of glory, because father, we know that all things work together for good to them that love him, Father, we always want, oh king of glory, Lord God, that through the suffering that we go through, oh Lord, we know, oh Lord, that you are not a God of frustration. You have a purpose, or king of glory. You have a a plan, oh king of glory, Lord. You have an expected end, oh heavenly father, that you desire to bring us to. Oh king of glory, may you help us, oh king of glory, Lord God, in our times of unbelief. For heavenly father, may you hold us, oh king of glory. Lord, as we hold on to you, oh king of glory, Lord, we've been told, oh heavenly father, this morning, Lord, never to let go, Lord, like Abraham, oh Lord, waiting patiently for the promise. Oh king of glory Lord 25 years oh heavenly father still holding on oh king of glory may you help us to hold on oh king of glory because it is you heavenly father who has given the word oh lord you have given the promise oh king of glory and father we know lord that whatever comes out of your mouth oh lord had not returned void oh heavenly father we want to hold on to that oh king of glory lord god God, we want to believe every promise. Oh, heavenly father, like we have been told. Oh father, every one of us, oh Lord, is a verse. Oh Lord, every one of us is a chapter of the book. Oh Lord, may you help us, oh Lord, that we can be, oh heavenly father, true manifestations of your word. Oh Lord, when our time comes, oh heavenly father, to manifest longsuffering, oh father, I pray that our chapter, oh king of glory, may bring forth a positive manifestation. Oh king of glory, if it is our time, oh heavenly father, to manifest, oh king of glory, the goodness, oh heavenly father, to manifest, oh king of glory, Lord God, faith in your word, oh Lord, may it be so. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you and we appreciate you Lord for your word that has been spoken unto us. And Lord, we pray heavenly father that you will bless our king of glory, our precious brother. Father, may you restore strength to him, oh Lord, even for the service in the afternoon. Oh Lord and even for these your children. Lord I pray may you continue father to come and speak to us words of life to encourage us oh heavenly father. Father that the suffering that we are going through Lord is molding a character in us. Oh Lord we love you. We appreciate you and praise you. We glorify your name this afternoon Lord. We pray king of glory continuously Lord you may speak to us oh Lord as we meditate upon thy word heavenly father speak to us oh [Music] lord must Jesus bear thy cross alone and oh thou go No, there is a cross for everyone and there is a cross for me. Oh th great [Music] th shall set me free and then go and go my crown to win Oh, there's a ground for me. Amen. You appreciate the word that has been given unto us. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. The afternoon service will start at 3. We going in for lunch break. Lunch has been served outside here. Kindly get your food. Kindly get your food and please sit outside. Do not eat in here. Amen. Amen. He leadeth me. He leadeth me. Get me that song. He leadth me. He leadth me. By his own hand he leadth [Music] me. He's faithful for I would be for by his hand he leadth [Music] me. Oh he leadth me. Oh blessed thought. Oh, sweet heavenly [Applause] cal. What if I do? Where I be? Still te is God's hand that leadth me. Oh, he leadth me. He leadth me by his own hand. He leadth me. [Music] is faithful for I would be for thy handy lead [Music] me sometimes mean sins of deepest good sometimes Where [Music] was my water still? Oh, my [Music] tr still is his hand that leadth. The next verse. Lord, I would place my hand in my no mine. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Wanted in the Lord I see. See this is my God that leadth me. He leadth. He leadth me. He leadth me by his own hand. He needed me. is faithful for I would be for his hand [Music] me and when my task all is done when By thy grace the victory is one. Even death old way I will not fear. Since God through Jordan lead me. He leadth me. He leadth me. He leadth me by his own hand. He leadth me. is faithful for I would be for his hand. [Music] Oh, he leadth me. He me by his own [Music] handful. He's faithful. I would be for why his hand [Music] me. He's faithful for I would be for his help me. [Music]
