################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-02-07 - The Holy Spirit Guides         Pastor Katumba James          02.07.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-02-07
Title:    The Holy Spirit Guides |        Pastor Katumba James      |    02.07.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8jLHGuebbE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] My falling soul will heal me all my fall and so my knees. Oh, is he great? The grace, how sweet is the sound, the sound that s [Music] like me. Who I was was lost. Lost by now. I [Music] found Oh, found blind. blown. But now [Music] I see [Music] it was grace rest my heart to fear. and grace. All my fears will Oh, how great shall be the thy grace. Praise be with the [Music] wife bee all through Mayday just [Music] and Lord I have [Music] glory [Music] be [Music] Oh [Music] my Oh my [Music] go [Music] [Music] when We will we be there for 10 years will bright [Music] as the [Music] who we know not less [Music] unto [Music] God. [Music] When when we found bigger, say praise God. [Music] We praise God. Praise him. Praise God. [Music] Amen. Be praiseful. [Music] Let's praise Lord. Amen. Oh, praise God. We praise God. Let's [Music] praise God. [Music] Amen. [Music] We praise God. We praise God. Amen. [Music] We serve God. We serve God. Serve him. Serve God. We serve God. Serve God. We serve God. Amen. [Music] Oh s we serve God. Amen. [Music] We serve God. We serve God. [Music] Amen. Sing allelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Halle [Music] Hallelujah. Sing amen. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Amen. We thank you heavenly father for this good evening loving Jesus. Lord, we appreciate you for the opportunity given unto us, Lord, to make it this evening, Lord, to be in thy house. Father, we count it, Lord, as a joyful moment, Father, like as your servant David said that he was glad when they said, "Let's go in the house, Lord." Even as this day loving Jesus this evening, Father, in your presence, Lord, we are happy, we are glad. Heavenly Father, by the grace of God, Lord, be in thy house this evening, Lord, to call upon thy name, Father, to worship you, Jesus, to serve you, Father, and also lift up our hands, Lord, singing amen and Lord, singing hallelujah and your holy name, loving Jesus. We thank you, Father. We appreciate you Lord is our prayer. Heavenly father that Lord we thank you Jesus for the amazing grace. Heavenly father we thank you Jesus that you are such a caring God. Heavenly father the Lord who is always looking beyond our faults father that loving master. You look beyond our false god and saw that there was need no salvation for our souls and you granted it heavenly father Jesus by that grace heavenly father this moment Lord through thy precious blood heavenly father we have access to the hol of holies Lord through thy precious blood heavenly father we thank you Jesus for the power in your precious blood that blood that will never lose its power until the last elect will be seen no more. Heavenly Father, we pray that Lord, as we are starting this service, in thy name, Father, we pray heaven Lord and let your presence Lord be in our midst. Father, that you come thous Jesus in our midst. Heavenly Father that you take us how you told the name come down David Jesus and be our guide be our leader heavenly father by granting us Lord special wisdom father and also that understanding Lord the loving Jesus by your grace heavenly father we position heavenly father to guide the revelation of where you're leading us life heavenly father in this house on we are in your presence father praying for your perfect Will heavenly father thanking you for the amazing grace of all. It is that grace that has brought us all this far to this level. It is not our good heavenly father. It is not our heavenly father since we start the walk with God at this time. Heavenly father is all about amazing grace father that's why we sing about that amazing grace this heavenly father. I mean Jesus we pray heavenly father that even the journey that is still laying ahead of us heavenly father Lord we lay everything before you Jesus praying for your perfect father for your guidance lord and above all father we pray that give us that closer walk with you heavenly father that we should always walk with you Jesus we should always walk with you father hold our hands oh in this Christian walk father in this journey of salvation lord We know that on our own father there is nothing that we can do to increase upon this salvation. Father it is a finished work Lord. When you say that it is a finished father we are praying heavenly master. Lord give us your grace. Lord always step in your finished work heavenly father as you lead us through heaven. Lord not going as but always stay in between the white lines. Father, that heavenly master by serving Lord one of these days more we shall stand perfected father again from you father united with our love precious master is our humble prayer lord as we meet your servants in this any time those who are labing father lord to feed the f father preparing the bride for rapture which is at hand lord we ask for your grace to be sufficient upon their father We commit their ministries Lord. Thank you heavenly father. Loving Jesus have mercy upon them Lord. Use them as your anointed vessels father in this end time Lord that by the grace of God heavenly master you grant them that protection lord. What it takes father and also equip them father. Oh with special grace heavenly father in keeping them loving Jesus for the ahead of them master when they meet those times of challenges Lord that you always stand by their side Lord as their all in all. We thank you Jesus for the far you brought us home from father we commit our future unto you Jesus. Heavenly Father, this day we are committing this service into your hands. Heaven master Lord not forgetting our precious brothers and sisters those who are their ways come to join us here those going in other places grant them judge mercies heavenly father that heaven Lord whosoever gets lord give us a grace heaven master to obey thy leadership Lord Jesus give us a great father to catch the revelation of where you be leading us tonight Lord just like the four living creatures where your spirit building us. Father, give us your grace just to yield, Lord, and follow you. Heavenly Father, being in line with the picture this evening, Lord, we commit everything unto you. Have mercy upon us, Father. We thank you, Jesus, in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Give me that song. He says, "He down his hand for me." When he reached down his hand for me. [Music] Once my soul was array and heavenly way and was raed and vain as could be. [Music] and my savior above gave me peace, joy and love. Oh his heart for me, for me. Oh, when he down his hand for me. Oh, when he down his hand for me. For I was lost and under. Oh, without God. Oh, his son. Oh, when it rain down his hand for me. For me where I was near rain. Oh, he came to me there. They sure be that [Music] free. All th my gave me glory. Recomplain. Oh, when it rain down his rain for me. Oh, for me. Oh, when it rain down his eyes for me. Oh, down his eyes for me. Oh, I was lost and I were without God. Oh, he served. Oh, when he reached down his hand for me, for me, how my heart does rejoice all things I may hear my joy all from the Hey, now I fle. Oh, now I lay on his arm where I'm set you from all sinc. Oh, when he reaches down his eyes for me. Oh, when it rain down is high for me. Oh, I was lost and under where without God. Oh, he s. Oh, when he reached down his for me, for me. Oh, says the Lord. Give me peace. Peace. Heaven joy. Never say now Lord I give [Music] all my life to thee. Oh guide my faith, hold my heart, Lord, grant within I may all for your way down your high for me. for me. Oh, he rain down his hand for me. Oh, down his arm for me. [Music] For I was lost, lost and I well without God. Oh, [Music] all when it rain down his for me. for me. [Music] Oh, this is like heaven to me. [Music] This is like heaven to me. Oh, I've crossed over Jordan to Canada and this is like heaven. Oh, said this is this is like heaven to me. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Oh, I've to land and this is like heaven. We find many people. Oh, we find many people who can't understand why we are so happy afraid. [Music] Well, we've lost so much to this like he to me. Oh, hallelujah. This is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. Oh, I've done [Music] this like heaven to me. Oh, when I get happy, I sing and I shout the devil on the living. I sing with me with the spirit and des. [Music] Oh, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. Oh, we close to my shoulder to guide. And this is like heaven. Oh, when I get happy, oh when I get happy, I sing and I shout that they won't believe it. I say [Music] without spir and let it die down and that's what the matter will be. Oh to me like heaven to me. Oh, we should like heaven to me. Amen. This is like heaven to me. Hallelujah. Yeah. Give me song number 67. 67. As we prepare to receive the minister to be like Jesus. [Music] To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. Oh, all night long. I look to be like him. Like him all through life's journey. From us to growing. [Music] I only ask to be like him. Oh, from Bethlehem's manger. Oh, came forth the stranger. And on as I long I would be like him. All things my faithful savior. Oh how rich is favor. [Music] Oh, thy Lord. I long to be like, to be like him. To be like J. Jesus. To be my [Music] Jesus. Honor my Lord. Oh, I look to be like him. Like him. I will life journey. From earth to glory. [Music] I long as they ask. I ask to be like him. Oh, sen and home. Holy be on my Lord. [Music] I love to be like him. Oh my grace for him. G and h your heaven. Where are thy Lord? I Lord to be like to be like him. To be like Jesus. Oh to be like Jesus. Oh, th I know to be like him. [Music] All the lies from earth to glory. [Music] I am to be like. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and we thank God for another opportunity to be in his presence. We appreciate God for bringing our pastor back safely from Maza. Mhm. That's the spirit of the truth. And then he say that I have many things to say unto you. But you cannot bear them. You know, in other words, you cannot receive them at this time. But then as time goes on, you will be receiving them by step. You are going to be understanding them. Praise the name of our Lord. The goodness of the Lord gives us as we have need of the name of our Lord leading us and guiding us. So the Holy Spirit is actually the guide. Praise the name of our Lord, the message, a guide. He says now in this verse 13 [Music] but when he the spirit of truth is come he will guide you into all truth. When the spirit of truth is come he will guide you into all truth. What is truth? The word. For he shall speak, he shall not speak of himself, but what he hears, he will speak. What he hears, he will speak. Other words, he will be the one that will reveal the thing. You see and the fourth chapter of Hebrews, the Bible say the word of God is sharper than is sharper more than more powerful than a two-edged sword. a discerner of the thoughts of the mind, the heart. See what he hears. He will speak and he will show you things to come. See what's going to do that. The Holy Spirit who will come in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. And then here he says now a guide you know now a guide has to know the way. He has to know where he is going and what he is doing and how to take care of you as along the road. See, he's got to see that you don't come up lost a guide is a selected man. The state selects this man if he is a guide. And now in going on a trip into the wilderness where perhaps you are not used to going. It's not a good thing for you to go without one. Praise the name of our Lord. A guide guides us or directs us. He leads you actually because you know like God told the children of Israel that you don't know the way. So then he had to send an angel a pillar of fire which was going ahead of them to guide them in the path. Praise the name of our Lord. Now the the scripture says that when the pillar of fire stayed in a place the people also stayed in that place. But now when the pillar of fire started moving they also started moving. But what was in front following the pillar of fire where the priests carrying the ark of the covenant. Praise the name of our Lord. We do the same thing in our journey that we are in the third exodus. So we also need the guide of the Holy Spirit so that we can be able to possess the promise of our day. Praise the name of our Lord. We need a guy that can go ahead of us. And now God has sent the Holy Spirit as our guide. And then you see the Bible has says that when the spirit of truth is come, he will guide us into all truth, not some truth. But then all the truth and all the truth is the word of God. So now when we get the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit will be concerned that we fulfill all the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the purpose of the Holy Spirit. that he can guide us, that he can lead us. So now if we are going to be guided by the Holy Spirit, we need to be submissive. Praise the name of our Lord, obedient to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. In the message, the hand of the Lord came upon me. He says now kind he heavenly father the word of God must have first place in the service. I must have first place I must have first place in our life. It must have first place in our life and be first place in our thoughts for it is eternal. and shall never pass away. My words has to be altered like any other man's word. Times and has to be altered to meet time. Thy word never changes. There is no altering to God's word. It is forever the same. And we are grateful for this. And now, Holy Spirit, author of this word, will you come and open it for us tonight? And may the speaker be so submissive until you'll be able to come in and take the word of God and place it right out into every hungry heart. And may there it lodge find its abiding place. And may it bring forth fruit. 100fold salvation, healing, joy, peace. Grant it father. Praise the name of our lord. So here, brother was saying that we need to be submissive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. And Christianity is all about being submissive, being obedient to the word, being obedient to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Like the Bible says, when the Lord Jesus Christ was filled with the spirit, the Holy Spirit himself led him into the wilderness in Luke 4:1. And Jesus being full of the Holy Ghost returned from Jordan and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness. Now the Bible says that the Holy Spirit led Jesus into the wilderness. And then the scripture says days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing. And when he were ended he afterward hungered. So praise the name of the Lord. He was depending upon the leadership of the Holy Spirit until he was saying I can do nothing except what I see my father do. So what when he would see a vision that's when he would do what the vision is instructing and so that's the same way the Holy Ghost comes down in our lives and he leads us you may not be able to see a vision but then you may end up doing some things by inspiration because the Bible says in the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord and how the Lord orders our footsteps. It is his sovereign grace. Sometimes he can speak to you. Maybe sometimes you can see an angel can instruct you like you see Cornelius. He was praying until the angel came down in Acts chapter 10. And now when the angel came down, he told him, sent for people to go and call for Simon Peter. So Ana, I mean Cornelius was obedient to the leadership of God. And then you see somewhere else Anas, he also saw a vision and God was telling him go to this place. You get a man called Saul is praying. And then again when you look at the vision of of Cornelius Cornelius actually it's the angel that physically came down. Now, Ananas, he knew what a vision was because he was a prophet and the word came to the prophet. And then when you go back to an Cornelius, Peter was hungry and then he saw a vision of, you know, things which which coming down from heaven, all sorts of animals. And then the voice told him, "Slay and eat." And then it came down three times. And then Peter was telling the voice, "Ah, I've never eaten something unclean." Let us go to that book of Acts chapter 10. And pick up that scripture. Acts chapter 10 and then we go and pick verse 12. Okay. Verse 10. And he became very hungry and would have eaten. But while they made ready, he fell into a trance. And so heaven opened, and a certain vessel descending unto him, as it had been a great sheet knit at the four corners, and let down to the earth. Wherein were all manner of forooted beasts of the earth and wild beasts and creeping things and falls of the air. And there came a voice to him, "Rise, Peter, kill and eat. [Music] Lord, for I have never eaten anything that is common or unclean. Now you see that Peter was so much held up in the law of Moses until he recognized what he was being told to eat. And then he said, "I can't eat something unclean." That was his understanding. And then now the voice corrected him and said, "What God has cleansed that call not common. This was done thrice and the vessel was received up into heaven again. So now Peter was held in the law of Moses and he knew there I can't associate with uncleaness and now when he came out of the vision he started wondering what does the vision mean says he doubted within himself what the vision vision he had seen should meet. Now at that same time when he was thinking about the vision, why the Lord tell him to eat things which are not clean and the men that Cornelius had sent had already reached the place. And then the Bible says, "Behold, the men which were sent from Cornelius had made inquiry of Simon's house and stood before the gate." Verse 17. [Music] and called and that's whether Simon which was son named Peter was loded there. And then the Bible says Peter thought on the vision. The Holy Spirit said unto him, Behold, three men seek thee. Arise for and get thee down. go with them doubting nothing for I have sent them. Praise the name of our Lord. But then you look the other side. It was the angel that told Cornelius this side. The Holy Spirit telling Peter, I have sent these people. So now the Holy Spirit guided Peter into all truth. That's what the Lord is doing. To know that there is nothing anymore called unclean. The unclean thing now is sin. Not what you eat, not some people. It is the element of sin that makes somebody unclean. And then when somebody is unclean, there is the blood of Jesus Christ removed that uncleanness. So the Holy Spirit guided Peter into his word into the revealed word to know that there is no other no more people you call unclean because of their race or their origin. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Holy Spirit guided Peter and then told him please go with those people. And when Peter reached the house of Cornelius, he started asking Cornelius, why have you sent for me? Because those men told him. And then Peter just started talking about the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. It was the leadership of the Holy Spirit guiding Peter changing his thoughts about the people he would look at as unclean. The same thing the Holy Spirit when Ananas when God was telling him about St. Paul about Saul. Then Ananas was telling God that man is so terrible. But then what happened? The Holy Spirit told him that don't I've already chosen this man to be a vessel unto me. Praise the name of our Lord. So you see that the Holy Spirit guides us into all truth. He directs us. Praise the name of our Lord. Be yielding to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit will always guide us into the word of God. The word that God has made known to us. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother, you are welcome with part of your family. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the word became flesh. He says God is expressed thought into the human heart moves right on as the immortal God leads his subjects from place to place. [Music] The Bible say the footsteps of the righteous man is ordered of the Lord. How new is the world? How long is eternity? When we think of the word of God expressed through the lips of a mortal being yet so submissive to the word of God. He said Isaiah spoke of it and they could not do it because Isaiah had said it under inspiration that Jesus Christ the Emmanuel here on earth with all the scriptures from everywhere walked on the earth. He knew that he was going to raise up the third day. Why? Because David under inspiration said, "I will not leave his soul in hell, neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption." He said, "Therefore my heart rejoiced and my flesh was made was made glad." When Jesus under one word anction spoke by God through a man that he had his ups and downs David said I will not leave his soul in hell neither see my holy one see corruption. Praise the name of our Lord. So when the word of God is spoken is always it will always come to pass. Praise the name of our Lord. It will always come to pass because it has a destiny or it has a purpose it has to fulfill. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message a guide still brother Brandham says God sends a guide and God wants you to remember that that is his appointed guide and we must remember him. Here it says Jesus said, "I will not leave you, but I'll pray the father that will send you another comforter." And this comforter when he was to come was to guide us into all truth. And the word of God is the truth. And the word is Christ. I am the way, the truth, and the life. He is the word. In the beginning was the word. And the word was with God, and the word was God, and the word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us. Then if we follow the real true guide, the Holy Spirit. He was to tell us what he had seen, what he had heard and what was to show us things that is to come. There you are. He's going to show you things to come. And when the churches today reject that, how can we ever expect to go to heaven when the Holy Spirit was sent to us a guide? We will take some cardinal or some bishop, some general overseer, somebody like that to guide us when the Holy Ghost was to give was to be our guide. The Holy Spirit always speaks the word. I've got many things to tell you, but you cannot understand it now. But when he comes, he will guide you to eat. That's the reason coming of the seals at the finishing of the seventh seal. The mystery of God should be finished. know who God is, what he is, how he lives, his nature, his being. You are supposed to be all the way up here by that time. You are supposed to be up here by that time to bring us into the full stature of sons and daughters of God. A church that is washed into the full stature of sons and daughters of God. A church that is washed in the blood of Jesus Christ that is bought without money and is paid for by the blood of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to yield to the Holy Spirit as our guide. Praise the name of our Lord. The Holy Spirit guides us and he guides us into all truth, not some truth because the word of God is spoken by the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. what the Bible says when you read in revelation chapter 2 here what the spirit says unto the churches. So it is the word of God is already spoken by the holy spirit to us and now when we are obedient to that word of god. Praise the name of our Lord. Then we are following the Holy Spirit. We are under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. We are under the guidance of the Holy Spirit. And it should always be our desire that Lord lead me, Lord guide me. Like in Psalms 31 verse1, He says, "In thee, oh Lord, do I put my trust. Let me never be ashamed. Deliver me in thy righteousness." Psalm 31:1 Bow down thine ear to me. Deliver me speedily. Be th my strong rock for an house of defense to save me. For thou at my rock and my fortress, therefore, for thy name's sake, lead me and guide me. Praise the name of the Lord. So David is calling upon the Lord. Guide me, lead me, direct me, show me the path that I have to take. And you see this should be always our desire all the time that you rely on the Holy Spirit. Allow the Holy Spirit to guide you every day whereby you don't take your own decision. And how does the Holy Spirit guide us? The Holy Spirit guides us by us yielding to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Because a guide speaks. A guide teaches and the Holy Ghost speaks to us. The way he we have seen he spoke to Peter. And then there's also another example here in Acts chapter 8 and then verse 29. Praise the name of our Lord. Then the spirit said unto Philillip, "Go near and join thyself to this chariot." Acts 8:29. Praise the name of our Lord. The spirit telling Philillip because Philillip was preaching in a big city. And then the the angel of the Lord told Philillip in verse 29. And the angel of the Lord spoke unto Philillip. Verse 26. Arise, go toward the south unto the way that goes down to Jerusalem and to Gaza, which is the desert. Praise the name of our Lord. So you see the spirit of God desires to lead us in everything that we do. Praise the name of our Lord. And God has sent the Holy Spirit to guide the church in the message the valley full of ditches. He says, "And God ne never did have at any time a group of men to run his church. his duty. That's what he's here for. That's what God sent him for. He will teach you. He will guide you into all truth and he will show you things to come and reveal these things. Take these sayings of mine and reveal them to you. Not the seminary, not as good as they are, not the church as good as it as it is, but the Holy Spirit that is the teacher and we've tried to adopt the man to take this Holy Spirit's place. We've tried to adopt certain different offices in the church to take the office of the apostles. apostles, prophets, and so forth in the church. But God set the gifts in the church. And we've took men and made them gifts instead of God's gifts. And that's what we are in today. You know, like in the denominations, you know, somebody goes and does a theological college degree and that makes him to qualify to be a gift of God. So it they just turn it around. Praise the name of our Lord. somebody who can speak so well an orator and then they say now this one can preach but then they didn't know that God chose Moses who was a stammer and then he used that one to write part of the Old Testament. stammer. Praise the name of our Lord. But because he was chosen of God and so Moses was being used by the Holy Spirit to speak the word of God, the way the Bible tells us that prophets in the Old Testament, they spoke as they were led by the Holy Spirit. because they even didn't understand but then they were under inspiration. So even us now we need the Holy Spirit because the Bible says in the Old Testament God spoke by the prophets but now he speaks in the son and now the son is the word. Praise the name of our Lord. We begin to see that we receive the word of God. The Lord can lead us Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message a guide he says now if God give a dark enough sense to know how to dodge the coldness. How ought he to have give the church that can do that by instinct. What about the Holy Spirit in the church? It ought to lead us from all formalities and crits and things [Music] into a glorious wonderful baptism of the Holy Spirit. It brings virtue, knowledge, patience, godliness and holiness. That's what the real guide will lead because he will breathe out nothing but the gospel just the word of God. Sure, you need a guide. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says the Holy Spirit who has been given to us will always lead us into the things that pertain to the kingdom of God. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's why we really need to yield ourselves to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Brother Brham says that the Holy Spirit feeds on the word. So then you need to feed the word that the Holy Spirit can take that word you have read and then guide you how to fulfill that word. Praise the name of our Lord that the Holy Ghost can remind you the word. We need to see that we yield to the leadership of God. Praise the name of our Lord. In the message, the spirit of truth, he says, now in Hebrews chapter one, God in sun times and divine and diverse manners spoke to the father through the prophets. but in this last day by his son Christ Jesus. See it is the Holy Spirit taking over possession taking over possession of the church to operate Christ in the church. Then you become as he was. He became you. He became as you was. He became as he was. He become you that you might become him. That is it. It's above understanding. There is no way to explain it. And don't try it. Just accept it. He spoke it and that settles it. Praise the name of our Lord. So then the Holy Spirit when he takes over our lives, he makes us to be like Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord, the way Jesus was led in the wilderness, the way Jesus was led in many different places. Even the spirit of God now leads us. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to see that we yield to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. Like Elijah, praise the name of our Lord. Elijah was led by the Holy Spirit. When you read in second kings chapter 2, Elijah was led from one place to another place and he had to follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit. You know there are some women in the Bible who would see either Elijah or Elisha who would see Elijah or Elisha. Every morning they would walk going maybe to a certain mountain. They go and then they come back. They go and then they come back. But I wonder they were wondering what were they going to do? They were being led by the spirit of God. Brother Brham, he would say, "I'm going to the wilderness, not necessarily to hunt, not the main issue of hunting, but to wait on the Lord, that he can know the will of God, cannot the purpose of God for different issues." And so then he would wait, sometimes takes days. Praise the name of our Lord. An answer from God. So they were always depending on the leadership of God. And that should also be the same thing with us. When we are making decisions in our lives, you have to see that you seek the Lord. Lord, I have this issue before me. May you guide me which decision to make in my life. Praise the name of our Lord. Like maybe you are looking a place where you want to stay. Pray to God to guide you to the right place. You want a place of work. Pray to God to guide you to the right place. Maybe you want marriage. Pray to get the right wife. Pray to get the right husband. All things that concern your life, learn to depend upon the leadership of God, praise the name of our Lord. Even the challenges that you face at home, the challenges that you face at work, you learn to commit them to the Lord and then you are not depending upon your understanding. The Bible says lean not on your understanding. But then you say Lord I have this dilemma. I don't know how to go about this issue. You wait on the Lord to see how the Holy Spirit will guide you on that particular issue. But then you know there are some people who want to put excuses there. Like now there are people in the days of Jeremiah they came to Jeremiah And then they told Jeremiah, "Oh, pray for us that we know the will of God." And now Jeremiah told them whatever the Lord will tell me that I'm going to tell you. Praise the name of our Lord. Okay, it's good. I've got the scripture here. Jeremiah chapter 42. You know there was a captivity that was going on in Israel. So now these people they came to Jeremiah Jeremiah 42:1 then all the captains of the forces and Johannan the son of Ker and Jezania the son of Hosia and all the people from the list even unto the greatest came near. for [Music] and said unto Jeremiah the prophet, "Let we beseech thee, our supplication be acceptable before thee, and pray for us unto the Lord thy God, even for all discriminant, for we are left but a few of many as thine eyes do behold us. that that the Lord thy God may show us the way we are in. We may walk. And the thing that we may do Then Jeremiah the prophet said unto them, I have heard you. Behold, I will pray unto the Lord your God according to your words. And it shall come to pass that whatsoever thing the Lord shall answer you, I will declare it unto you, and I'll keep nothing back from you. Chari char. Then they said to Jeremiah, "The Lord be a true and faithful witness between us. If we do not even according to all the things for the Lord the Lord thy God shall send to thee, whether it be good or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of the Lord our God, to whom we send thee, that it may be well with us when we obey the voice of the Lord our God. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! Lord. So Jeremiah went and prayed to the Lord. Then after 10 days, God told Jeremiah, "Tell these people not to leave the land. Let them not go anywhere else. I will protect them while they are here. Let them not go in Egypt." And then he said, "But if they decide to go in Egypt, they should know that they are going to be destroyed there." Now when Jeremiah came to tell these people the council of the Lord, they told Jeremiah, "What you are saying is false." In chapter 43:1, And it came to pass that when Jeremiah had made an end of speaking unto all the people, all the words of the Lord their God, for which the Lord their God had sent him to them, even all these words Then spoke Aaria the son of Hoser and Johannan the son of Ka and all the proud men, saying unto Jeremiah, Tho speaketh falsely, the Lord our God has not sent thee to say, Go not into Egypt to s John there. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! praise the name of our Lord. They came to ask with their intentions already declared in their hearts. until Jeremiah prophesied to them, God has said remain here. God has said don't go to Egypt. Then they said no no no no you are deceiving. We have to go to Egypt and they ended up going to Egypt. Now but look what Peter Peter when he saw the vision from heaven and then he started doubting and then the Holy Spirit told him don't doubt. We also need to yield to the guide of the Holy Spirit. Sometimes the leadership of the Holy Spirit may not take you into pleasant places according to your mind. It may not be pleasant to you. It may not be the most famous way. It may not be the most convenient thing at that time. But then the Holy Spirit knows why he's leading you into that kind of place. Praise the name of Lord. Because he knows the end from the beginning. He knows what is going to happen afterwards. So now when the Holy Spirit guides us, let us not be proud like these men. Ah, no. I don't think that's the the will of God. We need to yield to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. When the word of God tells you, do this. Humble yourself and do what the word of the Lord is telling you. Because he guides us into all truth. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to learn how to yield to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. And we need to be like Cornelius rather like Simeon. Let me just conclude with Simeon in Luke chapter 2 and then verse 25 Bible says and behold there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon. The same man was just and devote waiting for the consolation of Israel and the Holy Ghost was upon him. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should not see death before he had seen the Lord is Christ. And he came by the spirit into the temple. And when the parents brought in the child Jesus to do for him after the custom of the law, then he took him up in his hands and blessed the Lord. Praise God. The Holy Spirit was upon Simeon. We also need to have the Holy Spirit in our lives. And the Holy Spirit will always guide us. to the truth. He knows the time of fulfillment of everything. The same Holy Spirit took Simeon and took him where Jesus was as a baby. You know, there were so many babies that were brought in the temple, but it had to be the Holy Spirit to know who exactly is this Christ. That's how the Holy Ghost will also lead us even into the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. We just need to be under continuous leadership of the Holy Spirit. He knows what exactly is going to happen at your place of work. Allow the Holy Ghost to be your guide. at your home. Allow the Holy Ghost to be your guide in your life. Allow the Holy Ghost to be your guide. You know the Bible says, "If you call upon the name of the Lord, he shall save you. Praise him." Like David said in Psalms 23, "The Lord is my shepherd. He leads me beside still waters. guides me to green pastures. He knows where is best for us. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us depend upon the leadership of the Holy Spirit. As the spirit of God guides us through the way, praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you. Amen. Let us stand up and sing that song where he leads me. On Sunday we having two services and then we shall have the Lord's supper after the second service. Praise the name of our Lord. Okay. 68 158 Okay. 168. Amen. I can bless you. I can hear my Savior [Music] calling. [Music] I can hear my savior holy. I can hear my savior calling. Day I cross and follow [Music] me. Where he leads me now. Where he leads me, I will follow. Where he is, I will follow. Where he lives me, I will follow. [Music] I'll go with him, with him all the way. I'll go with him through the garden. Oh, I'll go with him through the garden. I go within through the garden. [Music] I'll go with the garden. I'll go with him, with [Music] all the way. I'll go with him through the judgment. I'll go with him through the judgement. I'll go with him through the judgement. humble with him. Through the judgement, [Music] our God, waiting all the way. He will give me grace and glory. He will give me grace and glory. Hallelujah. He will give me grace and glory. He will give me grace and glory [Music] and glory with [Music] thee all the way. Where he leads me as we go to pray. Oh, where he leads me, I will follow. Hallelujah. Will he lead me? I will follow. Where he leads me, I will follow. Our God within all thou. Each of us can pray. Father, how we thank you Lord Jesus Christ. How we glorify your holy name. How we magnify your holy name. Blessed be thy name Lord Jesus forever more Lord. How we desire you heavenly father to lead us Lord to guide us Lord for you alone knows the way father you alone knows the challenges that stand before us father we pray you may give us the grace in the name of Jesus Christ to always yield to the leadership of the Holy Spirit sometimes we may not know exactly what we are doing Lord how you told Peter when you are washing him and he was saying I don't want you to wash me and Then you told me what I do you may not know but you'll know later on. And many times heavenly father how the holy spirit leads us. Sometimes in things we may not understand. Sometimes in things we have never known but still the leadership of the holy spirit. How you led Peter heavenly father to go to Cornelius's house. Oh god. And you said this is the chosen person Lord. How you led Ana's heavenly father to go to where Saul was and yet he looked at him as a persecutor. Lord your ways Lord are past finding out. I pray may give us the grace heavenly father to yield to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Have mercy upon us heavenly father and deliver us heavenly father from all rebarious spirits. Many times the devil would want us to reject the leadership of the holy spirit. Sometimes we want to move by what many people think is the right way. Oh Lord, I pray may help us. No wonder what the Bible says. Many people going into the white way and said many of them go there because they want to go by the popular way. They want to go by the easy way. They want to go by the path of least resistance. But Lord, your ways are past finding out. I pray may give us the grace in the name of Jesus Christ. Not to go where the masses go. Not to go where many people go. Not to go in that wide and destructive way. But in the name of Jesus Christ that we may make a decision, Lord, to follow that narrow path, Lord, to walk through that straight gate, heavenly father. Oh God, to make a right decision in our lives, Father. the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Lord, sometimes the places are not pleasing, Lord. But Lord, you know when you are taking us through all these places, Lord, even as you said, oh God, taking us through different situations, Lord, some through the floods, some through the water, some through the fire, but all of us will go through the blood. Give us the grace, heavenly father, to yield to your leadership, Lord, to depend upon you, Lord, and to call upon the name of the Lord. How we love you, heavenly father. How we call upon your name. Guide us, heavenly father. Direct us, heavenly father, and cause us to seek your face. Cause us to depend upon you. Cause us to call upon your name. Help us every other day, Lord, leading us, Lord, guiding us, Lord, even the things that do that all our lives father may be yielded unto you. We need you, heavenly father. We call upon your name. We ask you for your goodness, Lord. We ask you for the forgiveness, Lord, of all our sins and our trespasses, of all our failures, Lord. Be magnified. Be glorified, Lord. You are worthy, Lord. You are holy, Lord. You are wonderful, Lord. And you change out. Oh God, be magnified. Heavenly Father, oh God of our salvation, how we adore you, Lord Jesus Christ. Help us heavenly father to completely surrender Lord to thy leadership to completely surrender Lord to your power. The power of divine the Holy Spirit teaching us Lord guiding us Lord directing us Lord and showing the path we have to take. We need you heavenly father. Oh most precious father show us your way. Help us to walk in your way. Help us to walk in your truth. Help us fulfill your word. Help us, heavenly father, to depend upon you, Lord. Oh, most precious father. We need you, oh God. We depend upon you, Lord Jesus. We call upon your name. Help us, Lord. What a day we're living in. Lord, lead us into all truth. Lord, direct us, heavenly father. We need you, heavenly father. Bless us all together. Oh God, wash us in the blood of Jesus Christ and forgive us of all our failures, Lord. Fill us with your spirit Lord that more and more of God may come down in our lives. More and more of God may be revealed in us. More and more of God may be manifested in us. We honestly depending upon you. Help us Jesus and bless us and fill us and teach us and guide us and direct us and reveal yourself to us and manifest yourself to us. How we love you, Father. Oh, we thank you, Father, for your great goodness, for your mercies, Lord. Blessed be thy holy name forever more. We thank you for this day, Lord. We thank you for the service you've given unto us today, oh God, to worship you, to honor you, to adore you, oh God. You are always awesome, Father. We sure need more of you in our lives. Father, we need your leadership, Lord. We need your guidance, Lord. Father, make the way clearer for us, Father, that we may walk in it, not to stumble again or not to fall away again or not to turn against it, Lord, but to cherish, Father, thy leadership, Lord, for you are awesome, for you are wonderful. You are holy, Lord. You're worthy, Lord. And we bless your holy name. Thank you for this service, Father. Thank you for making us part of this meeting, Lord. And father, even as we've come to the end of this service, Lord, we commit ourselves into your hands, praying that you may lead us as we go back home and watch over us, Father. We also praying for our brothers and sisters whenever to come for this service. We pray may give them grace, Lord, in whatever situation that held them back. May your grace reach unto them. Help them also, Father, that all together you may help us to depend upon the leadership of the Holy Spirit. We love you, Lord, and we thank you. Be with us, Lord. And again as we come back on Sunday we pray you may bring us safely. Lord we remember our sister Jenna will father whose father has passed on. Father we commit her into your hands. Lord we pray may give our comfort Lord together with the family Lord that you may also help heavenly father in the funeral arrangements Lord and even grant over must the brother that be going for the burial Lord. We pray may take charge over everything that's going to be done and give our sister comfort Lord. We commit even others who are sick and afflicted or having kind of distresses in their lives. We pray that you may remember them and deliver them out of all those stressions. And Lord Jesus that Lord you may be manifested in our lives all together. We thank you for all the things you do. We glorify and magnify your holy name forever more. Be with us and bless us again in the name of the Lord Jesus who grant us grace. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come to the end of the service. So God bless you so much. On Sunday we have two services remember and then the Lord is supper. Amen. Let us sing that song. [Music] Some through the water. Some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through great sorrow. But God gives a song [Music] in the night seas and all the day long. Sometimes on the mountain where the sun shines so bright. God leads their children alone. Sometimes in the valley, in the darkest of nights, God lives their children alone. Some through the water, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood, some through grad [Music] gives a song in the night his own and all the day long. Though sorrows before us and set up, God laid saves their children alone. Progress we can coner defeat all our fools. God leades their children alone. Some through the water, some through the blood, some through the fire. But all through the ground, some through great sorrow, but God gives us in the night season and all the day long. Away from the bar and away from the clay. God lives his dear children. Now we are glory [Music] day. All sing your children alone. [Music] Some throat the water. Some fl [Music] all through the land. up through great sorrow, but God gives us the song in the night season, [Music] the day long. [Music] [Music]
