################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Inner Veil  Pastoral  Handover Ceremony ( Evening Session ) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Inner Veil  Pastoral  Handover Ceremony ( Evening Session )
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YETGALYj3V0
========================================

[Music] God himself will help you is my [Music] serve the Lord for ye shall serve. The [Music] Lord shall bless my presence. [Music] Thank you very much. Say no. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Okay. Thank you. Um, welcome. Sorry you sat before I told you to sit. Please stand up. I I am the director programs DP. Carefully follow my instructions. We are standing up to honor God. Amen. I invite Samson to do two things. Thank God this session to God but also bless the welcome. Let's pray. Most gracious heavenly father once again we come before you this afternoon. We appreciate you Lord for the service we had in church and Lord here we again for this function. We commit everything to your hands Lord even before us. sanctified to serve you and bless this function in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Thank you very much. But before you sit, please give a big hand clap to the Lord. Amen. And can we appreciate our pastors? Amen. Thank you. We may enjoy the comfort of our seats. I've been guided that all the children are going to be served from over there. Sister Martha, where are you? Sister. Yeah. Okay. Amen. Sister hope will direct. So the children please. Sister hope behind the red tent. Can I have the ashes please? I will request the ushers to come and then we'll be leading the people so we can get served. We want to do that as fast as possible. In between we'll start our speeches. All ushers with tax please come over. just come and those in charge of the high table, please take over assigned to that table, that tent, please. Yes, you know where to usher them to and then we do the best we can quickly. Others, I want to say you're almost welcome. Happy to see you all from near and far. May the Lord bless you as we enjoy the company of one another here. Thank you as we enjoy some music and then we'll get on with the rest of the program. Thank you. [Music] [Music] by Ashes. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] So we have two points. Yes. [Music] [Music] I have the Lord is good. I want more. I want more. Have you tested? Have you seen that the Lord is good? He is faithful. He is true. I have tested and I've seen that the Lord is good. I want more. I want more. Have you tested as you see that the Lord is good? He is [Music] faithful. He is true. I have tested and I see that the Lord is good. Come and test and you will see that the Lord is good. He is faithful. Oh, he is true. If you are tested, I do see that the Lord is good. Don't you want more? Don't you want more? Oh, come on test and you will see that the Lord is good. Tested understand that the Lord is good once more. Have you tested? Have you seen that the Lord is good? He is faithful. He is true. I have tested and I've seen that the Lord is good. [Music] He blesses a desire on my heart that he made fulfilling people that the enemy should try and save me. Mercy may save me. You light the blade of sickness to my body. Thy may heal me. It is all for the glory of his name. [Music] He blesses our desire of my heart that he will feel it. He promised that the enemy should try and tell me that he may save me. against the blood of sickness to my body that he may heal me. It is all for the glory of his name. I have tested and I've seen that the Lord is good and I want more. I want more. Have you tested? Have you seen that the Lord is good? He is faithful. He is [Music] true. I have tested and I've seen that the Lord is good. Just keep walking in his love and trusting in his word and you will see. Oh, you will see that the Lord we serve is faithful. Let's just keep walking in his life and trusting in his word. You will see. Oh, you will see. But the Lord Love is faithful. [Music] [Music] Yes. Sorry. [Music] [Music] Lord, dwell inside of me. Let me be a witness of your glory. Let me be your fruitful branch. Let me display fruits of your nature. Lord, dwell inside of me. Let me be your witness of your glory. Let me be your fruitful ground. Let me be proof of your nature. [Music] He was a captain struck with deep sea. She was a servant. [Music] When she was born, there was a baby in her who testify through her. She witnessed of his building power to a master and he was free of me with inside of [Music] me. Let me be a witness of your glory. Let me be a put for Christ. But we just love your soul. Your [Music] nature. Let me be a witness of your glory. Let me be your fruitful ground. Let me display fruit on your [Music] nation. Lord, let me not be just a [Music] listener, but also a believer of [Music] your mighty faces in me. Let me be a mirror of your ability. Let me be [Music] testimony. [Music] Lord, let me be a witness of your glory. Let me be your fruitful branch. Let me display fruits on your nation inside of me. Let me be a witness of your glory. Let me be forever. Let me display fruit of your [Music] nature of [Music] me. Let me be a witness of your glory. Let me be a fruitful branch. Let me display fruit of your nature. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh Lord, help me catch the revelation of this day. [Music] We have had God spoke to Yes. [Music] before through the prophets in days of war. No, Samuel, Elijah, Amos, Hosea, and Jonah and vision, signs and prophecies, hidden in shadows, a message of God and simplicity by the people. They missed it. That day I can't miss it like they did in the day. Oh Lord, the message of my Lai 4 as revealed in this last day. Open my eyes Lord to see what they miss in this day. Oh Lord, help me catch the revelation of this nor like they did in the day. Oh Lord, the message of my love for as revealed in this last day. Open my eyes, Lord. So see what they miss in this day. Oh Lord, help me crush the revelation of this day. We have had how God spoke to his people before through the prophets in days of all. Noah somewhere Elijah the most possess in vision signs and prophecies hidden in types and shadows. the message of God and simplicity. But the people they missed it the day I can miss it like they did in the day. Oh Lord, the message of my love I for revealed in this last day. Open my eyes Lord to see what they miss in this day. Oh our healthy heart the revelation I know. No, I can't miss it. No, I can't miss it like they did in the day. My Lord, the message of my voice as revealed in this last day. Open my eyes, Lord, to see what they miss in this day. Oh Lord, help me crush the revelation of this day. Know in the same simplicity, God speaks to the church today through the message of the hour. Are you reveal to the prophets of this day? But like they deepen they go on to reject him. the Messiah and his one to the true hearts of God and hallelujah and to revelation of this day I can be praising in their day. Oh Lord, the message of my life I for revealed in this lesson. Open my eyes Lord to see what they miss in this day. Oh Lord help me cause the revelation. Oh, I can't miss it. No, I can't miss it like they did in the day. My [Music] message and this open my eyes to see what they in this day. Oh, the revelation of this. Open my eyes, Lord. Open my eyes, Lord, to see what they miss in this day. Oh Lord, help me touch the revelation of this. Open my eyes, Lord. Lord to see what they miss in this day. Oh Lord, help me catch the revelation of this day. [Music] [Music] That's nice. [Music] I testify of his mercies. He's been good to me. Oh, I stand [Music] amaz. I testify. [Music] of his mercies. He's been good, so good to me. Oh, I stand all these [Music] wonder I testify. No, I [Music] say no as [Music] high of the things God has prepared. For those who love him, no mind [Music] conceive. His unfailing [Music] love, daily me. I [Music] testify. I testify. [Music] of his mercy. His people so good to me. Oh my [Music] [Music] amazing word on sorrow are a god. The goodness of the [Music] Lord and forever to those who bec score. Dwelling in the cold lace. So I testify. I testify. Testify of his mercy. [Music] He's been good to me. Oh [Applause] man, by his [Music] wonder I [Music] testify. We've seen you provide when we had no way [Music] through. My present help and dire time of need. I've seen you here. I'll see you there together for my [Music] God. So I [Music] testify. I testify. [Music] Testify of his mercy. [Music] is good. [Music] So to me, oh my [Music] wonders, nor eyes have seen, nor is I've heard. I testify. Oh, I testify. [Music] I testify of his mercies. He's been good to me. I stand amazed of his wonders. No eyes I've seen, nor is the height testified. Nor as I've seen, nor as I've seen, nor as I've heard, I justify. Nor as I've seen, nor as I've seen, nor is a heart, I testify. [Music] Thank you. [Music] It is a decade. [Music] I a [Music] Oh, it [Music] [Applause] [Music] again. [Music] Oh, [Music] Ka. Oh. [Music] again. Look alone. [Music] Oh, it is again. [Music] Oh [Music] my. Oh my good. [Music] [Music] Elijah [Music] the door. It [Applause] [Music] It is a capital. [Music] [Applause] [Music] It Oh, it It [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] comes to [Music] Your eyes shall come to me. Oh [Music] [Music] sh again. I take a decor. [Music] Did I take the king? Oh, I take the again. I take the king. I take the [Music] I take the king. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Surely goodness and mercy. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. Dwell in my house. I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Forever. Surely goodness and mercy. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. Dwell in the house. I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Forever. The Lord is my shepherd. I know once. He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me besides still waters. He restores my soul. The Lord is my shepherd. Not ones. He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside still waters. He restores my soul. Surely goodness and mercy. Surely goodness and mercy. Follow me. Shall follow me all the days of my life. In the house of the Lord. I shall dwell in the house of the Lord. Forever and forever. Surely goodness and mercy. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me. shall follow me all the days of my life. I shall dwell in the house of I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Forever. [Music] The Lord is my shepherd. I know once he leads me paths of righteousness for he says I will praise and he's called giving thanks. The Lord is my shepherd Lord's ones. He leads me in parts of righteousness. For his name's sake I will praise in his God's giving thanks. Surely goodness and mercy, truly goodness and mercy shall follow on me all the days of my life. I shall dwell in the house of the Lord. My shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Forever goodness and mercy. Surely goodness and mercy follow me shall follow me all the days of my life. Dwell. I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Forever. [Music] I surrender of the Lord forever. [Music] Forever. Thank you very much. Can we give a big hand clap to the choir? Yes. Surely goodness and mercy will follow my life and I'll dwell in the house of the Lord forever. What a beautiful song. So um in the interest of time I want to believe that 95% of us have uh I will request that we get to our speeches and uh I would like to humbly request that uh like I mentioned before everybody here means a lot to the pastor and has had quite a wonderful relationship if I could say with him and I'm sure that would be wonderful to listen to each and everyone here speak but you'll agree with me that that may not be possible to listen to everybody yet. It will be wonderful. So, we'll just have a few representatives who will be speaking on behalf of others. Yes. To speak to us. So, in the morning there were two uh uh speeches we didn't listen to. I would want to start there. Let me invite our dear precious brother Fred MB to come and make his remarks also and after him brother Alex will be following. the following. So, Brother Fred, you're welcome. You can play some music as Brother Fred comes. Welcome Thank you my brother for this opportunity to allow usimony that we can over our pastor who has pastored us for these 40 years. My name is Frederick. Um, I came to know the message through my brother Steven when he brought to my house and uh, Brother Beno started on [Music] me shortly. I got some message books and uh notably the one thing that I really cherished was the Lord God had spoken. It brought out the godhead and a few other doctrinal message principles. Just to draw a little bit back. Brother is my uncle. But what is even more interesting? He's a brother. [Music] He's a brother. He's a brother of my stepmother. He's a brother of my stepmother. So in such circumstances there is a reason why I'm trying to pull out [Music] this that in such situations it will not be very easy for me to work closely with brother. But here's a guy who picked me from a bar, brought me to the message, taught me the godhead and whatever I know in the message, I believe I've learned it through his ministry. It was not only that but accepting to work with me to the extent that if it was something political I would be a PA assistant. That is the quality of man that we are talking about. [Music] Um during my secular service I worked with uh a farm of advocates Okay. And uh by training I handle figures. So when we came together a lot of those things fell on my laps. the registration of the churches, the filing of returns, preparation of audit reports. You can see the epics. Um, I'll draw a little bit back to fill in gaps. in my brethren that spoke in the morning. Uh this church started at school and it had three members, the pastor and two believers. Those that were here in the morning, you know who those people were from school, which was the pastor's house. This church went to a nursery school which was at Search Road. Brother Emma told us that already and that was next to uh the regional police office. They didn't stay long. Uh they had to relocate again. And this time the church went into brother's place. From there it went to another nursery school. before it got to ginger girls, I [Music] believe girls when they were chased out of ginger girls because at ginger girls I peed in once and ran back. Um they went back to brother's place. from where they went west primary school and that is when I seriously came in and since that time he has given me the opportunity to work in the Lord's vine. Um, I would like to say this. When we identified this plot, plot number one, we didn't have money. And my pastor was very shy about money issues. How he got the money that we paid for the plot. None of us and none of us can put our hand up and say he contributed. But he's doing all this and is staying in a humble house. He was in his first house which he constructed in [Music] An unfaithful person would not have been able to get all those resources and give them to the community. Possibly would have thought of himself first. Um we worked hand in hand in the construction of this building and even then I believe that none of us contributed a brick. The first contribution that he told us to [Music] make was after the first benches. After even the first benches were not bought by us. But the current benches are the ones that he told us let each family contribute in the church. This is the quality of man that has been in the ministry and that we are all proud of. uh I would like to that our pastor is blessed. The words is here from all of us in most cases are spoken at a funeral. But he's blessed that we've spoken them in his hearing. Pastor, we appreciate you. Um, pastor, you taught me holistically, you picked me from the bedroom, you brought me to the sitting room, and you put me out to the public. And uh I would like to attest this but because of what you had put in me. I've laid down two jobs. I've refused two jobs because they had identified me to be the chairman of the public service commission service commission in Camry. The second one after I had refused that one after about 3 years they came back to me. And this time they wanted me to chair the district water board in. But knowing what goes on in those [Music] offices and the integrity that we have held, I thought it was not worth it. Um because of that integrity somebody said in the morning pastor being offered quite handsome money loans and things. But we can even put that aside and let me say this also. Pastor right from president's office. They was sought out and they saw nobody in Ginger for the position of a mayor. He turned it down. I was turning down these jobs because I saw you turned down that job. Oh, like I was saying, He has taught us or he has taught me to be a father, to be a husband, to be a person that serves the public. There are many things that I learned from pastoral not because he had spoken them in the pulpit but by watching the way that he lives. I don't know if he remembers this. One time we were going back to his home in it was around 10 p.m. So we get to the gate. And he tells me, Fred, you know what? I forgot to buy tomatoes. Sent me for tomatoes. So to me, I was like, we can buy the tomatoes tomorrow. He told me no friend I was sent to buy tomatoes. So we turned and went back to in the center and we bought the tomatoes. What kind of humility? So as he was doing that I was learning something. It is not always chest thumping. I am the man. I am the this. He has taught me to learn. And those of us who have cared to learn that a home does not belong to a man. A home belongs to a woman. She's the queen. That's her kingdom. There's no other place where she can exercise that authority. But in that place as I conclude, I would like also to bring this out that uh many times when I walked close to ministers, I always thought, God, why? Because these are human beings like us. But the word says three chits away from the ark. Uh and I believe the reason why the God said that that you may not see the back parts of the ministers which would cause you maybe to disrespect. I'm not in any uh because in my walking this Christian life I've walked with ministers. I have served ministers and it's not easy. But I appreciate, the man that was before me, the man that I looked to that made it very easy for the people that were around him in the vineyard. This to the young people whenever you get an opportunity to walk close to a God called man. I assure you you will reap the blessings. That one is a testimony that is in the local Christian assembly ministries known today. All the people that have walked around brother have stable homes. they have children that can be brought out and shown to the [Music] people. So I would encourage everybody that if you have an opportunity to serve, serve with all that is in you. I also want to say what the pastor has already said. That pastor was hired by the Almighty God. And the only person that can fire him, Almighty God. Why am I saying this? That he is retiring. but he's not tired and I believe he'll continue leading us. God bless you, our pastor. We respect you. God bless you, mama. You've kept the church together. God bless my cousins. You've been an example to this church. We appreciate you brother James. We appreciate mama. We love you. We shall hold your hands. God bless you my brethren. Thank you very very much dear brother Fred. Wonderful words. Without wasting time, let me call brother Alexand Alex. Brother Alexand [Music] Alex. Yes, please do listen. to this lovely [Music] testimony. God bless you, sister. and all the ministers greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. I was discussing with the brother behind there that you are in this place right now. You see it is something which is sudden and the time will come when we shall cross and be on the other side with the saints. So when I look at something like this one I keep on meditating that how is it going to be on the other side. God bless you very much. I thank the Lord that I'm standing before my pastor. Pastor Steven used to be photographers. He was a small man and I was also a small man but used to to to interact to chat. So one time we met him it was a Sunday morning he was going to church to minister I think it was in his place I think around in place or I don't know it's because ginger girls that had not started He told me, he told me go to church. You see, I had my camera was going to photograph. I told him no. He said, "You come to church and just walked away. I think there was something in me." So I thank the Lord that since 1987 he has been my pastor and he actually has really been a blessing to me because it helped me to bring all my children the fear of God. Praise the Lord. I'm a pastor in my home. Don't play with my home and no child can play with me when I'm really handling them very greatly to bring them in the fear of the Lord. So been a real blessing to to me and my family. And there was a certain sect I was in when I was a Pentecostal. And uh you see there was a problem which we we got for his elect when he wants to pull him from a certain confusion can create a certain environment and you vomited out. So, so uh when when you had that confusion the that sect certain brother you know divorced his wife and then he went back to church of Uganda. I was really hurt. I was very much hurt and then the sex were in it was not a very sexy. So brother, my precious brother, we were in the same when he saw that thing was really declining, you know, breaking away started, you know, going to pastoral church. I told about that problemat even we start with brother things and then We are 14 girls and I also started going there with my small family. So from as I told you from 1987 but I got saved 1977 but I was in that group. So when I sat [Music] under blessed, I was really blessed really, you know, got hold of me and taught me and I was really lifted up. So I really give him respect and honor. Praise the Lord. And when he appointed us deacons, we the first deacons in ginger church actually really loved me. He used to send me to places to preach. I remember he sent me to church and he would send me to other places. One time he sent me to church I feared I said that's a very big church and then sickness actually caught hold of me. I was to go but because of the sickness I couldn't go after they would send me to other places to preach like I [Music] remember and you know certain certain places and one time I went with with him to to to Rwanda Chigari [Music] twice. Praise the Lord. Let us go to and went and we had to go with [Music] brother but he had some problems. So we drove all that night and we slept early in the morning. But certain shall we pass in that place was full of wrong people. But then he said just pray. So around around 6 or before 6 we drove off to Praise the Lord. So loved me so much and I believe he's still loving me. Praise the Lord. Because even recently my wife talks about talked about them coming to my home with to our home with his with the sister. And when I told him this morning, he said, "Yeah, you tell us when we shall come. I don't know where I would be. I would be finished. Maybe I will not even be existing in this world. So, praise the Lord. God bless you very much and sa [Music] since he started the ministry you sit under his ministry you get when you're really blessed. So I thank him as the pastor was saying that actually is just continues that ministry. We are not we are not having a fake minister has taken over But we having a lot. So I thank him very much and his wife for the what they've done for my family. He gets book from different places and our library. You are really I get very happy when I see all those books coming and been a blessing to this area. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you very much and [Music] Thank you very much our dear brother Alexand Alex. Um so I will you will excuse me. I don't want you to go before the pastor speaks. So I want to make sure that the others can get done very quickly. invite the team led by brother David all the deacons for the last 40 [Music] Yes. For the last 40 years, come here. Because the redeemer [Music] here, the outgoing [Music] pastor, mentor, father, bab and friend. Pastoral Steven, your wife, mother, mama and mentor, sister and the entire family, the incoming pastor, brother and friend, Pastor James James Huntington Huntington Kumba aka Pastor JK aka Pastor Jas your wife our friend and farmer Sister Betric Katumba Kumba as deacons I want to take this opportunity to thank you pastor with mama and the family for steering the church from three people one two three all these here today. We appreciate that. We want to thank God for spreading the ministry from being represented here, German, German, US, America, Canada, where he was last week and back here. We thank God for that. Amen. Amen. We want to thank you pastor as a team for accepting to work with you. We are humbled. Amen. Amen. We have learned a lot from you. and allow me at this time pastor. Now I'm going to differentiate the senior pastor and pastor. Allow me senior pastor to introduce this team which has led which has held your hands for the last 40 years. Let me start from here. Um, brother God coming here all the way from across the bridge. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and I want to appreciate God for this day for he has made it. I have lived under the ministry of my brother senior pastor and our brother I would say if there's a place I can rejoice in here if there is a ceremony if I can feel free to be There it is. Here. This is the place you can see the cleaniness and I know God is here. So I will not say much because my ear brothers have said it all. But I'm glad to see a soldier of the cross with scars because he has been on front line many times before me. It's a great joy and I commend him to the Lord. Who has lifted him to that far in such a way that whoever has come under his ministry has benefited unless you came and shut your heartel but otherwise may God bless him and may God bless our pastor JK Whenever we listen to the message he preaches, we rejoice and we give God the glory for his mighty hand working through him and I pledge before him that we shall always be behind you. We shall try the best lift your hand. God bless you and your family to beloved. I do appreciate if I had the time I do have many things to say about them. some good things because there are many things I've seen here which are which have been done in a perfect way. I shall bless every brother here. I shall bless every sister and I shall bless every minister who is under the voice of God for this day for the great work. And I will stand with you in prayer that the the work of God may go forward. I bless you all. I'm grateful to witness this day. for the glory of his holy name. God bless you. I am brother Julius who has been a deacon with the brother Steven have been very close to him. But as the brother spoke, we have been brought up on the epidm to know who called you, not to work under influence of ministers and look up to God when brother of time It was not because of anything but he preached what Paul preached. The rest is of God. Yes. The rest is of God. Preach the truth and the God will have his way. He has taught us to look up to God and we don't disturb anybody that I lack this or that lack that we go up to God. We do not compromise. One thing with brother I'm not an easy man I'm controversial one time we are going with brotheras we are crossing the bridge we met a drunkard left nand with nine guns. He commanded me to greet him. When had just come to power, he told me greet us. I told him leftand under the law, what powers do you have told me to greet you? I won't greet you. is very keen. Brother, brother Castas, they greeted. I refused. I went back. But under God's service, when you are saying, the power of God is behind you. The late brother Kasamba told me after two days they were all arrested. Why do you put a fake roadblock here? This is the sort of man has managed. He's temperant. He's patient. He has been slow with me. If I'd had been very very ruthless, if he was very ruthless, he would he would have broken me down. But here I am. I am standing. God bless you very much. Thank you. May God bless you. I will never stand against you. I will pray for you. You too pray for me because you are my pastor. God hears you better than me. And by the way, I want to remind you I was at one occasional you said I am retiring. You told him does not return. So you are not retiring. Your retirement is death. But you are still alive and you are still strong. We shall pray for you. We still need your ministry. He has helped us. Thank you very much. Dear sons, are you all very happy? Let us give God a hand clap. Very good. You call me and castas. And casters, that is my name. Praise God. I was mendered by my pastoral from the year 1986 June the 8 June the 8th up to the year 1992 when he dictated me when he dedicated me as a pastor to come over to and there God has done a lot of things and churches have come up among all the pastors in Campala within Ginger is only my pastor Stephen Ibal who has followed me up road. This road has been tak recently but he was able to travel that distance which has been all dusted. My pastor, I love you for that love you have for your sins. I think one of the pastors who has made it lastly is my brother, pastor Kabasi, Pardon. The one who has who has come up lastly to come over to just this year in March the 1st. is pastor and they have moved to do that to that far journey traveling over 24 hours. I remember one person said it that the pastor is able to follow his flock up to where they are. God bless you very much for that spirit. The first day I got saved and when I came to Ginger, I got surprised to see that a sister will welcome me for lunch. Among all the churches, I'd never seen such experience. And I took note that this is a special family. Praise God. I just want to thank you very greatly. I remember after having stayed two years in Arua, I came back to visit Ginger and one of the first brothers who supported me spiritually and material pastor gift. I know that was the spirit brother pastor Steven imputed in him brother take that leadership in your life the right person being chosen for this job here may God bless you the family and the children praise God as the rest of them were saying three of us were not easy. Whenever we will come to a home to find issues concerning you and that was terrible. Praise God. Praise God. There's much to say but for the sake of timeless God bless you my sister. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Pastor James outgoing pastor responsible to show you the people you gave me please people and I was the head of the group and I've kept them not by my ability but your good leadership thank you very And there were young people here. They would meet me in the street and hide. He has he has committed no offense but only seeing me he hides. This was a very hard group. I cannot cheat you. Neither can anybody cheat me. Somebody was timing me. I was about to tell him that I can assume my authority here. So God bless you, brother Steven. I just want to give one testimony about you. But I have very many and there was a great one I wanted to give in the presence of my my uncle Ben witness. I want to appreciate ginger church. It brought us up in a hard way and we became strong and we are not ready to fall. Wherever we are, we are standing the way we are left. One day when we were in [Music] The Lord impressed upon his heart. He was very heart. He was forced to re to retach about work and he was very authoritative at that moment because we were not complying. You know we are not a small small group very we are very difficult people. So he had told earlier should be standing at the doors on standby but I did not see it. I thought it was too much. the front. He was on the palpit. So I was seated on the bench. The door was here. I was seated on the bench because standing was the thing which was this is too much become like so I was seated on the bench. So the pastor was preaching very hard stand up. So I stood and I was quarreling in my heart again. It's too much. You see when God uses his servant Now by the time I raised my eyes man had already crossed under my nose and he was at the pastor said give me some fig but the man would have even banged me physical practically I really appreciate you for standing from that time. I've never wavered. What the word says, what the pastor says, what I do, that's what I teach. So, praise be the name of the Lord. I came to know the message in 1982 immediately receive the message that's my pleasure. Okay. When I went, they believed the message. You know the first pastor, brother, he was my pastor there again. But you know the other church was hard to pastor could be 2,000 or less than 2,000. So you can imagine how you can survive when you're foreigner there. So I love pastor and I love this ginger church. There is not a church I've seen that love manifested. I lost a child like they were testifying all of us who are poor was very poor. I've lost a child. Some two brothers because of that love rode bicycles from Ginger up to that 100 miles and where is my leader brother? I was shocked. God bless you brother. Without a strong pastor, people cannot have that. Praise be the name of I have many testimonies for ginger church. I will find one I wanted to speak. My witness is brother Ben. Simple people but very good people to God. Praise God. So that if you know, brother Steven will just call you. He's very intelligent, extra intelligent and when he calls you, he scans you through knows what you are going to tell him. What a liar. What? Brother deacon, I want this thing done. How will you do it upon you? But it must be done. Praise be the name of the Lord. So it trained us to be very attentive with what we are doing. God bless you. Amen. So members the foundation matters. That's why because of that training we have never thought of any other way. Praise be the name of the Lord. You have done a very good job. Brother James, you have somebody to to pick up from. Amen. Amen. Our training in ger me the Lord brought me to be trained. I received the message to be trained and then I'll tell you what happened. Once I was trained, I was sent out. God bless you my brother. God bless you with us. These are not easy people. Praise the Lord. Amen. When we step [Music] into a lot of testimonies, praise the Lord. I thank go I thank the Lord for my fellow former brother. instilled in us about coming to church very early is a part of me want to come to church late before God looking at me looking at I usually feel so bad. So my wife struggles very much to make a breakfast for me so that before what you saying is right that in us all actually they are time conscious us very time conscious and I thank God for pastoral because I was reading in a certain message you know he loves him very much there's even you know a certain instrument which he gave me the message very much you know I don't know he really likes He gave me that radio. So I listen to it very much and I was reading certain book. He said a certain a certain man got saved. He was asked how did you get saved? Because of a good test a good preaching. He said no. Is it because of good singing? He said no. Is it because of this and that? He said no. He said in that office he was working. He was a man. He looked at his life and that's what made him get saved. So the small work I forot is because of pastoral pastoral. So I thank the Lord. Thank you very much. May the Lord bless him. Thank you very much. Sorry we have taken a bit of time. Those are stories of 40 years back. As we conclude, we want to thank everybody for your participation with your presence. financially, materially, physically on behalf of brother Emma [Music] who has been chairperson of this function. We want to thank you very very much pastor. We have already said you are tired but you are not retired. So we are elevating you from pastor to a visiting professor. university level. When you retire, we just put you up and we call you visiting professor professor and when you're visiting professor be ready for invitations in any university across the world. So Mr. visiting professor. So professor accept our title accept our title in the church they also medics medical people said now you are no longer only their pastor but you are a consultant. Then I have also accountants in this team and they said you are now our external auditor so you do all that work. You are not sitting mama. Thank you for opening the doors for us. Continue coming. Thank you for coming. Bless you all. Thank you very [Music] much. This has been the chairperson. I've just been doing the work as a on his behalf. Thank you very much. May we give a big hand clap to the deacons and thank you very much for those words. There was a lot to learn from you. At least I visibly remember the day the madman walked to the pastor at the parit when I became a deacon. I knew what to do. Uh thank you. So about 36 years ago we had a visitor come home. That visitor rode on a very big bike. By then we were used to small motorbikes, those vespers, those most. So when he came unpacked, we stayed at highlight and there were many other houses around. I admired this big man on a big bike. I thought for me was living my dream. So when I watched to say where he was going cuz we were down playing downstairs, he climbed up the steps. Then I saw him enter our house. In my mind of a child, I thought, "Okay, I think I'm going to have an opportunity to sit on this big bike now." I quickly rushed into the house to greet this visitor who was actually pastoral. So I knew that I'll have opportunity to ride on ride on that bike. The problem was now how to ask for the opportunity to ride on the bike. We had been raised very strict. You only greet the visitor, go back and play outside. You don't interrupt. And now fast forward, fast forward. That's how the message came to our home. And we are grateful that for the last 36 years from 1989 Pastor Steven has been our pastor as a family from West Primary School. But what I want to say importantly before I invite the next person who is going to speak when this church was built, there were sisters, our mothers, very dedicated. They would come to church on Friday for fellowship. They would remain after the service and have an overnight as sisters. Then in the morning they would clean the whole church then walk home. At that point people never had vehicles or all that. So we thank God for them. And I saw on the program that we listen to something from at least one of the elder sisters. One of them was my mom who is not here today had been sort because of my grandma who is quite aged now making 98 years this year. She couldn't be here but uh appreciate our dear pastor did even call to say thanks. The other one is our sister who was rested in the Lord whom we really appreciate her labor of love also. At least here today we have sister Winnie and sister Vicki. I want to invite them and uh let them say a few words as we invite others to speak. Sister Winnie and Sister Vicki, please do come. Sister Winnie, Mr. Vicki, there they come. [Music] [Music] to my lady. [Music] God bless you. I'm so so so grateful. I think I will not have the words to express whatever I want to say. My brothers and sisters, I am lost. I thank God for Pastor Steven. And I'm so so grateful that God brought Pastor Steven in ginger at the right time otherwise I don't think I would be what I am but I am so so grateful before the Lord God Almighty. Your ministry has made me what I am. from the right path. I'll continue testing my God for you and thank you for what you have done. Pastor James, he has done the right thing. I appreciate for what he has done. It is a car all of us Christians. Let us also take our portion of the word and let's continue with it as he will continue us, guiding us, protecting us to do the right thing. [Music] We must take heed to this word. I came in March. I found brother David. He was in ginger with some other colleagues when we got this message about pastor. [Music] Pastor heard of it. We didn't have the books to read but we heard of the prophet and from that time they were again the preaching you are not supposed to gather yourselves together then you will wonder what is that so Many things happened and then we were fellowshipping from [Music] houses. until God brought to appreciate God for my pastor. I do believe he is God orained pastor. What I've seen in my life I am what I am because of his ministry. So I remembered my husband coming back from from he told us there's fellowship in ginger girls. We should be going there. Then we started going for fellowship in ginger girls. And now the fear I remember when some other people came in in the same school. They refused for us to be there. girls. So my husband requested, let's go fellowship from my house. Then we started fellowshipping from our house. I think until people got many then they got a place for us primary school then you know I used to work in council every meeting they will say we don't want in our schools in our community until God really helped us when brother David got a place in Main Street Primary School. Then he requested for a place there. from Main Street Primary School until God blessed us with this place here. left us. You are next to us in everything. So Lord, so my brothers and sisters, we should take heed to this message. Let us continue. Let us bring it forth to a reality. Let this goel be seen in us. I thank God for each and everything. There is one thing of my past with when I got my last born. This boy had a problem. I don't know what it was. I think when he got an attack in the morning, I went to the doctor's place. The doctor looked at me and said, "You stupid woman. How can you bring me such a child? I said doctor this thing happened in the night. That's why I'm here early in the morning. I think from there he kept quiet. Then God brought in He prayed for this boy. After praying for him, he said, "Sister Winnie, Sister Winnie, go and get cold liver oil if you have some money." Cold liver oil. Cold liver oil. Cold liver oil. So I went and bought that liver oil. I gave this boy to take. He finished the first bottle. I went and got the second bottle. He finished it. And from that time this boy never got an attack as he used [Music] to. So it's really the Lord God Almighty who sent you to us. I'll continue thanking God for you family. Let God's blessings never part from your home. I am so so grateful and I'm very humbled. God will continue standing with you after giving up your job knowing that you gave it up because of you know corruption corruption corruption. You never had that in your heart. That's why it's your job. This God who has brought us this far, he is the same God. Hebrews 138. Yep. Hebrews 138. This God will never leave us. He has brought us this far. He knows us right from our hearts. It's my prayer. Let's take heed to the word of God. We live by it. Let's walk by it and let's continue until the Lord Jesus will come. Thank you so much. We shall pray for you. That is the best we can do. We are living because of other people's prayers. Thank you so much. I appreciate you. Amen. Amen. [Music] Praise God. It's indeed a great day. We are so grateful to God. I came to know the ministry of [Music] 1994 through my friend. We were all working then marketing board. Uh it was not an easy journey but thankfully I got a ministry that would encourage me on the on the journey. My background was Catholic and I could never sleep without a rosary on my neck, especially when I lost my mother. So to hear something else didn't make any sense to me. But God's way our understanding. Yeah. So when I got this message, I was in some kind of crisis and I got support from these sisters from the pastor. I just remember one particular instance. I had children, small children, two small children. They were going to many street. At that time, I had lost the job. So there was nothing. You would wake up not knowing what to do next. And the pastor had traveled because I had explained my problems. He came to know. So this particular time I woke up as usual. I was there lost for what to do. I had prayed and prayed out my heart. I told God I'm like that widow woman in the Bible. the children. He had two children and he had nothing to put before them. But when she prayed, you send your prophet to her. So I said, "Where is your prophet?" So I was just lost there. But a few minutes after that prayer, I had a knock at the door. I wip I wiped up my tears quickly. I came to check who was [Music] knocking and I found it was sister and she said pastor sent her to me a message. At that time I had something to give my children and his pastor who really reaches out to whoever was in he got to know everyone's condition over it and provided where there was need. I thank God so much for that. Thank you so much pastor for holding my hand, devising, praying and everything. So grateful to God. No doubt God has bless you, will continue to bless you. want to thank God so much for our brothers. Definitely a big that you are stepping in a good thing you have been rehearsing too heavy. Yeah. So we shall definitely keep you in prayer. His grace will suffice. Thank you very much. The Lord bless you all. Thank you very much. The Lord bless you. Uh one day I was having a conversation with pastor in the last year last year but one and then he just mentioned to me said Peter I said yes pastor he said I pastored your parents I have pastored you now again I pastor your children they will think I am mad said I think I am going to hand over but also ministers over but uh we thank you pastor you know there are many stories pastor is a real pastor it was just beyond the [Music] preaching I remember one time after he came back from out he'd been away on missionary out of the country and you know suddenly realizes but there's this brother who is missing and you know he would go after them this lost sheep. So while pastor was away the brother found himself a wife and settled somewhere. Pastor goes and looks for the brother and finds him in a very terrible state and pastor went to buy food for him. I was just wondering then just one thing said my son don't let this message slip from you. It was very bad and the brother was in a very sorry state and the pastor had gone like his father really trying to you know picking up from this pit he had fallen [Music] into the pastor whom we have had we thank you very much pastor has been doing a lot of missionary work this moment I want to invite brother Herodas to speak on behalf of the new ministers just very briefly and then I'll pastor to speak on behalf of the elderly [Music] ministers. God bless you. Yeah. That you allow him speak in the language he can explain properly. He's pastor Rogers because of God's grace that is going to be brief. He will not delay us. Don't get worried of him. Amen. Amen. I welcome all the pastors but most of them have already left. Those who are who have remained, please stand up for Yes. So just come here for recognition whether you have come from [Music] as long as you came out of the denomination. Amen. You are most welcome because even the Pentecostals is a denomination. Amen. Yes. So Much has been spoken. Those who have not been here have missed a lot. We want to thank you pastor Steven since morning when we arrived. Whatever is coming out is giving us courage. Ever since we reached here, we have found out that somebody can stay with an individual for 20 years when you are serving. But that's not there in Pentecost. Yes. I've learned it from here that you can serve with somebody for all that long, but when he's still loving you and gives you respect, you have really surprised us. What I'm going to say is a bit different from other pastors because I'm hearing two people Steven, we have pastoral Stevens. And then we have Pastor James Kumba. You allow me speak these two things. The first thing I learned from Pastor Steven and what I usually tell these brothers that I stay with apart from serving in the church and in the whole ministry. He has built a name in the world. I remember in refused to ride motorbikes. Uh we went and we went to minister in Uganda after crossing. No no no no. Yes. But before reaching roundabout we found there the traffic and they they got us. They had captured so many motorcycles and loading them on the road is taking them and we didn't have any letter to us the truth. We deceived them somehow. Yes. We told them that we are ministers and we are from ministry work. Were you not told that you were not supposed to ride this motorcycle? We were asked where we came from. We told them we fellowship from church. this pastor who preaches on radio then said these are for a great man since that day I learned that building a name is very great because of his name we were released to When we come to the ministry though others were saying that they were very difficult but to the Pentecost for us who were Pentecostals were very very difficult. We thank that he has handled us very well. Yes. Yeah. He has withtood so many things because of us. We were in one place that I will not mention and even the person who said it, I will not mention. We were seated in a service. One person said those have come to there's nothing that can make them the message here. By the time I told for him he had them long ago but he was just patient. You have really handled us. Amen. We have not come to discourage you but we have learned. People can give testimonies on you what you're saying. We shall take it back to our churches. that heart of ministering. Pastor Steven has had it ever since we joined him in 2007. I remember one thing. I had no food at home. That heart of ministering. I told him we slept hungry. Brother, he said, "Brother Rogers, I don't have money and where we come from, they don't expect that we don't have money." He told me, "Let's go home. what I know since that day. He told the mother, "Brother Roger has nothing to do. Is there some FL?" I realized really the man has no money but wants to help me. It touched me. But what has he has helped us in this group first that we are not supposed to corn but we are supposed to eat what is right I remember one year there's a brother we had he went there and he wanted some money. But when we reached where we were going to meet him, he asked us, "What is your we left when we had even lost the appetite of requesting for money apart from going to dig? We want to thank you together with the mother. I learned from place that you can call your wife mommy in Pentecost that is not there. You learn all the kind of discipline ministry. I want to assure you that in this in your old age, you are going to be peaceful. Because what would disturb you, you have already laid a foundation. We want to encourage you what you gave us until You'll be we shall still have it. We shall not go back because to go back. You already brought us from want. Thank you for pastor James that you are handed. You just produced yourself. Yes. We have not made any loss. The the love is the same. The teaching is the same. And what is very important, James can manage us. He can manage us. and he can manage us there more. Yeah, he was difficult when I not and he was encouraging me be patient with him. The one you have left to us, we love him so much. We love him and we love him. I had never seen it in Pentecostal and it has never happened that somebody can load his vehicle, personal vehicle and put put people even up to that is a sign of love. Our precious God when we call you don't say that I left you James I have finished God bless you brother as the programmer comes thank you for the church buildings and even the pieces of and you would be changing vehicles. May God bless you so much. Thank you. Can we give a big hand clap to the um Thank you very much. May I take this opportunity to invite Pastor James Misaka please as the IAL family prepare to speak after Pastor James has spoken. So [Music] let me find your grace in God bless everybody. too. Uh on behalf of the elders, elder elder ministers and on behalf of my church [Music] in I want to appreciate the opportunity of coming here to stand here on this day on a very important occasion like this. uh when uh when the brother was asking me to speak, I thought he had forgotten the way I had dressed and not I've not dressed like ministers because I didn't know that I would come and appear here. So I ask and pastor James to forgive me for behaving like this but I didn't know uh I don't know what I can say which can be different or any better than what has been spoken. But there was somebody who made a statement that an old man when he is seated. He can see he can see where a young man who is standing cannot see. So if I could not come here and say something about my friend who has done a lot of good things spiritually in my life who has made the message in Uganda to be what it is. I remember I believed this message when I was in Kenya and uh when I could come over to Uganda comparing to the message that we were having in [Music] Kenya. Uh I used to feel there is something needed that is in the 80s. uh early 80s and mid80s. But things changed when God gave brother a vision. God has given him special grace that when he reads a message book uh or he comes to present a subject even if you have read that book you wonder where you read you wonder where whether what you are hearing comes from the message you believe. So he has an eagle eye. He sees far on the things of God. And I remember in the 80s God helped him and [Music] and they took the teaching under his leadership. and things changed and I felt at home in the message world in my place. God bless you my brother. God has given you special wisdom. Nobody can can refute that. God has given you humility that you can hear a lot of things spoken about you that you can meet a minister even who has less than what you have and respect and respect his his his path his calling and encourage until out of that ministers who have worked with you have always changed and I want to say some of us have changed because of our association with you. God has given you grace to understand people. You can talk with somebody and uplift him, yet you know his weaknesses and you can be able to handle somebody still remain a friend when he's an enemy. I think that's the spirit of God. No wonder your calling. When we look at your calling, Very rarely somebody can live such a fine family, rich family, everything you want in life and get on the streets and roads on foot. Get on streets and roads on foot and suffer lack and forsake such important resources in your home for for something for a new found faith that is unique and we want to thank God for such a leadership. I am I want to appreciate God for the spirit of respect that you have for each one's level of faith. You understand we are not the same. We want to thank God that you together with your precious wife. You have raised your children in such a special way that what we see you behave with your wife is exactly what we see your your children behave with their husband. We want to thank God for that. It's a level. It's a leaf we must pick. And uh brother, God bless you so much. I was in your church for about two months in 1985. I've never forgotten your fiery services. And the grace of God he has given you up to now leading big congregation like that in cities is not easy. Congratulations for what happened recently for God giving you a bride to to comfort you. I met brother in 1996 with brother when brother came to Uganda the first time I know he doesn't know we traveled with him from to the same taxi And one thing I knew about the two, they were both sick that time. The brother was very sick. The late brother was also very sick. But they later turned out to be buddies and friends to me. uh brother uh Steven we have traveled with him somehow on missions out I remember three incidences one time the enemy wanted to capsize us on the [Music] lake in the middle of the the lake And the fuel was depleted. It was finished. So we stayed there. We didn't know what to do. Lord helped us to go out to come out. Another day we were going to we don't know what happened in the vehicle. Most of us passengers got asleep and even the driver also dozed and we're going to get a fatal accident. God helped him. We stopped when he jumped out of a vehicle with a very big snake. We stopped. Then another day we are traveling with him alone in the night. We saw a man coming in front carrying a big log. We thought he was taking a ball at home. So when we reaching nearby he threw it in front of us. So he wanted to to get the vehicle I think overturn how he wrestled through that problem and we crossed. It's only God who understood the mechanism. So the grace of God has been great on you my brother. You have wiped many tears. You have broken uh difficult spirits. You have awakened many to the faith. And you have established a legacy. You have done you have run a wonderful race is recognized. You can dispute that. I remember in history brother uh John Wesley was a man of prayer. But whenever there would be an [Music] opposition, he would tell them, "Let that man come and meet me." However vocal and intelligent that man would be when he stood in the presence of John Wesley, he wanted it or not, he would believe. God gave him special power. And we cannot go without mentioning this. God has given you, as you said, God has given you knowledge with power that whenever you speak to somebody, God comes down. At first, I thought you are just an evangelist. I'm using the word just. I'm not I'm not minimizing the ministry of an evangelist, but I thought you an evangelist. But when I saw you again preach, I thought you are a pastor. When I see again you preach, I thought you an apostle. So I didn't know who you are. You know, people talk about being Uh the round man they say what all around. We thank God for the grace God has given us in your person and we thank God for such an occasion that we come and rehears the things God has done in your life. [Music] have not been selfish. You have not been disrespectful. When you see brother Steven at a distance, you don't see the right man. But if you want to see the right man, come close to him. At a distance, you think he's an arrogant, proud man. But when you he comes near, you see he's a kind person. He's understanding. There is a lot we have learned from you. God bless you so much. What you have done. I know uh in the word of God we don't just I remember you said one time we don't minister statements but you pass over to another person. So what you have done you have passed over the genes who sit in the ministers who have gone all over and we are also going to enjoy the same genes in our brother James if I've ever found a very humble young man Like I've said, when you see brother James also at a distance, you cannot understand him. But when you come closer, you can think he's a very soft man. When it comes to handling the things of God, you discover he's a very hard man. You see and that is how a minister is supposed to be. So with the wisdom of brother Steven, [Music] you have given us a challenge, I think we are not going to hold on power even when we are weak the way some of us are. We must go back and set our houses in order. You know this question rose up during the barrier of our brother [Music] bowlers. We started scratching our heads. Ah I think that thing must be addressed. You have set a pace. You have given us wisdom. We have a path to follow. Just be strong, brother James. Just know that the God who you know you are not you are not young. I believe you are past the age of kings in in Israel like like David, the the noble king we know of. after 30 years. So you have come to the leadership at an a later age than brother Steven. I've known you are intelligent. I known you are strong. I don't think there is anything which will make you tremble. We shall be praying with you. Shall be standing with you. God bless you sister Sara. You have been a very wonderful mother, a very wonderful example in the church. And uh I know you have been a wonderful mentor to sister Beatric. To me this hand over and this take over. I see it beyond natural relationship. I look at character. You know when you are going for a relay However much you run a race very well, you watch the person you are handing the steak. So by God's wisdom, we the brothers handed the right person. God bless you so much. Thank you very much uh pastor James for those [Music] words. You would have a lot more. I would like to invite the family as the youth will be preparing to speak after. [Music] Pray for so um after the family we shall have the youth and then after youth we shall cut the cake. God spoke to humble Mary of Emmanuel the [Music] King to Elizabeth he spoke of John and Jesus Christ our Lord could have had the world but she prayed for her son [Music] soul and many times I've seen God's grace Because my mother [Music] pray let us call on his name and lift our eyes to the hills. from when our help we wait on you to hope never fails. God bless you. Thank you so much for being here. We appreciate you for the very long journeys you've taken. to be here and celebrate our daddy, our hero. Our daddy is our guardian. Our daddy has been uh everything to us and we really appreciate him so much. We thank God for him. all the years he has been in ministry. Thank all of you for standing with him, praying for him. All those who visited when daddy was away on mission, he used to travel a lot. Daddy was always the disciplinarian, not mommy. Mommy, I don't remember mommy beating us, but daddy. Daddy. Oh, daddy said, "I'm a pastor. I have a big ministry." And there's no way you're going to spoil this ministry. You have to stay in line. And we thank you, Daddy, for that. because if you had let us go probably would not be standing here. We really thank God because um you took what the word says spare the road spoil the child. And when you ask all our babies here, they'll tell you that is a scripture we really treasure so much. We thank you uh daddy. We thank mommy for being by your side. Mommy has been very strong, a very source, very big source of support for dad. She's been a pillar while daddy is away in ministry. But like daddy said to pastor James is also my so that the family should be his first church. We would wake up so early in the morning and daddy would play the tape. would listen to the tape before we go to school. And at that time, we were all dozing, but we kept pinching each other cuz he would pause and then ask you and we could just couldn't remember where we were. Then mommy told daddy and mommy told daddy that you leave the children they have to go to school wake up like an hour before cuz we needed to listen to the tape. It was very good training and we thank God for that. Daddy has been u a missionary all over the country and we were we are privileged to travel with him but one thing uh maybe you don't know about dad is that his daughters have been his u weakest point. We know the church was daddy's first girlfriend and then his family came after the [Music] church because several times he had to stay home without school fees because he had to pay school fees for some of the believers in church. [Music] Like pastor said, uh, people would come home, they wanted some food and whatever was in the house would be taken and would take porridge. [Music] But uh it's not that we are complaining. We are thankful to God that there are lessons we learned from when we had uh that maybe a brother's home has burnt down or something. You would run home. The first thing you would do was to hide our nice clothes from the suitcase. Because you would get home, mommy would tell you, "I am you would tell mommy open your suitcase." And then she would tell us, "You don't give out the bad ones." She always wanted us to give the good ones and pick out your best ones and hide. So that when they come, she comes to sort. You know, your best ones are safe. [Laughter] [Music] We had we missed meals in our house several times. There are so many times when mommy had served and then visitors would come in. Then she would come for your plates of food, visitors. again. So we decided to learn one thing. Try again that when mommy served us food, the first thing we did was to eat our meat. So that when the visitors come, at least you've eaten some meat. Growing up as a pastor's daughter, as pastor's children was really fun. But I think we accepted it and uh we embraced it. We enjoyed it. We say this was our life. We used to I think they also didn't know better then because we had one bedroom for the children and then it had a triple deca. So we used to sleep share those decas and visitors would come and would share those with them. So one time we had a a believer from Nairobi who came and stayed with us for a very long time. And uh I used to stay on one up in the middle and a visitor down. So hope So now we had to exchange beds and a visitor come in between and hope goes down in all this. We thank God very good to us and uncle James that is going to become your life. Please just try to make sure your children have their bedroom. making that when there is food at least uh the babies have theirs and the visitors have theirs and we thank God that he didn't traumatize us but we got to know that this is dad's ministry and when God calls a man he calls him with his family We appreciate all of you for being here for us, for supporting daddy. One time we went for a mission with dad and uh the church was down. So, and then somewhere in the west and the the home where we're sleeping was on top of the hill. It had rained heavily. So we were walking up and then my daddy fell. And then I was like, "Oh my god, my daddy can also fall. That's not something I ever imagined." So he fell the second time and then I just started crying. And then he fell the third day. Oh, it was heartbreaking to see your hero just struggling to come up. This should not happen. But dad has traveled the whole nation for missionary work. We have seen God in his life, seen God in his ministry. If um there's a man I can show you who has stood for God, anything for God, it's our daddy. We really thank you so much for supporting his ministry. of you who came and stayed home, visited us while daddy was away on you brought home. We say thank you. Every other time you harvested food and it came to [Music] our food that came and we had to share it and we say thank you so much. May God richly bless you. May God bless the deacons, all the officials of the church. We pray that you support our the new pastor the way you supported our senior pastor. We pray that you hold his hands and may God richly bless you. Oh, okay. Thank you. The youth come and join. Thank you very much for those lovely words. I bear witness. The first time I went to pastor's home in here, I think it was 90 something. It was the first time I saw a home that is flooded with visitors. I've never seen that. midnight somebody's knocking coming in and they would have to prepare food for them. When I went back home, I thought, my goodness, what kind of home is this? The visas are endless. I've never seen that. And I wondered then I remember the comi. So finally at about a midnight uh about five ministers arrived at the same time. So these people got their bed sheets, went and slept in the comi because the ministers had to use their rooms. It was real and I wondered I really really wondered but growing up I never asked pastor about it. because I knew the obvious answer you would give me. I'm talking as I wait for the So when I was in the UK, I asked Pastor Oello and his wife. So I put that to them. I said I witnessed this, but is this what happened to you when you in Uganda as a pastor? Oh. So then the wife actually spoke looked at me just told me one thing said brother Peter I think some things was not right to do don't do that so by the grace of God when we were beginning to think of houses to build we had to think about minister rooms so that the children don't get inconvenienced because there are instances I know there are instances I know where actually some ministers children hated this message because they thought it was depriving them of anything good it's better now Welcome to give your speech. MC. Thank you. We want to thank everyone who has made this occasion very colorful as the youth. We've learned a lot from our precious pastor and I can testify that um no youth who has been under his guidance who has gone through his hands remains the same because of his guidance. spiritually and physically. Like many have testified, he's a pastor who wants to see his congregation better each and every day. Moving from glory and glory so that we can have a self-sustaining church. And that's the thing uh that has been inculcated in us that we stand as young people and we support the ministry and I want to appreciate you pastor. We thank you for all the words you've given unto us. I know your counel because you're still with us. And uh Pastor James, I don't I don't even know what to say, but you've been with us. Uh sometimes we come with our own foolish intentions and the excitement of the youth and you have a way you calm us down. Yeah. And some of us we think oh why did the pastor have to say that and we are like oh maybe we need to go back to senior pastor. We thank God for the way you're handling us. And this I promise you that behind you, we are going to work together with you because we are the church of tomorrow. Amen. Amen. I want to give brother Wilson to say a few words. Okay. God bless you all. It is such a blessed day for us to gather here together and witness the handover of pastoral to pastor [Music] James. And as young people, we are such a big group. Some are still here and they busy, but we are a representation of the rest of them. We want to say a few words to the ministry of pastoral. But before I say the words, uh the the deacon has a child here. Mother has disappeared kindly. come over here and pick your child. Thank you. So I want to say a few words on behalf of the youths. You know growing up under the ministry and teaching of pastoral has been the greatest treasure life could ever give to any young man growing up in this age. For we all know the generation we are living in such a challenging one for the young people. But getting the chance to sit under his teaching has been the bless the greatest blessing God could ever give to each one of us. We've heard the oldtimes say their testimonies and we also want to say that we have been so blessed by his teaching from pointing us to Christ and nurturing us in in the humility of the word. We appreciate you pastor for your sacrifices. with the young people. Want to appreciate you for the lifeless gift you've been to us. extending beyond the limits of a shepherd to uh to a parent of each one of us with a capacity to accommodate and transform so many of us from all walks of life. And get us to be numbered among the blessed. We appreciate you for that. And the best gift that we can ever give to you as the young people is to stand behind the ministry that you have labored for. Give it a continuity. As on behalf of the young people, we commit to support the ministry. in all aspects in the church and outside the church. Amen. Amen. And I want to appeal to all the young people here. We have seen a life lived. A man who has given up his life for the gospel. And now the best gift that we can give to him is when we also give our lives for the same and we commit to do it. And for pastor James to us he's not assuming office today. He has been our pastor, the youth pastor for the last 10 years. Praise the Lord. He has visited us in our cubicles, when we are singles. He's always our first visitor when we marry. He has encouraged us. He has taught us. He has rebuked us. See, where need be, he brings a wiping and see, you know, because he's a father, we still love him. Because of his wiping, his instructions, we were able to see this group of young men standing before him. And we commit dear pastor to follow your teaching. We shall stand at our post of duty to bring this ministry to where God has ordained it to be. And we pray that God gives us the grace with humility to keep continuity of the message and the ministry that pastor has put forward for a very small gift. We have organized a few things that we can give to our pastor. things that are going to be placed in the office. We have a carpet such that it can decorate, you know, it can be at the floor. Then we have a fridge such that at least there is something cool for him to take. Then in case you need something warm, we have a kettle. And for now, in case it is hot, we've uh we've procured a fan, but we pledge in the future to have a better uh a better gadget, say um an S So very soon when the office is fully established, young people will ensure that everything is set out there so he can continue in the comfort of the ministry. one say God bless you all for blessing our pastors and for accepting the invitations to come and be part of us today. God bless you. Thank you. Can we give a big hand clap to the youth delivers me from the evil hand? Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. That's why I sing. That's why I praise every day, every morning. That's why I [Music] sership the mighty God and the king of kings. You are my redeemer. You are my Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Um thank you very much young people for those gifts. Um so we just uh heading to wind up. We are shortly going to cut the cake. After that I will speak and then pastor Katumba and then we shall be closing. We'll bring our gifts as we go so that we have enough time to speak to them. But before that I would like to invite sister Martha Via to come and have one minute as pastor comes to cut his cake. Sister ma you're welcome. Why you will sing it? I don't know sing your speech or say something but uh yes you're welcome as the cake is being prepared to speak from their evil hands. Thank you Lord. Thank Thank you Lord. My God forneew me. My God ordained me predestin before the world was made. I am for him. God bless you saints. I'm so thankful for the ministry of brother. For it was through his ministry that I got children. I was barren for three years. But God spoke to him. It was on Friday. So the first time God spoke to him saying tell sister she's going to get a child. Then we could look at him while looking at the congregation thinking that maybe it is through the congregation that a person is speaking. Then the the second time again God told him you stop preaching and tell her that she's going to get a child. Then she could stop he could stop at once when he's preaching and look at the congregation thinking that voice is coming from the congregation. Then when God spoke through a very tough voice in the third time and he said, "Sister Ma, you are going to get a child but he couldn't understand himself because when we got out he sat on the floor as smart as he was and he said that please Don't say I was maybe um mocking you. I was hearing a very tough voice saying that I should say this. So I thank his ministry. It was through his ministry that I got children. May God bless you pastors. And I I think he's blessed because he knows how God speaks. If maybe this familiar voice comes again, you can hear it. God bless you. Amen. What a wonderful testimony. She's a mother of boys, five. They call her mommy girl. But that's what happened. It was a really inspiration to the pastor as he preached great and wonderful mighty blessings. [Music] So I uh choir where are you and us to sing for our pastor as he comes to cut this cake as pastor comes. Are we ready with the cake team? We're ready. That's right. mighty God and the king of kings. Okay, just lift up that music as pastor comes please and we lift your name. You are my sheer. You are my keeper who delivers me. from the evil hands. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. You never change. You never fail. You can't forsake me at this time. You are faithful. You remain the same yesterday, today, and forever. You are the Lord. Mommy, mommy, mommy, Lord. That's why we leave your name on high. That's why I sing. That's why [Music] I redeemer. [Music] [Music] who delivers me from evil hearts. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Uh no. Um, in the interest of time, I'll let pastor speak now. Do the cutting of the cake. Yes, God bless you. I'm very happy for the day. Uh I remember in the '9s a team came from Kenya and they were preaching the baptism of the Holy Spirit. I allowed the church to go but when they came back I saw there was a problem. So I took st of a perfect man to really bring what brother Brham told it. So while I was out there, what I spoke, I told Sister Ma, if what I'm preaching is the truth, nine months from now, you are going to have a son. 9 months the son came and now she tells me she has no daughters because I said [Music] son so it is sons who come we have seen the goodness of the lord and we are firm believers us of the power of the spoken word. The word of God works in humility. One time a sister was sick and we didn't know. She went to hospital and she was you know held. She was having a a a tumor at the end here and she was supposed to be operated but ministers know when you are going to preach. You don't want anything to cross your mind. So I made a prayer request that sister was going to be going to surgery. But my mind was preaching already, I said before the doctor touches her, let her be well. And we went on. And immediately at the time when I was starting to preach that's when the doctor was supposed to do the surgery looked for the tumor and it was not there. It was totally gone. So this old sister says give me a certification that a miracle has happened. The man refused and he says I don't know but I will operate this thing sometime. Up to this time the surgery has not taken place sometimes when God does certain things you know he does them in such a simplicity. that you know you will not even if you are not spiritual you'll doubt what God has done. So one time we know brother David who is uh the chairman of board his wife started getting sick and she went for autopsy and they told her that she had cancer on the breast. She was just a young girl, a teacher and she was going to lose a breast. She came to me. She was crying. We remembered what God told brother Brham in the case of sister Mida when you know he was praying. He said she washed my clothes. She looked for the after the children while I was gone and just put forward whatever she was a benefit to the ministry of brother Brham. And one time the prophet I mean God told her told him speak the word. And when he spoke he says before the doctor touches her. So I told sister that you see before you married you were the young girls who were singing around here but when you got married it is gone. I said you know you need to bring back reason and purpose why God should heal you. So she started coming back. She would sing and she would cry. But when the time which was given to her to go for the surgery, the cancer disappeared up to now. So many things they happen in simplicity without falling on the floor. is always God. So I want to appreciate you all for coming to be with us. I pray that the Lord may greatly bless you and as uh you know pastor Kamat said it's just a matter of understanding right what has happened. I didn't say I will never preach. I'm still a preacher. That's why he said he has retired. He's not tired. So I pray that you may pray for my other phase that after this the good Lord will give me grace to go where the gift will be needed. And you see the gift can only work where the doors are open. That's the way God works. He told the prophet. If you can get the people to believe you, nothing can stop I mean can you know nothing can uh stand before you and not even cancel. So it's the same principle for our gifts. They'll always work where they are accepted. I appreciate you. Thank you so much for coming, brother. All of you, brother. God bless you so much. We've been all over the place and God has blessed us. Amen. Amen. I remember years when there were no cars and we could go to preach the gospel. You know the people from West Ni, they should have been here. Amen. It was very difficult when we started out there. And one day we were going with a bicycle with brother Godfrey who is now in glory. And what happened is that it got punctured and then we had to walk a distance over 30 kilometers to reach the place where we're going. And part of that place is a game park. The Lord has always been gracious. If the Lord sends you, he goes with you. God bless you. Thank you for coming. And uh brother Jion asked the brother to come and represent him here. And we just want to appreciate you, brother. God bless you so much. Amen. Pastor, where are you? Where are you? You come. Praise the Lord. This man here is part of us. He always want to hear him call me again. I appreciate you my pastor. May God bless you brethren. I also thank God for the ministry that he put in our pastor which has been so exemplary to us. He has really nurtured us. We've learned many things from him. We've got the courage to serve our God through his ministry in a ministry of simplicity. Our pastor, may the Lord bless you in the name of our Lord Jesus. And I want to appreciate God. give us our pastor, our elder, our pastor. In fact, we feel so happy whenever we know that he's there. He's very safe. That's our joy. And we also that we are behind you in everything. In all things we are behind you our pastor. I remember that I got the message from the sister peace and she told me that our pastor will be handing over. I was invited in a meeting at he invited he had invited me to go and minister in that convention but because of this reason I told him you have invited me but I'll spend there two days only Friday Friday and Saturday on Sunday I was invited at That's where I will be for sure. We left there night after ministering and we drove we reached in Ginger at 4 in in the morning. 4:30 in the morning in the morning when it is a breaking day. Amen. Amen. [Music] Then we started struggling to get where we can take care. And God did us well because we saw a that was behind us when we were in the town of Ginger where we parked. It also parked in front of us and the man came out and said that you have a flat tire at night. We said, "Oh, our Lord to come out." Our tire was really flattened. But that God who reaching grace that we that front car had a mechanic The one that was following us, it was the big man said, "You come out and save these people and they helped us. They entered this one and they prepared for us the spare tire. We requested them to lead us where the hotel is and they led us. They took us. But we didn't know them. They didn't know us. We've never seen them. They had never seen us. That's the grace that the Lord did for us. Now we sleep at 5 in the morning and we woke up. After the breakfast, we came in the service. We thank God. Thank our pastor God for God to inspire him to get for us. Praise in the name of the father. If you ask me some of the pastors who are very humble in this this country, I see that our pastor. Yeah. He got a photo copy. Praise the name of the Lord. He's very humble. Is he a good minister, powerful minister, but very humble like our pastor, pastor, may God bless you so much. I want to invite my wife. We've carried a small gift to our pastor. I want us to present it ourselves together in the name of our Lord Jesus. May God bless you our brethren. I came with my wife [Music] [Music] [Music] Yes. Magical. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. As I wind up my speak, I request our pastor to agree that we see him we watch him from the TV when he has got a program as his teaching because his ministry is a blessing to all the world I have in the church where I'm pastoring brethren who cannot sleep without seeing the pastor on the table They always wait on WhatsApp WhatsApp on WhatsApp as as he's ministering even me by God's grace for me and my family. We request our pastor to choose any TV station that will serve from there. We shall that program for one full year. We are only waiting when he shall tell us our pastor then we come we pay for that program our pastor blessing us. May God bless you. [Music] for standing. Thank you so much mommy and may God bless you and all our sisters. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you very much. Uh we appreciate you for those uh wonderful words to further the ministry. I'd like to take this opportunity to [Music] invite invite pastor James Kumba to speak to us also. Thank you so much master of ceremony. I'm conscious about that the time has really gone but I want to appreciate each and every one of you was able to make it today here being patient up this time. I pray that the good Lord blesses you and then safe journey as you go back home. God bless you so much. Um thank you very much. Finally, can you wait a bit please? I want to invite uh pastor Kamwati to close with a word of prayer. We will all come one by one to present our gifts and departure will be at leisure. So kindly can we have uh uh just this moment I request family to stand behind here whenever pastor receives you to just skip over pastor Kamat you're welcome honor to have [Music] you want to thank God if you don't mind. I'll call your attention to prayer please. We are praying now. So wherever we are, please let us keep quiet. What a joy to see the message of the hour, the scripture, the word of God made manifest in human beings to see a man heavenly father who is an actual manifestation of who you spoke of as a pastor. to see a family, a wife Sara, the children, the grandchildren, much much more the church, not just here in Ginger, but all over where the pastor has been out on missions, give testimonies, and we can all say together, we have seen Jesus Christ in a man in a ministry of a man called Steven Ivar. We thank you for his family. We thank you for the church. We thank you for the ministry. We heavenly father to hear people who lose in opposition to the pastor stand and give a testimony. how they were handled in the Holy Spirit way until ultimately heavenly father they can just love and be joyous. We thank you father for such a wonderful life. As our pastor Lord takes the next step of your of your calling in his life as as as pastor it was said in the Bible. There is still more land a lot of more land. There are still many more regions to be reached with this kind of a ministry. That's a manifestation of Jesus Christ. Give him the strength. Give him the courage. Prosper him in health. Precious heavenly father. Increase him in knowledge, in understanding, in liberation, in the anointing of the Holy Spirit. Continue rest upon him. Continue doing the work. The purpose for which you ordained him, you called him. for brother James, his precious family and the church here. Oh heavenly father take over Lord. And as pastor I say it's not a replacement is a continuation. Oh heavenly father it was with Moses and Joshua. Gracious heavenly father may James continue to serve you under your guidance. for your leadership the glory and honor of Jesus Christ. May we meet here again. Give glory and honor to see the works done. We can say Lord Jesus the work has continued. Thank you heavenly father. May the power of the Holy Spirit. May the grace of God. May the guidance of the living God be upon us now as we disperse this day with hands that are so joyous, so thankful to you, heavenly father to see Jesus Christ in human flesh. We thank you. We bless you for everything that has been done. The organizers, oh Lord Jesus, may you bless each one of them. The deacons, the trustees, all thy servants, Precious believers, not only here in the whole country, over the world where this ministry has had tentacles, it has reached out. We say thank you. God bless you, father. We glorify your name. As we pray in Jesus name, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with us now. and forever more. Amen. Amen. Thank you very much everybody for your time. Thank you for your patience. It's now time to bring uh the gifts here. Say hello to pastor. Have a safe journey back home. If the Lord carries
