################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-13 - How Should We Approach God               Bro Talenga Wilson        13.08.2025 - Talenga Wilson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-13
Title:   How Should We Approach God       |        Bro Talenga Wilson     |   13.08.2025
Speaker: Talenga Wilson
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Jpx-WM0Vtg
========================================

I he know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was his grace. I know his grace. I know it was his grace for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, surely died on the cross. Oh, I know it was his grace for Oh, I know it was his love. I know his love. I know. He was his love for me. Halleluah. Oh, one day when I was lost, he died upon that cross. Oh, I know it was his love for me. Precious heavenly father, &gt;&gt; we are so grateful Lord &gt;&gt; to know that it was your grace that it was your love that sent down grace to come and save us. Lord, we appreciate you, heavenly father, for your love toward us, oh God. And Lord God, Because of your love, you have allowed us once again to come in your presence this evening. We are such a blessed people that we can come and have fellowship with you. And Lord God, upon the foundation of your grace, we approach you tonight seeking for righteousness, seeking for renewal, seeking for refilling of the Holy Spirit, seeking that Lord we may find you at our points of need. Father Lord, we pray like you gave us a promise, you gave us a covenant that each time we are gathered together and we are more than one that you shall surely be in our midst to take our prayer to take our cries to all our needs and accept us for who we are in your presence. We trust that Lord your presence is here with us. Oh precious father. How we thank you for the inter congregation that you have brought to come and have fellowship and communion with you Lord as we get closer to the table. We pray heavenly father Lord you may come and dine with us. Open our eyes oh God that we may be able to see. Open our ears, oh God, that we may hearken to thy word tonight. And may you, Lord, open our hearts, that we may have faith enough to believe your word. I believe that Lord God when you speak, we shall be able to hear. Bless us all together that we may receive a blessing. We pray for our pastors wherever they have gone to minister. Lord God, may you bless them out there. Bless their hearts, oh God. Bless them with good health. And Lord God, for the entire congregation of this local church, we give them all unto you. those that have not been able to come for the fellowship, bless them, oh God, that Lord, next time them they may be able to come and die together with us. Even as Lord, we approach the reading of the word. We pray for your special blessing. Bless this word, oh God. Bless us all together and take all the speak at night away that you may use him just as a vessel. Father to reach out a message that you have for us for the glory of your holy name. We bless you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Are you happen to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Let's turn to our Bibles in the book of Ephesians. We shall read chapter one. And we shall start from verse one up to verse seven. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The scripture says an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints which are at Ephesus and to the faithful in Christ Jesus. Grace, grace be to you. Sorry. Grace be to you and peace from our Lord from our from God our father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he has made us accepted in the beloved. In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace. May the Lord bless his word. We may get seated. I want to greet you all in the name of Jesus Christ and I want to appreciate you for coming to be part of the fellowship. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Our pastors are not with us. Pastor James has moved with a visit to have services there. Amen. Amen. So we keep them in prayer. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So we have taken our scriptures. in the book of Ephesians where Paul speaks to the church and he gives an introduction that Paul an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints which are at Ephesus and to the rest of the faithful in Christ Jesus. And he gives a salutation. Grace be to you and peace from God our father from the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places. in Christ. And now verse four, according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. According as he has chosen us, not as we have chosen to be, but according as he has chosen us. in him. Praise the Lord. He chose us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy. Praise the Lord. He predestinated our journey. First of all, he predestinated our being and he chose us in him. So that means we were in him before the foundation of the world. And because we were in him, so that he chose us in him. Praise the Lord before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Praise the Lord. So tonight I want us to take a thought on how should we approach God? How do we approach God? Upon which basis, upon which foundation do we approach God? Praise the Lord. So we are often faced with so much around us. so many things around us in areas of need, need for righteousness, need for spiritual growth, need for victory over evil, need for healing of sicknesses, need to receive and so many areas. that necessitate us to run to God. And now the question is how best can we approach God? How best can I approach God which I want so he can attend to my need. Now the world has a principle. The world has a principle. Praise the Lord. They have a principle that for God to hear you, you must do something good or you must be good. Praise the Lord. So now those that are in the denominations, they also have a principle that for for you to be in good connections with God, you have to do something good. You have to do good. Praise the Lord. Or if you're in church, you can contribute towards building the church or you can contribute to all the needs of the church. You can find those that are in need and support them in order for you to receive something good from God. That is all fine because the principle of God, the principle of giving is receiving. When you give, you receive. And so when they receive something in return, they are convinced that they have re they have salvation. But that's not so. Praise the Lord. You cannot approach God because there is something you are going to do for God. Praise the Lord. You cannot say I am going to please God by only having something to do for him. What if there is nothing to give at all? Praise the Lord. So we do not approach God or we are not found of God because there is something that we can give to him. We are found of God because God himself chose us. Himself loved us. He chose us in him before the foundation of the world. That is the only principle that we have to be found of him. Praise the Lord. That he knew us and he chose us before the foundation of the world. That we should be holy. So the holiness that we have is not determined by your character. It's not determined by your good works. It's not determined by how much you are doing for God. He chose you to be holy in him before the foundation of the world to be holy without any blame. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Now listen to this verse. Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children. Praise the Lord. When he knew us, God knew us. God knew you. God knew me before the world was formed. And he did not end at knowing us. But he chose us in him to be a holy people. Praise the Lord to live without any blame in him. And then he predestinated us and to the adoption of children. Praise the Lord. predestinated set aside. &gt;&gt; He knew us by for knowledge and set aside because we are a special people. Praise the Lord. We are going to live a special life. A life that manifests the love of God. A love that manifests the will of God. The life that manifests the life of God himself. And now he he and the Bible says he predestined us unto the adoption of children to be adopted. Praise the Lord. to be tutoed to be mentored. Praise the Lord. In the beginning, before the beginning, when God predestinated us, he set us aside to be adopted to be mentored into the children of God. One thing to be called and another thing to be mentored into becoming a child a child of God. Praise the Lord. How many parents are here? By show of hands. Praise the Lord. Around five parents and I am a parent too. And we produce children. So it's one thing to produce a child. When you produce a child, everybody will say, "Oh, this is Wilson's child. This is so and so's child." Because by birth, they are your children. Praise the Lord. As they grow, those children begin to manifest a character, a nature. So as a parent, if you don't take time to tutor your children, you do the thing that you want them to grow into when they grow up, people will begin to say, "This child has not behaved like his father. Why?" Because this child has not been tutoed. been taught. We have been brought up into the character of the father. God knew us. He chose us. He did not leave us there. He chose us and also thought of how we would become his children. Manifest the nature of God. To do that he had to bring Jesus Christ. So when the Bible says he has brought he has predestined us unto children the adoption of children by Jesus Christ the word of God. Praise the Lord. Now when he chose us and put us aside and he brings Jesus and presents us unto Jesus. Praise the Lord. So Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father draw him unto me. It has to take the father." Praise the Lord, bring you out, set you aside, and then present you over to Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Then you are adopted unto children by Jesus Christ. The word of God. Praise the Lord. That is the covenant that we have. That is the promise that we have upon which we can approach God. Praise the Lord. He has predestined us unto the adoption of children. Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Praise the Lord. So this is the secret. Not because of our good works, but because he loved you and he chose you in him to be adopted into children who he purchased by his own blood at Calvary. God meets us upon the basis of his promise upon the basis of his covenant, his unbreakable promises. And what is a covenant? A covenant is some sort of a promise between two parties. There is one who commits and then the other that receives. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So now in his word, &gt;&gt; the Bible says he has chosen us. So he made a choice. That is a covenant choice. Praise the Lord. To be adopted unto children in him. So now it becomes his responsibility. to tutor us and to the children that he wants to have for himself. It takes God himself to tutor you. Praise the Lord. The Bible calls him the porter. He calls him the porter. A porter is a man with a vision. a vision to come out with a piece. Then he gets the clay and begins to mold the clay according to his vision that he has seen. And so if it's not coming out well, breaks it and molds it again. That is what our God does to us. Praise the Lord. He's adopting us into children. And in so doing, he's molding us to become that which he wants to see in us. Praise the Lord. The praise of his glory. Praise the Lord. And whatever he's doing, he has always had a blueprint. This blueprint the Bible has said knew us before the foundation of the world. So there was a blueprint of which God created each one of us and each one of us has to be molded to the likeness of the image that God has in mind for us. Let's look at how God has always met his people. God always meets his people on the basis of a covenant. The book of Exodus chapter 6 from verse 6 downwards. Wherefore say unto the children of Israel, I am the Lord and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will read you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, and with great judgments. 66 [Music] [Music] Now, this is a the word of God that God was speaking to Moses. He says, "I redeem you with a stretched out arm." Verse seven, "I will make I will take you to be I will take you to me for a people. I will be to you a god, and ye shall know that I am the Lord your God, which brings you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians. I will take you to me. Not that they will come by themselves to me. I will put in all the effort to bring you to me. Praise the Lord. Uncontrollably, praise the Lord. The children of Israel did not have control over this promise. It is God that made the promise and it is God that had to make the promise come to pass. Praise the Lord. And he made a promise to us that he chose us before the foundation of the world. Praise the Lord. We are predestinated unto the adoption of children. Praise the Lord. So we have no control over that. It is God that has spoken the word. It is God that shall fulfill the word. Trust and obey. That's all that we have. Trust and obey. When you hear the word of God, you believe it and you trust God for the word which he has spoken. Then you obey his word. It is him that has called you to himself. And he has called you unto the adoption of children. And because he has called you, it is his responsibility upon you to make you his child. And what makes you his child is when you have the same life as Jesus Christ. When the life of God is in you. And what is the life of God? What is that life? is the Holy Spirit in us. Praise the living God. I will bring you I will take you to me for a people and I will beat you a God. It's a promise. It's a covenant. And when God speaks, he fulfills his promise and he says and and and ye shall know that I am the Lord your God. Praise the Lord. First, you are out there without any knowledge that he knew before the foundation of the world. Somehow locates you. Praise the Lord. Because in his blueprints, you are a part of his plan. Praise the Lord. When the time was come and he looked at his blueprint and he saw you regardless of where you were. Praise the Lord. Regardless of which family you were born into, he located you and he brought you to himself. I will bring you to me. I will be your God. You shall be my people. Praise the Lord. That is a promise. That is a covenant. And we can always remind God, it's you that called me to yourself. I didn't know that there was a God. I didn't know that there was a healer. I didn't know that there was a miracle worker yourself. You also taught me that you are my God. Praise the Lord. So when you are approaching God, you must approach God upon his very promises. Praise the Lord. He says, "I will be a God to you. I am the Lord your God. I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians. I am the Lord God who keeps you from all the burdens of wickedness. I am the Lord God you from wherever situation you are in brought you to myself. So now you become my burden. We are his responsibility. Your salvation is the responsibility of God. Praise the Lord. Your eternal life is the responsibility of God. Why? because he called it himself. You knew nothing about it. But he called you himself and says, "I have brought you to me now from hence forth. I shall be your God." Praise the Lord. A God, not a God in one situation, not a God in all, a God of your salvation, a God of your victories, a God of your battles, a God when you in lack, a God of everything about you. It says, "And I will bring you in, I will bring you in unto the land concerning the which I did swear to give to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob. I'll give it to you for an inheritance. I am the Lord." He had made a promise to Abraham. Praise the Lord. I will bless your seed. I will drive them to a stray land and after an appointed time according to his blueprint, I will again bring them out and I will give them a land. So now when he was speaking to Moses, he was referring to his covenant. He was referring to the covenant he made with Abraham. But when he covenants, he's bound to fulfill his covenant. When God makes a promise, he is obligated to make his promise come to pass regardless of how. And when God fulfills his promise and in Exodus chapter 19 verse 5 says, "Now therefore, if you will obey my voice indeed and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people. Praise the Lord. according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. If we obey his covenant, if we obey his words, if we accept the tutoring, adoption unto children says, when you obey my voice, my word, praise the Lord, it shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all the people. Now let's conceptualize this. It is him that does the choosing. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. It is him without any choice. We don't have a choice of that and then he makes the choosing. After making the choosing, he predestinates and sets aside and then he lays principles upon which we are to be adopted unto children. And then he says, we shall be brought unto adoption by Jesus Christ my word, by Jesus Christ my covenant. And then he gives us his covenant. And then he says, "When you obey this, my covenant, when you obey this, my voice, and you keep this my covenant, my word, then you shall be a peculiar people. You shall be a special people." Praise the Lord. Only if you obey. And he says, "And ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests." [Music] Praise the Lord. It shall be unto me a kingdom of priests. Praise the Lord. He has chosen you. Then he's saying, when you obey my word that I have called you and I've given you a message to tutor you unto the adoption of children and he says I shall make you a kingdom of priests unto me that ye shall do something to be made a kingdom you have to do. He says if you obey, praise the Lord. So you are not going to struggle to come unto the kingdom. Trust and obey if you obey my commandment. Obey my covenant. I will make you a kingdom unto me and holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel. Praise the Lord. And in Leviticus 26 verse 12, and I will walk among you, and I will be your God, and you shall be my people. Praise the Lord. Leviticus 26:12. [Music] Praise the Lord. That's where we as we can see ourselves. That's where every Christian must see themselves. First of all, you had no choice to be chosen. Praise the Lord. Then when he chose us, he has his plan to mature us into the kingdom. He says, "I will make you a kingdom unto me." Not a kingdom of regular people. the kingdom of priests unto me. And then when you obey my covenant, I will walk among you and will be your God, and he shall be my people. I am the Lord your God, which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, that you should not be in their bondman. And I have broken the bands of your yoke and made you go upright. This was a promise to the Exodus. Praise the Lord. Which was a physical manifestation. But then we know that that type the spiritual exodus when the Lord brings us out of Egypt, by his own will, by his own hand, by his fornowledge, he knew that we were still in there. Then he walked in by himself and said, "Scalop, today I'm taking you to myself and you shall be mine and you shall be my people, I shall be a God to you." And he says, "When you obey this my word, I will be your God and I will make you a special people to me. priest, a kingdom of priests. When you accepted the word, I accepted the word. When I obey the word, he makes me a priest in his kingdom. He creates a special kingdom. Holy people there, he calls them priests. Praise the Lord. So you are not a regular people. You are a priest only if you believe. Praise the Lord. If you believe that you are a priest in the kingdom, then you are. Praise the Lord. How many people believe that they are priests in the kingdom of God? If you believe that you are a priest upon your confession and God makes you his own obey my word and then you confess my word. How do we believe? We hear the word of God. We hear that God in his forn knowledge he had us in him. He thought about us. We were in his mind before the foundation of the world. For heaven and earth, we were made. And God went ahead. Praise the Lord. Then when you know, you hear the word speaking about your salvation. And then you obey and believe. He says, "I will be a God unto you and ye shall be my people." I did not end there. But says, "And I will walk among you according as he has chosen us in him before the whole nation of the world. He has predestinated us and to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ. And I will walk among you. Jesus Christ, the word of God, when he makes us his kingdom, which we are by virtue of our faith in his word by virtue of our position in the word, a special kingdom. So now he walks amongst us by Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; the word of God. Praise the Lord. I walk among you. I will be your God. The children of Israel. Indeed, he walked amongst them. By day there was a cloud and in the night there was a pillar of fire and they could feel his presence in their midst. Praise the Lord. us. You will not see a cloud of a cloud. A pillar of fire. The pillar of fire is now in me. It's now in you. The word of God. God lives within us. Praise the Lord. And I walk among you by my word. Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. and says, "I am the Lord your God that brought you out of the land of Egypt." Praise the Lord. And now the Bible says here in Deuteronomy 7:E1 still speak about those covenants, the promises that he made. So now when he made those promises, he made them to Abraham, he made them to Isaac, he made them to to Jacob. But now here was the time of fulfillment. And now we don't have a good record of the behavior of the children of Israel at the time when they were coming out of Egypt. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. They were a stiff naked people. They were a stiff naked people. They were handy. They had all sorts of bad behavior. Today they could see God make a miracle in the ministry. Tomorrow when he delays to come, they c him. They were impatient. Praise the Lord. And I can tell you brothers, God did not move them to Canaan because of their righteousness. God did not lead the children of Israel. Did not lead them out of Egypt, out of bondage, out of suffering because of their righteousness. No, not because they were doing something good for God. But because God had made a covenant, God had made a covenant with with Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. So whatever God was doing at this time, he was looking up to his covenant. Praise the Lord. So whatever God was doing in their camp looked at their behavior looking at their character a bad people God was determined to create a nation out of them. Praise the Lord. God determined to send down Jesus Christ to come and die so he could purchase us by his own blood. The covenant that he made. Praise the Lord. So when he comes down to look for you to look for me to bring salvation, it is not looking at how good you have been. Praise the Lord. We are saved by grace. We are saved by his love because he loved us. Praise the Lord. So now whatever they did in the camp, each time he was angry with them, he remembered the covenant which he made to Abraham. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. It's time they committed crimes. He looked at them with fury. Then the covenant came and he remembered his covenant. He says, I have chosen you. Praise the Lord. I have chosen you to myself. Yes, in his choosing. He never said you are going to be all through. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So when he chose us, he also made a way for our victories, the blood of Jesus Christ. That's why he said predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ. He made a way for us to be perfect each time we go wrong. He put the blood of Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. So when the enemy comes and he strikes you that there is the blood covenant, praise the Lord. Satan comes and he squeezes into the wall. Don't forget that there is a covenant. Remind the devil as much as you have rolled me to the mud. But there is a blood covenant. I don't belong here. I shall march upright to the blood covenant. I shall dip my myself in the blood and I shall be whole. according as he has predestinated us in him of children holy without any blame in him. Praise the Lord. I have called you. I shall be your God. I shall be your God and you shall be my people. Deuteronomy 7 verse 6. For thou art an holy people unto the Lord thy God. The Lord thy God has chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon the face of the earth. And the Lord did not set his love upon you, nor choose you. The Lord did not put his love upon you, nor choose you because you were more in number than any people. For we were you were the fewest of all. He chose you. Praise the Lord. Because of his love, because of his fornowledge because of his eternal plan, his eternal plan, we were there. We were in him. There's no condition to disregard. We do not have any ground to say God chose us because we had something special about us. It was just his grace that located us and his love draw drew us towards him. Praise the living God. Verse eight says, "But because the Lord loved you, because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, always has a covenant to look up to. And once he makes it covenant, it to becomes his guide to execute his plans. Praise the Lord. He has chosen us as a people to himself. And he has called us by his fornowledge. He has predestinated us and ordained us and to a special people, his kingdom. No matter what the devil does to your life, God will always look at his eternal plan for you. He will look down to you and he will lift you up to himself. And by all means shall reach home because that is in his eternal thoughts. In the eternal thoughts of God, you are his bride. In eternal thoughts of God, you are a holy people. Regardless of how the devil fights so hard, God shall bring you to himself and shall present unto himself a bride that has no spot or wrinkle. Praise the Lord. Only trust and obey. Praise the Lord. Only trust him and obey his covenant. When the children of God went to worship him, In the times of Job, Satan also went with them. Satan always looks for the children of God. Some of them fail because he doesn't know, the eternal plans of God for your life. When he sees that God has chosen you and now he has set you aside and he has made you a special people brother, sister regardless of your way or your condition of life. You are a special people. You are a peculiar nation. God has called you by your name. When you approaching him, you approach him upon that covenant. It is you that chose me. It is you that called me. Here is my need. Praise the Lord. Because he called you. He has to supply for your needs. So when there is a need, you present the need to him and say, "God, you that called me And it is you that has to supply for this my need to run to the other gods have to come back to you. God upon the basis of his covenant with your life shall come to your rescue. Remember the children of Israel when God had called Moses and Moses had moved with Joshua. Moses had gone to receive the commandments. And now when people were down here, remember when God came down upon Mount Sai, there was so many uh there was the there was the presence of God. And there were thunders. There were lightnings on the mountain. And the people noticed that God had come down. Then they said, "For us, we cannot go up there. Moses, you go and represent us, then come and tell us what he has said." They were waiting. But Satan, praise the Lord, did not leave them. Satan was in the midst. So now he came and began convincing them. Be aware of false doctrines. Be aware of false prophets. If they don't speak this my word, speaks anything outside the word, do not believe them regardless of how nice they speak. how nice they are. They are not speaking the word of God them. Now Israel when they heard the murmurings what Moses has delayed the priest Aaron make us a god that we can worship maybe the other god has is not going to come to us yet they had seen him come down but Satan came along with them. When the children of God went to worship went along with them, what is the purpose to convert you from the plans of God? They made the cal and they began to worship and they're very happy and he was shouting. So now Moses was coming down with the two tablets that God had given him. Now when he came down, he heard a noise and he thought people were shouting for joy. When he came down, he was asking, God told him, "Your people have been corrupted. The enemy has overpowered them." They have forgotten their position in the kingdom. They have been begun to worship other gods. They have become so weak to forget how far the Lord has brought them. They've become so weak to forget the things that God has done for them. We ask God for grace that we don't get to a position where we shall doubt the hand of the Lord and forget how far God has brought us regardless of the situation to stand our grounds and know our position in the kingdom. Israel for God. God said, "I am going to destroy them. I'm going to destroy all the people and to you Moses only and and and Joshua, I'm going to make a great nation." And now Moses looked at God and said, "God, are you listening to yourself? Have you forgotten? There is a blueprint upon which this entire plan is moving. &gt;&gt; Have you forgotten &gt;&gt; that you have a covenant that you made with with with Abraham? Have you forgotten that you promised Isaac? Have you forgotten that you promised Jacob that he shall bless his seed? There shall be a great nation and destroy them. Where then shalt thou bring the great nation? Then God remembered and he looked back to the blueprint of the covenant. And then Moses stole him. Repent yourself of this thing which thou has spoken. Moses had a boldness to approach God. He knew there was a covenant that God had made for his people. Praise God. Regardless of how bad they had become, there was a covenant. There is a blood covenant. Praise the Lord. There is a blood covenant for you. We are a covenantal seed. Praise the Lord. So regardless of how hard the devil has hit you, raise up and remind God, I am a covenantal seed. I was purchased by your own blood and yet I knew nothing about it. I am here where I am. I am very confident that you cannot leave me at this spot because there is a promise. There is a covenant that there is a church that must be formed out of us and that church must be a special people. The bride shall have no spot or wrinkle. The devil has brought a spot on you. Praise the Lord. Wipe it off and apply the blood and say, "God, you gave the covenant. There has to be a church and that church is me." Praise the Lord. That church is you. That church is us. A curious people, a kingdom of priests. Praise the Lord. And let me just quote a few things here what the prophet says. There are so many scenarios where God has always respected his covenant. I've respected his covenant. I'll give you a small scenario before we close. Nemiah. In the days of Nehemiah, Israel was in captivity and Jerusalem had been captured. It had been surrounded. And now the Bible says in verse one verse one &gt;&gt; the words of Nehemiah the son of Hasha. And it came to pass in the month of Chelse in the 20th year as I was in Susan the palace. They came here. Sorry. &gt;&gt; Verse two, that Han &gt;&gt; one of my brethren &gt;&gt; came he and certain men of Judah. &gt;&gt; And I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped speaking which were left of the captivity and concerning Jerusalem. And they said unto me, the remnant that are left of the captivity there in the there in the promise are in great affliction and reproach. The wall of Jerusalem also is broken down and the gates thereof are burnt with fire. So he he felt so much pain because of the affliction of the people of God. And now in verse four, he sat down and began to speak to God. It says, "And it came to pass when I heard these words that I sat down and wept." How many of us have come such a time of affliction and sat down and feel confused? Remember that you have a God whom you can speak to your situation. He says, "I remembered, &gt;&gt; so I knelt down and wept and mourned certain days and fasted and prayed before the God of heaven. And I said, &gt;&gt; I beseech thee, oh Lord, God of heaven, the great and terrible God, &gt;&gt; that kept covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments. And then he began to draw his attention to him to open his to open the ears. and open his eyes. And then he began to pray, say, "Hear the prayer of your servants, which I pray before you now, and the children of Israel, your servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel." And in verse 8, remember I beseech thee the word that thou commandest thy servant Moses. Now he's reminding God of his covenants. Remember now the word that you commanded your servant Moses. He was referring God's blueprint. If you transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the nations. But if you turn unto me and keep my commandments and do them, there were of you cast out unto the utmost part of the heaven. yet will I gather them from this and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there said when you turn but that was the covenant. So now Nehemiah had turned and was repenting on behalf of the people and he was reminding God the covenant he had made that when the people shall turn away from evil and come back to God his word according to his commandment he would bring them would gather them together and bring them to a place which he has chosen his name to be there. And what is that place? That place is you and me. We are the tabernacle of God. The tabernacle not made with hands. And so if we are a tabernacle, God has chosen his name in you and me. And so if he has chosen his name to be in you and me, he will protect his name only if we trust and obey. Praise the Lord. Let me read out a few of the quotes here. Praise the Lord. The prophet says according as he has chosen us in him who Christ Jesus. Jesus Christ the word, the word of God has chosen us in him and placed us in them positions as the elect of God and in the message the believer's position in Christ. Now if we can find our position and know that it is God's word that has promised it that is the reason Joshua and Calb had no fear that they could not take the promised land because all the rest of the nine came back and said we can't do Why those cities world high and we look like grasshoppers upside the people you are so big and they they are so big and they armed. You can't look at the sense of reasoning. You've got to look at the promise of God. These people are looking at the sense of reasoning. They were not looking at the promise that God had made. Joshua and were not looking at the sense of reasoning. They were not looking at the mountain set before them. They were looking at the covenant that God had made for them. We are not looking at the mountain set before us. Brothers, we must look at the covenant that God made for us. It means we must overcome. Why? Because Jesus Christ overcame. He overcame for us. Praise the Lord. He was taken up on the cross and all sickness, all sickness was upon him. When sickness strikes us, we should not become so weak to believe that all sickness was pinned down at the cross of Calvary. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We should not look at the mountain. We should look at the covenant. And he says, God look at the promise of God. Now God had already sent his angel and the angel was with and the angel was in the camp. Moving on and the revelation of God had brought the word of God manifested. And now they was ready to push into the promised land. Grace be unto you and peace from God our father from the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. Blessed be the God and father Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings. All spiritual blessings, every blessing that we have need of he has blessed us. So when you approach him for your blessing, you approach him upon the basis of this his covenant. He promised to give us all spiritual blessings in Christ Jesus. according as he has chosen us not by my desire not your desire not Paul's desire has chosen us in him &gt;&gt; before the foundation of the world did you think of that did you think of that he chose us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy Not because I lived right, because he chose me to be that way. He done it, not I. That is the reason. You are holy this afternoon. Not because you deserve it. Not because you deserved it, but because he chose you to be that way. Why did he choose you to be that way? Before the foundation of the world and without blame before him in love. Now back there before the foundation of the world chose you in Christ to appear holy at the end time all the way from the foundation of the world. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Hebrews chapter 7. &gt;&gt; In this message, he says, "Blessed be the God and father of Lord Jesus Christ quoting the same scripture in Hebrews and it says according as he has chosen us in him who is the us. There it is the church. He chose us in him before the foundation the earth that we should be holy without blame before him in love. Having predestinated us to the adoption of children to himself according to his own good pleasure of his will. Who did it? Who did the choosing? God did it. God know it from the beginning who would be saved and who would not be saved. God knew from the beginning would and would not. So therefore he knew that some would. So he sent Jesus to make a appropriation. For those that he forneew. For those who he forneew, he called. And those he has called, he has justified. And those who he has justified, he hath glorified. There you are. So it's not you that keeps yourself. &gt;&gt; It is the grace of God that keeps you. You did save yourself or nothing you done to deserve being saved. God is grace that saved you. God is grace that called you. God is for knowledge. He knew you. He knew that you would be in this church this night &gt;&gt; before the foundation of the world was ever laid. &gt;&gt; So how can you say it is something you could do? There's nothing you can do about it. It is God's love. God is grace to you. But you are even here. Nothing you could do. called you by his grace. You listened, you heard. You accepted. That's why you are here. Praise the Lord. And now the best approach to God is faith and obedience to the word of God. After he has chosen us and called us, he takes us into the adoption as children by Jesus Christ. So we must trust him at all stages. We must obey him at all stages. We must have complete faith in the leadership of the word. there we have full access to all the treasures. If we have complete trust and faith in the leadership of the word and we obey to be led by the word through the adoption of children, we have full access to all the treasures. For we are the children in his household. Praise the Lord. And he says this thing commanded I them, saying, "Obey my voice, and I will be your God, and you shall be my people, and you walk in all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you. If you walk in his ways, his word, it shall be well unto you. You shall be my people. I shall be a God. How do you approach God? Always approach God on the basis of his covenant, on the basis of his word. And it is he who has chosen you. So it is he that is to take care of. May the Lord bless you. Let us let us get on our feet. Let us get on our feet. We get on our feet and we worship and we pray. Then we leave. We were saved by grace. Let us sing that song. Grace, grace, grace, grace, grace, grace. Amen. Grace, grace go. Grace, grace that will pon and cleanse wein. Grace, grace. God's grace, grace that is greater than all our sin. Marvelous grace over loveing. Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilty y on calary mountain were born there where the blood of the lamb was. Oh grace, grace, God's grace, grace will battle and cleanse within. Grace, grace. God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Deny his spell like the sea waves go threaten the soul with the final blows. Grace that is greatest grace and all points to the reuge the mighty grace great God's grace grace that will pon and cla Grace, grace, grace. God's grace. Yes, grace that is gater than all. The dark may be put on you. Dark is the state that we are. Yes. What can aail to wash it away? Look, there is a flowing a cream so tight, whiter than snow you may be. Grace, grace, grace, [Music] grace that is unless within grace. Grace goes grace. Praise that is greater than all. [Music] Mar finineless [Music] grace freely be strong all who believe. you that are longing to see his grace. Will you this moment his grace? There is grace. Grace, grace. God grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse. Grace, grace, grace, grace. God's grace, grace that is greater than all. I can. I will. I do believe. I can. I will. I do believe. I can. I will. I do believe that Jesus saves me now. I'm trusting only in the Lord. I'm trust only. [Music] I'm trusting only in the Lord that Jesus saves. Let us trust in the Lord. Oh, I'm trusting God. [Music] The Lord. I'm trusting on the in the Lord. I'm trusting [Music] in the Lord that Jesus saves me. Now have a time of talking to him. approach him on the basis of the covenant he has given you that finished work of Calvary the shed blood because the scripture says we were purchased by the blood of Jesus Christ Lord Jesus we realize the finished work of Calvary we sing grace Lord because we are saved by grace we come here by grace Lord we are believers by grace Lord and we know Lord Jesus Paul says that we I cannot you know boost myself because when I count all what I am it is just done Lord God we cannot trace Lord where we came from we cannot see that this is what um I am Lord because I've put much effort maybe I've done something Lord but Lord Jesus we were called we were set aside and we Lord we receive your word we come We approach you basing on the word and we approach you Lord. We know that Jesus Christ was tore down on Calvary. Jesus Christ was pierced Lord in his limbs that we may come out Lord to manifest the life which was in Christ. That's why the prophet says when Jesus was bruised when he was pierced on his side on his limb we came out. The bride of Jesus was you know constructed Lord. Oh my Lord Jesus. That's why we come into the nature of Jesus Christ. That's why we know who we are. That's why we know who our father is. That's why we know before Lord Jesus because you said if you know if you are of the of your father Abraham you know who I am because Abraham longed of my day. Abraham wanted to see me in my day, Lord Jesus. These are your children, Lord, the seed of Abraham. Because if Abraham was now was to be here, he would believe this message, Lord. If Noah was to be here, he was to preach this gospel or he was to believe this word. If Jonah who fled to Talis was here, he would believe. But yet, Lord, when you approached the Pharisees, you told them that you are going to give them a sign of the prophet Jonah. Lord Jesus, this night we don't seek signs. We don't seek wonders, Lord, but we are seeking for the word. We are seeking for your face, Lord. We are seeking for your manifestation of the word. We know, Lord Jesus, David, if he was to be here, he was to be under this word. And Lord Jesus, that's why he said, I was glad when I was told to go into the house of our Lord. And our hearts are burning within us. Lord, thank you for the minister, Lord. Thank you for the preparations of the word he has done. Because Lord Jesus, he has given us the word of exaltation. He has given us the word of cleansing, the words of awakening, Lord, that we may not slam by this word. As Paul says, we should not neglect this word, oh God. Because if we neglect, how shall we escape, Lord? We know, Lord Jesus, we are complete in you. We are complete in word and we approach you by the word. We approach you by the Lord Jesus. And your ministers said that Lord, you put your name in us, Lord. And you dwell in us and you walk with us. You walk in us Lord that the world may see a testimony as we walk back home Lord. May we go back as a testimony. May we go back as a living you know oracle of God. It is written. Oh Lord Jesus it is written. Every time Lord when we walk every time we we reach the spot we say it is written. Oh my Jesus this day Lord is this scripture fulfilled that we are living epistles written and read of all men. Lord God, I pray. Father, may you guide us this evening as we go home. It is now dark. Lord, guide the drivers. Lord, guide our vehicles, our motorbikes, Lord, and our eyes may be enlightened by the goodness of God that we may reach home safely. Oh God, I commit your pastors, Lord. May you guide them wherever they are, Lord. And those people Lord who are away Lord Jesus who have not come Lord Jesus they wish to be here but yet they were caught up by work Lord maybe sicknesses maybe attacks Lord or by the enemy but we know Lord you give them grace because you have the covenant written and you will never despise them Lord. You will never cast them away because they have not come to church but you always lead them. You always keep them Lord. Therefore keep us Lord as we go home and bless us all together in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we pray. Hallelujah. We thank you Jesus. Thank you for reaching us far Lord. Thank you for bringing us all thus far. Oh God. That's why we sing about your grace Lord. That's why we sing about your love. Oh God. How rich and pure. How measurless. Glory. Showers of blessing. [Music] Showers of blessings we need. Confess those words. The seed drops around us are falling. But for the showers we bleed. Showers showers of black. Showers, showers of blessing within. Mercy, mercy drops round us falling. [Music] But for the showers we plead, they'll be showers. They shall be showers of bless as we go out. This is the promise of love. There shall be seasons refreshing [Music] sent from the Savior above. Showers show you are dismissed in Jesus's name. Blame showers showers of blessing we mercy mercy drops round us are falling tonight. And for the showers, we plead there will be showers. There shall be showers of blessing. [Music] Save them upon us, oh Lord. Grant to us. Grant to us now our refra is shing. Yes, come and now the world be showers. [Music] They shall be showers of play and sing all that today they might for [Music] now as to God we confus [Music] we Oh showers, showers [Music] of play. There shall be showers, showers of blessings within. Mercy drops, mercy drops around me are falling tonight. [Music] This shall be soon. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music]
