################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-10 - Satan Entered Judas            Pastor Katumba James       12.10.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-10
Title:    Satan Entered Judas       |     Pastor Katumba James    |   12.10.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5VBKHwasng
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh Jesus. And I know I know. Yes, I know. Jesus made a blessing on me. And I know. And I know. Well, yes, I know. I know. Jesus will come in. And I know. And I know where. Yes, I know. Jes in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name. In the name of Jesus name will have oh now where will we stand in the name of Jesus hold me Oh, in the pre name of Jesus we have the victory in the name. In the name of Jesus name we have defic in his name. Oh, in the name of Jesus we have to fear. Oh s when we stand in the name of Jesus. Tell me who stand in love. We have the faith in the name in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, the more we have to see. Now when we stand where we stand in the name of Jesus stand [Applause] in the name of Jes. In the name of whom we serve of the V. Oh by and by [Music] the morning come when all the saints all we will oh we understand are you meaning it by by and by when I think of the coming. Oh, we will take the story how we are. Oh my [Applause] We are all ghost and baby I Oh my go and by. Oh by by and by. When the morning comes when I got where we tell our story how we are [Applause] we are of all is the life so your just put your trust in Jesus. Oh my I know where we will your heart. Oh my go. Oh my god. [Music] will take your hand. Oh Jesus. I wonder why going by. Oh my I will see you. Oh god, we will. [Music] Oh, I shall overcome. I shall overcome where I shall overcome. I know with all my heart I don't believe that I shall overcome. We shall overcome where we shall overcome. overcome. We shall overcome. [Music] I know my heart is over. Oh, we shall wear the crown. We shall wear the ground someday. We shall wear the ground someday. I know with all my heart where I do believe. Oh, we shall [Music] where Lord Christian Jesus. Oh, we won't be where you master is against the forming. Oh Jesus. I say like a mighty array where the s will be no divided one. We glory all the mag [Music] king Where will by the judge of Jesus most will remain where he shall prepare where we have our Jesus might Jesus before say I s to victory where foundation They I shout your li your voice your heart will almighty praise your soul. Oh, where we are of Jesus going on before ye join our now with your voice with glory glory and Christ the will be angels. Oh mighty God. Oh mighty. Oh Jesus. Oh we call. Amen. Yeah. God bless you onward Christian soldiers. You may get seated. Amen. Let's do one song here as we gather our offerings. Give me that song which says in the good oldfashioned way. In the good old fashion way. In the good old fashioned way. I am going home to gloryy in the good old fashioned way. In the good old fashioned way, the good way. I am going to glory in the good old fashion way. First verse. I am all the gospel. I rising forward to the go. Oh for me a rest remaining in that homeland of the soul where every hour moving forward. What a moment to delay. Yes, I am going home to glory in the good old fashioned way. In the gold or fashion way. In the good old fashion way. Well, I am going on to glory in the good old fashion way. In the good old fashioned way. In the good old fashioned way. S I am gone wing home to glory in the good old way from the sinful pleasures here my ferings me where though the way they call narrow it is wide enough for me. Oh, he was wide enough for every name. I am glad that I can follow him in the good old way. in the good old fashion way. In the glory land where I am going on to glory in the good old fashion way in the good old fashion way. In the good old fashion way. till I am going home to glory in the good old fashioned way. &gt;&gt; Our request, we humble ourselves &gt;&gt; as brother King gives us a prayer. Amen. Let's pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Most precious heavenly father, we humbly come before their prayers this morning, approaching you on the basis of the shed blood. Thank you for the wonderful fellowship you've given us. Thank you for the tithes and offering that have come forth from your children. May you replenish and may you give more from where they came. May you continue providing unto every need. And even as we approach the service now, speak to us. Make us ready. continue working in our hearts, revealing yourself to us in Jesus name I pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; As you're seated, sing with me this song as we prepare to receive the minister this morning. The song says, I stand amazed in the presence of Jesus. [Music] I stand amazed in the praise of Jesus the Nazar [Music] how he could love me. a sin condemn and clean. We sing it again. I stand amazed in the praise of Jesus and [Music] I wonder how he could love me. a sin condemn and clean. Oh, how marvelous, how wonderful and my soul shall never be. How my love, how wonderful is my savior's love for me. For me it was in the garden. They pray nor my will by life. He had no care for his own grave but sweetheart for me. Oh, how my love, how wonderful my soul will ever. Oh, how marvelous, how marvelous, how wonderful is my savior's love for me in pity in your me and came from the world All life to God. Find him in the soul. He bore for my soul that man. How marvelous, how wonderful my soul shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my love for me. He took my sin. He took my sin and my sorrow. in them is very old. He bore the ben to cover and suffered and died alone. And how marvelous, how wonderful my soul shall ever. Oh, how now how marvelous, how wonderful is my savior's love for me. Elijah again. [Music] [Music] Oh, when I get I will I [Music] see Did I get [Music] I get [Music] [Music] where I come on? When I come where I come peace and I go peace. And I go peace. And I go peace. Oh my god. [Music] Amen. Shall we get up on our feet now? Amen. [Music] Lord, prepare me to be a sanu with pure and holy. Is it your confession and true with thanksgiving [Music] I'll be a su for Lord bring me Lord to be a sanctuary. Oh, all right and true. with thanksgiving. Give us how I be to Lord for you. He is Lord. He is [Music] a he has risen from the dead Lord. [Music] Every knee shall shall bow. every [Music] [Music] [Music] praise. Yes. [Music] Yes. Yeah. Amen. Let us pray. &gt;&gt; Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, thank you for this morning, grace that you've given unto us. Father, that we can come into your presence. You said in your word that where two or three are gathered in your name, they are in their midst. Lord we've come with various needs and trusting you Lord Jesus meet everyone our bless our hearts heavenly father heal the sick in our ministry deliver the captives Lord save the sinners Lord he fill your children with the Holy Spirit that all the desires may be met upon this service In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We are thankful to God for this morning. The grace that the Lord has given unto us. Praise the name of our Lord. There is a sister that comes from called Sharon Rose. You can just raise up your hand. Yes, you're welcome to be with us. She fellowships in the church of pastor Joseph and then she stays now. To have you around. Amen. Amen. Then there's another sister who came because of the radio program. &gt;&gt; Okay, you can stand up. We appreciate you. Thank you for coming. I still want to receive you more that you can be part of us. Thank you so much. God bless you. We have others coming here for the first time you I believe we are not okay. You're welcome all of you. Amen. pastor is not around today. Just keep him in your prayers. So far has preached I think about four four or five services in Zimbabwe. So today is finishing with today. Keep him in your prayers. Then on Sunday we're hosting pastor Tom Ray. So you are all welcome for the services. We have also invited a number of churches and pastors and I believe may be over we may have extra 200 people on Sunday. So just call upon your support for your contributions for the lunch for all of us. I appreciate those who have been able to contribute but let each of us be involved in it. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of Lord. Even 1,000 can buy salt. Praise the name of our Lord. So give as the Lord puts it in your heart to give. Give over to brother Peter. Praise the name of our Lord. So we appreciate those who attended yesterday's praying and fasting and we just want to encourage those whenever there's an opportunity to come to the services of the Lord. It's always good for you to be part of them. Sometimes you don't know what the Lord has planned for you. Maybe something waited for 5 years, 10 years or one year or even something you don't know about what's going to happen in future. The Lord can help you now to know how to make the right decision. That's why it's good to come into the presence of the Lord because it helps us so much. Praise the name of. So I would call upon the youth on Friday. The Lord being gracious general cleaning of the whole place. You see not only in our compound here but even around whenever it rains trash is carried from across the road and comes and moves around our places. We get a lot of polyin papers and many things which are littered around. We just try to see that we take that responsibility to keep the neighborhood even our premises here you know washing cobwebs. Combo are not flowers. Praise the name of they are common in our environment. You know the Bible is interesting. The Bible says that one thing which you even get in the king's palace spider and You'll get the spiders, you know, you'll get those com there in one or another of the king. So you can they are tricky. Praise the name of. So today we have two services. One is for the youth, the youth who are in school. Then those who are out of school we shall be having the meeting at the end of the month end of the month and that will be I think on 26th that's when we shall have two services the the afternoon service will be for the those who are who are through school. So just to keep you in reminding next Sunday 19 we have two services all of us &gt;&gt; praise the name of our lord. Then on Sunday which is 26th we shall have also two services but for the youth in the afternoon then on 31st of this month that's the last Friday of the month shall have an overnight service here. Praise the name of our Lord. So before I go into the ministering of the word, invite my brothers and sisters to come and sing. Amen. Amen. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. As a child, I so foolishly turn God away, [Music] not knowing the heartache that a sinner must face. God my father in his goodness has made me return to share with his children his son of God. He will take you far. You want to go slowly and holy, taking control. The s will keep you longer than you. What to say? Sing with us. You follow and you want to save. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So with pleasures [Music] and promises sin to control, &gt;&gt; leaving me dying with nothing to show. born well. My loved ones and my dearest friends, only a savior would love me again. You see will take you far [Music] [Music] will give You want to say your father that you want to pay you nothing. Thank you father. Take for you to say [Music] to follow that you want to pay. Sin will cost you far more than you want to pay. [Music] [Applause] Amen. We thank God. Amen. Amen. Says sin will cost you far more than you want to pay. You longer than you want to stay for the blood of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of it. Doesn't matter how long sin has held you. Doesn't matter how far sin has taken you. Praise the name of our Lord. Power in the blood of Jesus that brings us back. Amen. Amen. Brother, you're welcome. [Applause] Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand up and have a word of prayer and go for the reason. Father, we thank you again this morning. We want to appreciate you for the blood of Jesus Christ that washes us from all sin all unrighteousness. Now you've given unto us to the access of the blood of Jesus by the preaching of the word. You say the gospel is the power of God unto salvation is the light of God that has come to the world. We pray may give us the grace father dwell in this light that lord we may be fully transformed and help us all together heavenly father we may yield more and more unto you our image changed we may be like the lord Jesus speak to us heavenly father deliver us from all bondage fill us with your spirit In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. So let us go to Luke chapter 22. We're reading from verse one to verse 6. So the Bible says now the feast of the unleavened bread drew nigh which is called the Passover. And the chief priests and scribes sought how they might kill him, for they feared the people. Then entered Satan into Judas, son named Iscarot, being of the number of the 12. And he went his way, and communed with the chief priests and captains, how he might betro him unto them. And they were glad and covenanted to give him money. And he promised and sought opportunity to betray him unto them in the absence of the multitude. May God blessing of his word. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So I want to preach on the subject Satan entered Judas. You know by this morning when I woke up I knew I was going to preach about acceptable sacrifice. But then this thought came strongly. Then I said maybe it's for another day. Let me put it aside. It came came on came on came on. And now my mind was taken over to this and God maybe being gracious maybe at the end of the month we shall take the acceptable sacrifice. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says Satan entered Judas and Judas was one of the 12 apostles of Jesus Christ. And you know Judas &gt;&gt; was a minister of the gospel. &gt;&gt; Judas was saved. &gt;&gt; Judas was sanctified. And Judas had his name on the lamb's book of life and he walked with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. He was a preacher of the gospel. He was a treasure in the church. You know, he was part of the 12. But Satan entered Judas. Now, that's how strange it is. But you see in the world that we are living in there are two powers. There is the power of God and then there is the power of Satan. Now in the message the greatest battle ever fought. He says, "Now, do you know we've heard wars after wars and rumors of wars, and if the earth stands, we will have plenty more wars. You know the time when the wars will not be there is when the Lord Jesus Christ is the king of the earth. When the Lord Jesus Christ is the Lord of lords. But as long as Jesus is not the Lord of the earth, there can never be peace in the earth. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. During the millennial reign of Christ, the Bible says the earth will be full of the knowledge of God and the waters cover the sea. You know when when waters covers a place even the free space is covered by water. When Christ is the king of the earth then there will be no wars at that time. There will be no death at that time. There will be no sickness at that time. There will be no povert at that time. There will be no saying that I'm better than you at that time. Everybody will be drawing from the Lord. Everybody will be hearing the voice of the Lord. And we shall need no preachers at that time because everybody will know what to do. The knowledge of God the earth. As long as we are not yet in the rain, all these troubles will be there. All these battles will be there, you know, you look at the nations right now. You look at the kingdoms of the world at this time. And then you compare every country. They have their own problems. They have their own battles. They have the things that afflict them. Now you may say maybe Uganda it is us and go to the neighboring then you go maybe to developed countries troubles everywhere battles everywhere because the devil rules the kingdoms of this world and the devil ruling the kingdoms of this world. He has nothing good to give them, other than sin other than death, other than you know troubles everywhere, this peace comes only from God. And as long as God is not in need, there is no peace. So he says there are two powers in the world. And he says the the world will still have more wars. Do you realize that there is really only two powers in the Holy Ghost? All our differences, between nations, our differences between each other. Everything. It all amounts to two powers. There are only two powers and there's only two kingdoms. two powers, two kingdoms. One is the power of God and the kingdom of God. And then there is the power of Satan. And the kingdom of Satan right now, the world in its condition is under the kingdoms of Satan right now. the way we living. &gt;&gt; But when you read in Genesis one, God created the earth, &gt;&gt; he gave Adam dominion over everything. Adam was the king of the earth. Adam was the god of the earth. But now when sin came, Satan lost his position in heaven. And then he came as a squatter, &gt;&gt; you know, to come and take over the earth. And the only way he would take over the earth was to convince Eve and then Adam and then they followed what the devil wanted them to do. That's how Satan took over and that's how Satan also takes over us. You know, he brings something enticing, something attractive and then you find you are lured into it. You know, then you get involved into it, you know. Then you find yourself you are participating into it. You become part of it. You become identified with it. That's how Satan takes a hold. As Satan takes a hold, then he starts to kind of, you know, have dominion, you know, kind of controlling everything. That even appoints his kind of, you know, ambassador, you know, maybe this demon of lying, maybe this demon of backbiting, this demon of this working for the kingdom of Satan. Now he says there are two kingdoms. All the rest even the little minor things are connected with either one of those powers and those powers there is God's power and Satan's power. Every war, every disorder and everything comes along, it's either controlled by God's power or Satan's power because that's the only two powers there is. That is the power of life and then the power of death. the only two powers and Satan can only his powers is got &gt;&gt; is perverted power of God. It is not real power. It is a perversion of godly power. everything that Satan has. So, Satan perverts the things of God. He perverts the power of God, perverts the word of God, anything that God has done, he uses it. Now, anything you find contrary to the word of God is of the devil. So then you need to live what is not of God because that's what the devil does. And what is a lie? A lie is the truth perverted. That's what it is. He just takes the opposite. Opposition here. Opposition here. Opposition here. That's what the devil does. Adultery &gt;&gt; is the right act perverted between wrong. The people were not meant to do it. So he just keeps on perverting. So he says death is only a perverted life. A lie is only truth mistold. Adultery is an act misused. Righteous a righteous act you misuse. Everything that Satan has has got is something that was perverted. It is a power and we are today sitting here. All the other power is going to control us. Let's cast out the evil one. Let us take our position like the stars of heaven. Now Satan, when you read in the scriptures in Isaiah chapter 14, praise the name of our Lord and then we can start from verse 12. He says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations? So Lucifer, the Bible says son of the morning that was the name of Satan. And then he, the Bible says, for you have said in your heart, I will ascend into heaven, &gt;&gt; and I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. So now you see that sin starts from the heart. Satan said in his heart I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. So then you need to watch out what is in your heart. What are your thoughts? Are they thoughts of God? Thoughts of Satan? Because this is how sin starts. It starts from the heart. So then he says, I will ascend above the heights of the cloud and I'll be like the most high. So Satan desired from the very beginning to be like God to compete with God. And then he convinced angels in heaven. And then they had a war in heaven. And the Bible says he was defeated in heaven. He lost his position in heaven. So he was thrown here on earth. And now when he's thrown here on earth, he also tries to find a position in earth. And that's when he was able to use the serpent. And then the serpent was able to deceive Eve. And then the sin came here on earth. And that's how Satan took over the place. And then he started doing all those kind of things. But you see the desire of Satan from the beginning. He was to be woripped like God. And so the Bible tells us that at this end time, Satan will have a man that will be worshiped like God and Satan will be in this man. The way Satan was in the serpent and then people worship the man and the man comes as if he's God and then the people believe him. The people worship him, you know, and then it will bring destruction. So what he desired in heaven, he fulfills it here on earth. Praise the name of our Lord. Now we should also know &gt;&gt; that Satan &gt;&gt; is very religious, &gt;&gt; very religious. When you read in the scriptures, the people who were against Christ much more than anybody, they were the religious people. They were the religious people. Now it doesn't mean that those who are not religious They can't fight God. They can't oppose God. That's the religious one. They even said he's worth of death. He desired Barabus, a murderer, a rapist, a raper, a robber. and he said we would rather live with Barabus than this Jesus here religious spirit. So then you find that Satan he uses different kind of rims. He uses the religious rim. He uses the political rim and even the demonic rim. He uses all those kind of So then if you are religious, the devil will come to you as a religious. So if you are a politician, he will also come as a politician. If you go to a shrine, there he is. He uses all those kind of things to deceive to see how we can take a hold of him. So when he came to Jesus Christ, he saw Jesus was hungry. Now you can imagine for 40 days Jesus was being tempted of the devil. But now the devil would not get anywhere to take kind of attention of Jesus. Now when the fasting ended and then Jesus was hungry and it was in a desert, there was no market there. There was no restaurant there. There was no maybe no tree with a fruit there. It was a desert. Then the devil tells them look at the situation you are in. You are hungry. You can't have food the next maybe six hours or the whole day from here. What you need to do as a son of God, turn these stones into bread and eat and the devil also comes to us like that. Sometimes you have something challenging you in life. Oh, why don't you do this? How long will you wait? And then perhaps you say this is a convincing idea and then you go by Satan. So Satan came to Jesus and Satan will always look at your weak point where is the weakest point of the chain and then they say that the chain is as strong as its weakest point. So what are your weaknesses in life? And those are the areas the devil will always come around to tempt you here, to tempt you here, your weak points. And you know in the animal kingdom, they always guard the weak ones. You always see that you guard where the weak point is. We put attention there because the devil knows that will be easier for me to go and the devil always keeps on finding out where is your weak point and then he can try to use that weak point to make sure that you fail. Now let us go to Ezekiel chapter 28. Ezekiel chapter 28 And then we read in verse 12, &gt;&gt; the Bible says, "Son of man, take up the lamentation upon the king of Tyrus and say unto him, thus says the Lord God, though sealst the psalm, full of wisdom and perfect in beauty. Now when Satan, you know, Satan can enter animals like the other man of Gada, you know, all the the demons which were cast by Jesus Christ from the pigs or from the man of Gada. And then they were cast into the pigs. Satan enters pigs. Satan enters people. Satan enters nature. You read Job chapter one. You find Satan enters thieves and uses them to steal. Satan enters the rapists. You know, Satan enters murderers. Satan enters animals and then they do any form of thing. Satan enters nature. He can use nature to do something which you see he used nature the winds to come and blow the house where children of Job were. So now Satan here in the scriptures in Ezekiel chapter 28, Satan had entered the king of Tyrus. And when Satan entered the king of Tyrus, the way Satan will enter the beast, the man a beast, Revelations 13 until the Bible says dragon gave him his seat, his authority and great powers. So now here Satan entered the king of Tyrus until the king of Tyrus had wisdom and understanding. And the wisdom he had understanding he had he was able to get riches and become so powerful. So now the spirit of God is looking at Satan who was in the king of Tyrus and then telling the king the Satan in the king of Tyrus. And then the spirit says, "Thus says the Lord, those up the psalm full of wisdom are perfect in beauty." Verse 13, thou hast been in the garden of Eden. Of course, now this is not the king of tyrants because he was not there. In the garden of Eden, Adam and Eve, but now he's addressing the spirit that is in the king of Tyrus. He said, "You were in the garden of a precious stone was your covering. The sadis, &gt;&gt; the diamond, &gt;&gt; the bar, &gt;&gt; the jasper, &gt;&gt; the saffer, &gt;&gt; the emirant, the gold, the workmanship of thy tablets and of thy pipes, were prepared in the day that Zo was created. though at the anointed cherub that covers and I've said this so was upon the holy mountain of God walkest up and down in the midst of the stones of fire was perfect in thy ways from the day that you were created. iniquity was found in them. Now he's talking about Lucifer we call Satan. And then he's describing how gifted gifted Lucifer was. Lucifer. Lucifer Lucifer had the gift of wisdom. Lucifer Lucifer had the gift of beauty. Lucifer Lucifer &gt;&gt; had the gift of music. And Lucifer was anointed. He covered. He was gifted. Now that is Satan. And all the gifts that Satan had before they fall, he comes down with them. He has the gift of wisdom. He has the gift of understanding. He has the gift of beauty. He has the gift of music. He fell with those gifts. And so he uses this gift to see how he can enter the people. He has these gifts, he fell with them. Praise the name of Lord. So in the garden of Eden, even before the garden of Eden, Lucifer Lucifer was a cherubim anointed of God. And then he would sing to play until Satan uses musicians to take many people to hell and everybody patterns after musicians like now you go in the neighborhood then you get a small kid dancing like somebody else and then the people cheering you. anointing watches something, they watch something, they start doing it, Satan has already taken over their heart. So they want to behave like that. You know those days it was the mad people used to kind of wear braids and And people cuz they don't scratch they it just grows and then it coins then the demon left the mad people and then get into the musicians and now it has got into the people and then you get somebody with their young children they also doing the same. Satan enters people and then they start fashioning themselves after those things. Until now, some of the smartest people we have are those who have those hair locks and so on. They are too smart. When they reason you, you find you don't know anything. But where does that come from? You know, we got some of these best schools in the world. When you got some of the best schools in the world, best universities, you get them there, smart, intelligent. So now, but what is wrong with that? Because Satan has taken over everywhere. So Satan fell with his gift. He fell with the gift of beauty. So he uses beauty to see that he entices people. He enters people. He uses beauty. Praise the name of our Lord. So now and what the devil does he find even the person who is very attractive you know looking so beautiful. Just talk about a woman very beautiful, very attractive. The devil will tell them. &gt;&gt; So she wants to show her underneath garment. He won't show the private part. That's the devil. He's trying to get a hold of people. Let them see your figure until the fashion which has come what they put on is as good as they are naked. But now we'll talk about it. There are demons that have already got among us enticing this one here. Enticing this one here. And then you find somebody to choose a wife. They first look at beauty wife. &gt;&gt; Oh, this one I cannot take our place. No. It is so convincing. But now when they marry, he finds that beauty cannot keep marriage. could not keep her marriage. Yet she was the most beautiful person. Then he says then he knocked. How did you knock? Where were you looking? So the devil is so convincing. So he g you in that situation. You've married a beauty queen and you announce everybody to be there one year down the road. How is home your burning then you are trying to find out how do you go out of that hot home because you only looked at the outside. You didn't go further. What is inside this person? What is the character of this person? How much of God is in this person? Praise the name of the Lord. So, Satan uses this gift. You know, he can use wisdom. Maybe a sister can fall for a brother who is brilliant. The way he talks smart finish a sentence he has recommended this and then you you marry you enter you start living with him. He's very brilliant and he's too brilliant even to cheat you on everything. We can't live together. Satan uses all these things. And when he has wisdom, he gets wealth. So you he can use wealth to convince you. You know like they asking to cry in I would rather cry in the bed. Rich is taking them. But Satan puts all these kind of things in. So you need the grace of God to overcome all these wild things. Praise the name of our Lord. So Satan use these things and others they fall by the gift is a talented person. I'm going to go by this person. Satan uses this thing &gt;&gt; and then he uses this that he can convince people. He can enter into the people and that's how he establishes his kingdom. Praise the name of our Lord. He fell with gift. That's what Satan is. He will use different gifts based on the circumstances. Praise the name of our Lord. Now let us go to the book of Ezra. &gt;&gt; Ezra chapter 6. &gt;&gt; Ezra Ezra chapter 4 &gt;&gt; and then we read from verse one. The Bible says, "Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin had that the children of captivity builded the temple unto the Lord God of Israel." Ezra 4:1 This is &gt;&gt; Yeah. Then you read it when you're finished. They came to Zerubbabel and to the chief of the fathers and said unto them, now the Bible says when the adversaries they were adversaries of Judah and Benjamin, you know, they were not at all desired anything good to happen to Israel. They never desired the city to be built again. They never desired the temple to be built again. And then the Bible says when they had Zerubbabel and the children from captivity has been given authority by the king to come and build the city. Then they come Satan. Then the Bible says he said let us build with you. Yeah, you can imagine that they are adversaries but they saying let us build with you. Satan, &gt;&gt; he comes in a religious form. Let us worship with you. You know God created us. You know we are but don't care how we worship. Our pastor is called you know the Holy Spirit comes down our pastor that one. So you come you'll be blessed the adversaries of Judah. Let us build together let us worship together don't care. Even if you find an at the door for us we don't worship. We just remember these idols. These are holy people. So we have not come to worship. We worship the same one. God religious say ah surely the spirit of God is in this place. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You start talking in oh God has been gracious religious very religious you know coming let us move together let's work together you know the devil is so smart when he went to Jesus Jesus knocked him down on being hungry Then he said, "You let us go to the mountain. Everybody desires glorious things." So they go to the high mountain. And when they reach the high mountain, the Bible says he showed him the kingdoms of the world in a moment. That's now television. This vision of New York, this vision of Paris, this vision of Los Angeles, this vision of Toro and also showed them ginger here said all these places if you want a plot, I'll give you a free hold. That's one thing you have to do. Go and cheat. &gt;&gt; Go and change agreement because worship me then I'll give you and you know it is in the season where the devil has promised many people. If you want to become an MP, you go and bear false witness. go and lie, &gt;&gt; go and kill. &gt;&gt; Go and steal. &gt;&gt; I'll give you that leadership. And so they are busy doing whatever funny thing they doing. And what they want is that authority. So they have to first worship the devil to do evil things. Then the devil gives them. Jesus said no. You know, Satan knew that Jesus is going to be the hair to all the kingdom. He said, "Ah, I I can give them to you. You don't need to go and die. It's the time to give you this. You don't need to go through the other pain. Said you have." And that's what the devil does. He said, "You want this? Worship me here. This one for us ours first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast this one is bating because you want fast money that's what the devil does so he was selling the kingdom to Jesus by worshiping Then Jesus said no. So now when he knew that Jesus is using the word of God says let us go and pray let's go in church. Then they go to the temple and then the devil takes him to the highest point. He never took Jesus to the shrine. He took him to the temple. And then we took him to the temple. He opened Psalms 91. Started quoting him. What was he doing? He was preaching. Preaching to Jesus. It is written. You need to show your power. Jump. Let them know that you have the power. Satan. Satan. So he's so religious. He will use any form of way to take a hold of you so that he can enter into you. So we have read here in Judas's career. The Bible says he went and communed with the chief priest. He was looking for opportunity to make more money. So he went said you've been looking for him all these times you want to catch him but he has many people but for me I know where he is where I'm taking you there are not going to be anyation they clapped hands and they said God has answered our prayer Judas has come &gt;&gt; and then they they they Judas's scariot He went ahead. But all this Satan had entered Judah's escar. And that's what the devil can do. When Satan enters a person, you even start turning against what is right. You even start turning against what you stand by. Just because now you have taken the line of these people, they keep on influencing you, influencing you and you draw away from them. You know, you get involved in many things which are not right. You start doing things which are not right. You start hearing things which are not right. You start watching things. you start reading things, it's just the devil taking a hold of you, throwing you away from the positive influence. So now we need to identify the plans of Satan. The children of Judah and Benjamin when these people came, they were looking better than them because for them they are coming from their homes. Now for you are captive. You have come. You are imitated. You are weak. Until they were told even the world they are going to build is going to fall down by by animals. They were weak you know. So they were despised. said, "We have this money, you know, this governor, this equipment, and now to build with it." They said, "No, praise the name of our Lord." We need also to identify Satan and not make an agreement with Satan, not to be in the same kind of, you know, walk with Satan. Satan is telling you this, and you also accepting it. You need to see that you reject whatever the religious we are all going to heaven. &gt;&gt; The way is narrow. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. It's a narrow path. So now you have to fit in it. There are things you have to cut off to be in that narrow way. Oh, God looks at the heart. Whatever you do, cares about what you do outside. Praise the name of a woman puts on what pertains to a man, it's an abomination. That's what the Bible says. So, he cares. He wants to see what you do. He wants how you dress. Praise the name of So the Bible says they said we want to build with you because we seek your God as you do. We worship the same God. If their God is a stone, say it is the same God. If their God is a bird, say it's the same God. It's not the same God. as they said, "And we do sacrifice unto him unto him and since the days of Shahadan, king of Assa, which brought us up hither." Now you see so religious. So now the leadership and Joshua becauseel was the governor and Joshua was the high priest and the rest of the chief of the fathers said unto them, you have nothing &gt;&gt; to do with us &gt;&gt; to build an house unto our God. That's what you need to tell the devil. Satan for you. You're building &gt;&gt; is lying, deceiving, &gt;&gt; fighting. So what stone is he giving you? Then he say, "But we ourselves build together the Lord our God as the king of Persia has commanded us. You need to take a determination. Praise the name of our Lord. I know this thing here is not of God." And so we see the same thing here in Nehemiah 2 and verse 19. The Bible says, "But when S Balot and Horite and Tobia the servant, the Ammonite and the Gishan the Arabian had it. They laughed us to scorn and despised us and said, "What is this thing that you do? Will you rebel against the king?" Yeah. Nehemiah chapter 2 and then verse 19. [Music] Then answered I them and said unto them, the God of heaven will prosper us. Therefore, we his servants will arise and build. But you have no portion, nor a right, nor a memorial in Jerusalem. Amen. Amen. So they answered them. They have no portion. They have no right nor a memorial in Jerusalem. But you see how the devil does that. Now, but like now what's happening in the Middle East? The devil says &gt;&gt; the city is ours all &gt;&gt; and let us divide it. Just the same thing here. They have no memorial. They have no ancestors. This is ours. And that's what the devil also does to us. But Jesus said, "Satan has no part in me." Now if Satan has no part in Christ, why do you want Satan to have part in you? Why do you want Satan to enter you? Why do you want to receive from Satan when he has no portion, no memorial? He has no inheritance in God. is just a squatter here on earth. His destination is in the lake of fire. Then why would you allow the devil to take a hold of your mind to take a hold of your mouth to take a hold of your action? So the Bible say if your right eye causes you to sin it out. In other words, this eye here is being taken to watch things which are not right said remove it. Shut it. Why would you want to be destroyed by having a portion with the devil? If your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off. In other words, wherever the devil is trying to get a hold of you, cut off that section. Cut off that area. Praise the name of our Lord. Maybe it is your phone all the time on things which are not right. Take them away. Praise the name of our Lord. Why would you want to take time and do things which are not right? It is your friends. They are causing you to do things which are not right. cut them off. Praise the name of our Lord. Why would you be destroyed with them? Praise the name of our Lord. So they told them, "You have no portion. You have no memorial. You have no right." Praise the name of our Lord in Jerusalem which is the kingdom of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go back to Ezra 4 &gt;&gt; and then we read in verse 4. &gt;&gt; The Bible says, "The people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah and traveled them in the building. Now that's the devil does. When you reject him, then he comes to trouble you. You've rejected his false worship. Then he comes to trouble you. He troubles you. When you are coming to church, he gives you programs. He's troubling you. He troubles you by many ways or this pressure or maybe sickness or something is going to happen and then your mind is drawn away from God and then you cannot build the tabernacle of God and you are the tabernacle of God. Devil is hindering you from participating in the construction by keeping you away from church, by making you not take things of church serious, by making you not take the time you come to church serious. You know the devil, he weakens and when he's able to weaken you, you finally lose interest. even if I don't go today. And he keeps drawing you. So when you don't go, he has a list of things for you to do. Today you catch up with the work. Today you catch up with friends, catch up with the relatives. is a program which they play at around mid on Sunday. Okay, but I need to be keeping reminders there troubling us so that you are not building the house and then you find you become weaker. At the end of the day, you lose interest. no longer benefiting from these things. That's the devil. &gt;&gt; Now, the Bible says, "And they hired counselors against them to frustrate their purpose all the days of Cyrus, king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius, king of Persia. Now see, Satan uses the polit the religious realm. So when you finish when you fail him on the religious, he goes to the political and uses politics, how to frustrate you, how to take a hold of you. And this is what the devil does. And now when he uses that, maybe he has not succeeded and he goes into the demonic. attack either want to kill you or do anything or character assassinate you. In verse six, and in the reign of Ahasuras in the beginning of his reign wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem. [Music] So the devil could use the religious, political and the demonic to see that he attacks us. How we can enter you now in the fourth seal. It says, "Now notice the antichrist was on a pale horse, [Music] mixed color. A horse is a beast that represents a power. His power is all mixed. Why? I want us to move together. &gt;&gt; He says his color is all mixed up. Why it is politics? It's national powers. &gt;&gt; It's religious powers. It is demonic powers. It's all kinds of powers mixed together. Mixed pale horse wars. He got all kinds of powers. But when Jesus comes, it is one solid color. This one here is mixed colors. Red, &gt;&gt; white, black. &gt;&gt; Three colors in one represented in one and three powers represented in one. a white horse, a black horse, a red horse, and the three crowns in one. I seen the crown myself stood that close and looked at it wouldn't let me get to it on the account of the glass. So there it was a big lock on it &gt;&gt; sitting there in a case &gt;&gt; triple crown. &gt;&gt; So religious power that's heavenly you know in others representing the heavenly order the political power representing the earthly order. Then the demonic representing the underneath world. &gt;&gt; Those are now the three triple crowns on the beast have power over heaven. I'm the vic of Christ. &gt;&gt; I'm the one who rules the world and I'm the one who decides that you can leave purgatory and then go to heaven. Triple crown. you know the powers of Satan and then he says so there he was it's the triple crown &gt;&gt; the vicor of heaven purgatory &gt;&gt; and earth three powers united together all mixed up in a color pale Death spoke in the whole thing. Political and religious and demonic powers mixed together. Politics. He is the king of politics. Satan is praise the name of our Lord. So you see how the devil works out. He goes into this. He goes into this. He goes into this &gt;&gt; politics, religion, &gt;&gt; demonic all working there in those. So then you have to be careful. How can I be in position? Praise the name of Lord. You see that the devil does not deceive me. Now when you leave the word because we are fortified by the word of God, it's the word that protects us. So now when you leave the word of God, then the devil can attack you. The devil can enter you. And that's what happened with Judas. When Judas left Jesus Christ, the devil had to take a hold of. So you need to find out what is that in your heart. What's that you desire most? What do you delight in most? Because the devil is always working out how he can enter into you, how he can enter into your family. How you can enter into your place of God for ways, how we can come and frustrate you to come and disturb this, to come and trouble this. Praise the name of our Lord. Now let us go to Luke chapter 10 and then verse 17. The Bible says, "And the servant returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even devils are subject unto us through thy name. said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven. Now see how the Lord is telling us here that Satan falling from heaven. Now at the time we are in Satan has access to reach everywhere. Praise the name of our Lord. He can go to heaven, hell, even here on earth. He has access. He's not yet bound. He can also have access to you what he wants you to do. Just give him your ear. And then he will preach to you. Then he will pre he will influence you. Open your eyes to what he's doing. He just sees how he has access to you. So here the Bible says that can fall from heaven like lightening. What is lightening? Is something glorious. He comes with such power, great influence. What a great wonder, what a great miracle. In Matthew chapter 24 and verse 24, the Bible says, there shall arise false Christ and false prophets. In other words, falsely anointed people. Let me talk about this false anointing. It is an anointing of the Holy Spirit on the wrong of vessel until they do the signs and the wonders. The blind will see, the sick will be getting you know the lame will walk power of God but wrong vessel. He uses deception. And so the Bible is warning us that even in this end time the devil will come like that. Here I was falling like lightning. glory and power. So you have to be careful what you are following. You must be careful. What are you listening to? You must be careful. What are you watching? Because all these are dreams of Satan. How he can enter into you. He uses all these things. Now the Bible says in Deuteronomy chapter 13 and then verse one chapter 13 and then verse one. If there arise among you a prophet or a dreamer of dreams, and giveth thee a sign, or a wonder, The wonder come to pass where of he spoke unto you, saying, Let us go after other gods, which thou hast known, and let us serve them. You shall not hearken unto the words of that prophet or the dreamer of dreams. For the Lord your God provest you to know whether you love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul. You shall walk after the Lord your God and a fear him and keep his commandments and obey his voice and you shall serve him and cleave unto him. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says somebody will do signs, do wonders, miracles and then they will come to pass and truly the thing has been true. But then if he speaks something contrary to the word in other words he's not teaching you the word of God. He says reject that person because God has permitted those signs and wonders to happen to prove you. Do you really love God or not love? So our love for God comes by the obedience of the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. The word that God has given to us is what God requires us to obey. Not just to follow a sign, not just to follow a wonder, but what does the word of God say in you know the Bible says in Revelations chapter 13 that the beast out of the earth will do signs and wonders until we deceive the world. The Bible says here in verse 14, Revelation 13:14, let us start from verse 13. And he does great wonders so that he makes fire come from heaven on the earth in the sight of men. And he deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast, saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wounds by the sword and did live. Now, Satan, Satan doing all he can to deceive. So, he uses signs and wonders. But then, what is the voice behind those things? Where is the word of God? So the Bible told us we need to love God and keep his commandments and obey his voice and cleave only to him. So now Satan can use anything religious to take a hold of a person to deceive a person to enter into a person. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we are watchful. What is this happening nowadays? What is it up to? So you don't go by a bandwagon because many people are following this thing. We have to follow the thing is what is behind it and the main thing what is the word? What is the word talking about? What are they talking about? Preaching on the word of God has given us a message of the hour which is the standard that we have now. So you use this message of the hour to prove everything to find out what is this thing leading us to. Praise the name of God. so that you are protected from the lying spirits of Satan. Praise the name of the Lord. You know there was a time when King Jehoshaphat went and visited King Ahab in Israel and Ahab wanted to go and redeem Ramos Gilead. And then he told Joseph, "Oh, let us go to Ramos Gillad. said I'm your brother when &gt;&gt; let us ask a prophet &gt;&gt; now he was a religious man but the Bible says there was nobody as terrible as but he was a religious man so he had 400 prophets Hebrew prophets. So he called them and Zedekiah was their their chief. Come and prophesy. What are we going to do in Ramos Gill? Then they said you go out, you're going to win. They all prophesied good to the king. Then Jehoshaphat being a religious man being a person who fears God and there are no other prophets. So it's not following many people but it's following where the truth is where is the truth in not how many people have voted for it or how many people are following this. Where is God in this thing? Praise the name of our Lord. Then I have told Jehoshaphat, &gt;&gt; I have one called Mikai. I hate him. Said don't say like that. Okay, you go and tell him. So now they sent a servant to Mikai. Then Mikai they told him you know all the prophets are talking well about the king also what you need to do come and also stamp the same thing we have to sign our petition that we talking about the same just be part he said what the Lord shows me is what I'm going to say just come and tell them anything but he waited on the Lord until he heard the word from the Lord. Then he came and then he told the king, "Ah, go up." Because the king wanted to hear that. Now, when we come to church, we don't come to hear what we want to hear. But want to hear what the Lord has for. Praise the name of our Lord. And sometimes may not be suitable to you, but it is medicine. Praise the name of God. Just take it in good faith. Maybe there's a way your weakness has been identified. The Lord have mercy upon me. And you know God is so gracious that when he speaks about your weakness, it shows he has given you the grace to overcome it. Say Lord, I want to be delivered out of this. Praise the name of. Then you reject that because at that point you are hearing the truth and the lord is telling you there is mercy here is here for your deliverance don't reject it. So so was told please if you go in the battle I saw Israel as a a sheep without a shepherd. said you see him he doesn't like me said you know he's talking bad about then Mai told them let us go to 2 Coronicles chapter 18 praise the name of our Lord 2 Coronicles chapter 18 and then verse 18 And again he said, "Therefore hear the word of the Lord. I saw the Lord sitting upon his throne and all the host of heaven standing on his right hand and on his left. And the Lord said, "Who shall entice Ahab, king of Israel, that he may go up and fall at Ramothth Gilead?" And one spoke, saying, "After this manner, and another saying after that manner. Then there came out a spirit and stood before the Lord and said, I will entice him. And the Lord said unto him, wherewith And he said, "I will go out and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets." And the Lord said, "Those shall entice sin, and those shall also prevail. Go out and even do so. Therefore, behold, the Lord has put a lying spirit in the mouth of these thy prophets, and the Lord has spoken evil against you. But how did it happen? Because they didn't want to hear the truth. So because they don't want to hear the truth, they open up to lying spirits. And that's the same thing with us. When we don't take what the word of God tells us, The devil is right there to enter in. He's just ready because you have you have rejected to turn right. Then which way is left? The wrong way. And that's what Satan does every other. So you need to find out the decisions you are making. Is it the Lord leading you? by the power of God or by the power of Satan. So now when Ahab and his prophets refused to hear the word of God, a lying spirit came and took a hold of them and they believed a lie thinking that it's the truth until Zedekiah came and smoke the mouth of Mica. And he said to him, "Which way went the spirit of the Lord for me to speak to you?" He was convinced that he had the spirit of God. Yet it was a lying spirit, Satan in a religious way. The Bible tells us in Matthew chapter 7 and then verse 21 that many will come that day. Lord, I did miracles. Lord, I prophesied and I did this great thing. And they were sincere. They were talking of the Lord. Lord, an idol worshiper. Lord, I did this in your name. Even these people and others they were fully convinced it was the Holy Spirit that was upon them. So he said go up and I will prosper you. Go up and I will prosper you. But how did an evil spirit take a hold of them? Because they rejected the truth. And the truth is our protection. Sometimes it may not be the best option there. Maybe when you are a youth, you know, I also need to go and learn dancing. People can see me my dancing stroke things like that. But where are you learning from? Then now they bring for you secular music. So you have to go by those kind of things. &gt;&gt; The spirit is to show yourself on Tik Tok. There is a way they kind of put themselves suggesting to somebody they don't know. And it is common now not only among the youth but even the elderly then he puts then you start wondering what is This one puts it there. You can put it there. Others in the suggestive world they are dancing, dancing, sitting, maybe lying on the bed, many different things, just evil spirits that are taking a hold of the people. Maybe since this friend has done it, let me also do it. enticing spirits. Now in the message enticing spirits he says now today so many people are listening so many people are listening to enticing spirits and instead of taking the word of God spirits they are in the world they are demons and they go out into places and get amongst men, ministers. They get among his church members. They get among good people and they cause them to come into illusion and they say things, they do things, they teach things, they practice things which are contrary to the word of God. Today ministers and other congregations are allowing their people to play cards in the churches. Many of them now that's not all together Catholic but there's a lot of Protestants that does that. What are they trying to do? It is a substitutionary something. They try to adopt some new plan. They try to adopt education to take the place of the Holy Ghost. You'll never be able to do it. No matter how well your man is educated, I think it is a good thing for him to be educated. But if he has not got the Holy Ghost with that his education will do no good. Education will never take the place of the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. Enticing spirit. You know the devil just entices you into this thing into this thing and then you find you part of it and so you start defending it. You don't want to leave it. You live after that thing. We need to be careful about enticing. Praise the name of God. Enticing spirits at home. Enticing spirits at places of work. Enticing spirits at places of study or in the community. and you find yourself you do that thing and you don't care. So we need to guard ourselves against the enticing spirit. Allow the Holy Spirit to take charge over your life. Praise the name of our Lord. And when it is the Holy Ghost that has charge over your life, it will always lead you to the word of God. The Holy Ghost will teach you the word. The Holy Ghost will remind you the word and tell you no this thing is not. You're taking a wrong direction. This is the way to take. Praise the name of God. We need to see that we avoid enticing spirit. Praise the name of Lord. Let us go to the book of second Thessalonians. 2 Thessalonians chapter 2. The scripture says the time has gone. I don't want to get into a lot here. But let us start from verse three. Let no man deceive you by any means for that they shall not come except there be a falling away first and the man of sin be revealed the son of pition. Now you see how Satan works. The way it was in the garden of Eden, there were two trees. the tree of knowledge of good and evil and then the tree of life. And these two trees according to the message of the hour have always been intertwined. You know they are always together but they are totally different. Satan and Jesus always intertwined. Satan, &gt;&gt; Cain, &gt;&gt; Cain. &gt;&gt; Then you see Abel, &gt;&gt; Adam, &gt;&gt; Adam all together. &gt;&gt; So even now when it came to the time of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; Satan took a hold of Judah Escariot. So the spirit of antichrist, you know, when Jesus was going to the cross, the spirit of antichrist also took Judas to hang himself trying to resemble. You have died on the the cross. I'm also dying on on the tree hanging myself. &gt;&gt; So Satan is always there. I'm also present. &gt;&gt; I'm also here. &gt;&gt; In the Old Testament. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, they use the animal sacrifices. Now, Satan at first, he thought was it was plants. So, he says they ate an apple. Then later on said God is not on the apple. Then he started also copy. Now when God lifts the animal sacrifice and now takes the blood of Jesus Christ. The devil says we want blood. You have bought a car. You have to uh you are building a house. You have to shed blood. &gt;&gt; So whatever God leaves, the devil takes over. In the Old Testament, the priest of Aaron, their priesthood, they had garment to put on everything. Now God lives that in the New Testament. The devil says that you have to wear a bishop you put on the crown things. The devil just knows how to copy following. So now here the Bible says the man of sin, &gt;&gt; the son of pition And this is the beast in Revelation 13. He's a man. And then the Bible says who opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God, all that is worship. So that he so this man of sin says I'm God and sits in the temple of God showing himself is God. The mind of the devil in Isaiah 14 like the most high. So he uses it now in the man of sin. Then he says he shows himself like God. &gt;&gt; Remember ye not when I was you, yet I told you these things. And now you know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. Now let us jump that. And then the Bible says verse 10, and with all deceivers of unrighteousness in them that perish, because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. What does God do? They have rejected the truth. They have not they don't have the love for the truth. So the Bible says in verse 11, "And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion. that they all might be damned who believe not the truth but have pleasure in unrighteousness because they rejected the truth. So lies come you know false things comeing spirits come and that was the condition of Judah he refused to follow Christ He had his own schemes. He had his own kind of games and drama. So at the end of the day because he has rejected the truth. Lying spirits went into him. Satan entered Judah. How did it come? Because he rejected the truth. But we are not of them. who reject the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. We are here because we believe the truth, because we love the truth, because we obey the truth. So then you need to see your love for God is not taken by anything else. See that you stand firm on the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. See that you don't worship Satan. See that you deny Satan access. And if you have never accepted the Lord Jesus as your personal savior, the way to overcome Satan, accept the Lord Jesus as your personal savior. And when you accept Christ as your personal savior, you need to be obedient to the word. Allow the Lord Jesus as your savior and not only as your savior as the Lord. In other words, he rules your mind. He rules your heart. He rules your action. You allow Christ to take over everything. Let him be your king. Let him be your Lord. Praise the name of our Lord and be obedient to him. And when you are following him, continue in the word. Because if you don't continue in the word, that's when the devil comes in and then he brings this suggestion. He brings the other suggestion, you know, to see how he can take you away from him. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to the book of first Peter chapter 5. Praise the name of our Lord. 5 and then verse 6. The Bible says, "Be humble, humble yourselves before the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time. Casting all your care upon him, for he cares for you. He says, "Humble yourself." And you know, when you humble yourself before God, then he gives you grace to overcome Satan. That's how it works. Humble yourself and you humble, obey the word of God. Whatever the Lord says, Lord, I'm going to do. Lord, I'm going to do it. You are humbling yourself. And when you humble yourself, then the Lord gives you the grace. Praise the name of the Lord to overcome those stressions. He exalts you in in conditions, you know, in stress of temptation. He raises you up. He lifts you up. He gives you more grace. He gives you the victory over the conditions you're going through because you are relying on him. Then he says, "Cast all your cares upon him, your troules, all your weaknesses. Lord, the devil is after me. Lord, the devil is taking a hold of me. That care and he says he cares. Be sober. Be vigilant. [Music] Your adversary the devil as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour. The Bible says he walks about Praise the name of our Lord. You know like in the days of Job, God was asking Satan, where are you coming from? Said, I'm coming from up and down. We shouldn't be like Satan. Also, you're also walking up and down, up and down. Which program do you have this week? You're waiting for the wind to move you the other side. And now that we in the political season, you hear there is this here. You don't have life like that. You just wait for the day tomorrow. No, that's how Satan does running into this, running into this. We shouldn't be like that. You are meant to be busy with something. Praise the name of something keeping you busy in the course of the day. So the devil walks around like that. He comes here, then he goes there, then he goes there, then goes there. It shouldn't be like that. Then the Bible says, whom resist steadfast in faith, Knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren in the world says resist him steadfast and you resist him. You shall know the truth the truth shall make you free. It's by the word of God. Is this the devil? He tells you this, you say, "No, it is this." He says this, "No, it is this. Praise the name of God." So, you need to see that you stand firm on the word of God. James 4:6, the Bible says, "But he gives more grace. Wherefore he says, God resists the proud, but gives grace unto the humble. Then he says, "Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you." He says, "Submit yourself to God. You know, be obedient to God. Allow God to take charge over your life because God knows the end from the beginning challenges ahead of you. So you obey God and the word of God. And when you are obedient to the word of God, that's how you have the ability to resist the devil. And then he says when you resist Satan he will flee but when he flees takes another time. Then he comes walking around. Are you still refusing? Are you still staying with God? Oh God you left him. You know he says resist the devil then he will flee away from you. Draw nigh to God and they will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands you sinners and purify your hearts you double minded. Praise the name of our Lord says draw nigh to God. draw nigh to him in prayer and reading the word, obeying the word, testifying about the word, doing whatever the Lord wants you to do to draw near to him. Allow God to take charge over your life and then the devil, he will not have opportunity to enter you. Praise the name of our Lord. Satan entered Judas. And you know what happened to Judah? His end was not pleasant. We should not allow Satan to enter us. Praise the name of our Lord or to entice us or to convince us or to mislead us. Praise the name of our Lord. But we have got the power, the power of God that defeats Satan at any time, any place in any condition. Praise the name of God. Just take on the power of God, the Holy Spirit to live in your life and then you'll overcome whatever the devil does. Praise the name of our Lord. Just be encouraged that we have greater is in us. God that is in us is greater than the devil that's in the world. The devil is trying to come. Greater is he that is in us than the devil that's in the world. And so you stand firm strong even when others are falling. The Bible says that 10,000 will fall this side. And then 1,000 decide that my confession is I will still stand. Praise the name of the Lord. How many are standing with the Lord? Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand on the promises of God. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let us sing that song. Standing on the promises of God. Praise the name of our Lord. turning on the word of God and the devil will flee away. Praise the name of the Lord. Hope you've got it. Standing on the promises of Christ thy king. through eternal ages. Let his praises ring. Over in the highest I will shout and sing, standing on the promises of God. I am standing. [Applause] I'm standing standing on the promises of God my savior standing standing. I am standing on the promises of God. Oh, &gt;&gt; standing on the promises of God. [Music] living [Music] while standing on the promises of God. Hallelujah. Standing. We're standing. Standing on the promises of Christ my savior. Standing standing. [Music] I am standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing on the promises I now can see just perfect presence cleansing in the blood for me. Oh, standing in the liberty where Christ made free. Standing on the promises of God. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my Christ my savior. Standing standing. [Music] I am standing on my promises. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh go standing on the proes of my standing. [Music] I am standing in the proes of God. [Music] is all the processes I me standing on the promises. Hallelujah. Standing on the prom. I see always standing on the promises of God. Oh Jesus is my savior. I shall not be able be in love and favor. I shall not be just like a dream that has planted by the water as I shall not be. I shall not be more. I know they shall be and I shall not be just like I was planted by the word. I shall not be I shall not be I shall not be more. [Music] I shall not be just like planted by God. I shall not be on his word I'm feing. I shall not be. I know he's the one. I shall obey just like a tree as planted by now as I shall not glory glory hallelu. I shall not be more Jehovah. And I shall not be just like I shall not be in his love of my king. I shall not be more than him who find me. I shall not be just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be all he has me. I shall not be Jesus will not fail me. I shall not feel just like planted by the world. I shall not be the deepest. I shall not be more on the rock of aes. I shall not feel just like granted by the I shall not be shall not be. I shall not be more. I shall not be I shall not be just like a tree as granted by now. I shall not be seen. [Music] is Mercy [Music] be single sing my city. [Music] You see, [Music] [Music] [Music] Will you take your time I talk to Jesus this moment. Precious father, we thank you Lord for this wonderful day. We know that this is a day that you made for us. Father, we thank you Jesus for passing on our way. Heavenly Master for speaking us. Loving Jesus, we see how the devil, how Satan entered into Judas. Loving Jesus, we see how different how those evil spirits enter in different people and anoint them do evil things. Father, loving Jesus, we pray for your grace in abundance. Heavenly Father, your mercy that endures forever and ever that loving Jesus your hand of protection always to be upon us. Heavenly Father, the grace of Jesus always seeing us through and giving us a breakthrough in whatever thing we do that heavenly father when the devil try to take that father loving Jesus always stand by our side Lord you should always stand by us heavenly father guiding us oh Jesus in this Christian walk hold our hands father guide us loving Jesus we know that on our own we cannot God make it Jesus. There's no way how we can resist you father but by the grace of God the grace of God and your power heavenly father that lives in us by that we can stand against anyone as we sing this morning. Oh Lord and when we stand in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ who can stand against us no one not even an evil beloved father because we know that in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ we are more than conquerors in Jesus's name all we pray heavenly father that our lives our problems Lord our future problem father we lay them before you Jesus and pray for your mercy name. We pray for your love, loving Jesus, your leadership, your anointing, your guidance, the protection that you should always stand with us, heavenly father. Lead us Jesus that we should not fall into temptation, Lord, but always standing by the grace of God. Get a hold of thy word, Father. Trusting in you, Jesus. Always standing on the promises of our precious savior. We thank you Jesus for this day heavenly father. We thank you for speaking us heavenly master. We glorify your name father. We bless your name Jesus. And we also pray heaven father and loving father our weaknesses lord. We let them before you father. We are laying down all the b father all the ways and the feet of Jesus. You care about us heaven father. Loving Jesus, we thank you for this gathering. Thanking you for your great father. We bless your name. We bless you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Bless the Lord, [Music] oh my soul, and all might be in me. Bless. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm told that there is a a neighbor of brothers who want to accept the Lord Jesus as their savior. [Music] We need to keep on witnessing. Praise the name of our Lord. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Just need a mic. Yes. Amen. Praise God church. My name &gt;&gt; and I'm a neighbor to this to this lady. I've been praying from cathedral up there but I've never confessed. This time around, I'm being persecuted by the devil to follow God, my friends, because I'm going through a very hard time. It is so hard and I need your prayers. Continue praying for me. because the enemy Satan attacked me this year around May and from then I have no peace and even I've taken long not working because of having no peace and this time I've come to confess because I'm tired of being but from today onwards I deny him. [Applause] [Music] I don't want to go back. I want to continue serving Jesus. May the Lord bless you. Amen. [Music] [Music] I am. Yes. Crystal. Crystal. [Music] [Music] Amen. Let us pray for her. Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ you as our personal savior father in your word whoever comes unto you likewise not turn them away she has come heavenly father in the name of Jesus bind all forces of Satan her life her darkness goes away in her family completely make her whole wickedness and Lord your life may be in her heavenly father with your holy spirit wash her from all uncleanness Lord give her good health father back to her place of watch over her life father her heart's desire you have promised Lord we thank you father name of Jesus to grant us amen Amen. [Music] Yes. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Music] Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Music] [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] [Music] God bless you so much. [Music] I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. [Music] I have decided to follow Jesus. Not turning back. Not turning back. Thou go before me. The world behind me. The go before me. The world behind me. The go before me. The world behind me. No turning back. Oh, turning back. I request brother Wilson to give us a closing prayer. &gt;&gt; Amen. Precious heavenly father, in the name of Jesus, we are so grateful Lord for the grace that Lord you've given unto us father today. Lord in the worship father Lord God in the teaching of thy word. Precious Lord, we pray that Father your grace and your glory father may help us Jehovah yield unto thee father and lord God resist the devil of no that might flee heavenly father and may lord continue filling us with the holy spirit heavenly father that lord we may constantly walk in your presence father oh god may continue supporting us in your glory father in moments lord when we need you so most father and precious heavenly father lord god even for the preacher who has given us lord the word today we pray that we may bless his life all glory. May he bless father his heart of father lord may bless him lord with good health. may bless his family heavenly father that Lord may lord to serve more glory in the kingdom of the lord and precious father lord for everyone that has come to the heavenly father I pray for them lord god bless each one of us even as we go back home heavenly father may the angel of the lord go with us heavenly father for lord it's written in thy word that the foot of the righteous are ordered of the lord may you order our feet lord as we go back to our places of abboard that precious lord we may gladly be able to come back lord of glory when the church doors are open lord Control to ponder about the word that every day, every day of our lives and father we may live lord a life that is worthy of the gospel. We shall return all the glory unto you in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord we pray and believe. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. youth, those who are still studying, don't forget to come back for the afternoon service starting from 3. Amen. Amen. So as we get outside, [Music] H. Yes.
