################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-04-01 - Holiness To God  Pastor Katumba James  04.01.2026 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-04-01
Title:    Holiness To God | Pastor Katumba James | 04.01.2026
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kN6mr6Yv3Y
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
are standing in his presence. Glory. So let us pray. Oh, let us pray Jesus. Now we are standing in his presence. We are standing in his presence. We are standing in his presence on holy ground. Amen. Stand up. on holy ground. And there are angels all around. around. Let us pray. Let us lift up our hands. Oh Jesus now. Jesus Christ. We are standing in his presence on holy ground. &gt;&gt; We are standing again on holy ground. Oh, we are suning on holy ground. home. And I know that there are angels all around. Oh, let us praise. Let us praise him. Jesus, now we are standing in his presence on holy ground. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let us h ourselves and pray. Father, how we are thankful, aren't you, Lord Jesus, that you've grown us into a holy ground. A place dedicated, Father, for your services, Lord. And when a place is dedicated, you always honor it, Father. And we believe you are here, Lord Jesus Christ. We pray that, Father, you hear all our prayers. You may accept our worship, Lord. that you may bless our hearts heavenly father and you may again come and speak to us father the things of eternal life. We dedicate ourselves for the service that you may come and have preeminence upon it father that your will and purpose may be done. We lift all the needs of the children of God into your hands. We know everyone their hearts desire. We therefore pray that father you may answer every need and bless us together Lord. Help us together to know in the power of your resurrection seeing that we're living in the day of your coming. Help every one of us father to be ready for the rapture. We love you Lord and we thank you in the name of the Lord Jesus. We pray and ask this. Amen. Let us turn to our Bibles. Praise the name of the Lord. We go to the book of Exodus, chapter 28. We're reading from verse 36. Up to verse 38. The Bible says, &gt;&gt; "And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold and grave upon it like the engravings of a signate holiness to the Lord." And though shall put it on a blues that it may be upon the miter, upon the forefront of the miter, it shall be And it shall be upon Aaron's forehead that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the holy things which the children of Israel shall hallow in all their holy gifts and it shall be always upon his forehead that they may be accepted before the Lord. May God blessing of his word. You may be seated. So I want to preach on the subject holiness to God. Praise the name of our Lord. Holiness to God. like we've just sung that song that we are standing on a holy ground. Praise the name of our Lord. And now you see that Moses when he was raring the the flock of his father-in-law and then he was in on the Mount Sai and then when he you know one thing Moses was doing he would always pass that place going with the sheep all the animals whatever ever heard and then he would pass that place every other day for about 40 years. But then it so happens that one day God comes to the mountain in Exodus 3:1. It says, "Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro, his father-in-law, the priest of Midian, and he led the flock to the backside of the desert and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of the bush. And he looked, and behold, the bush burn with fire, and the bush was not consumed. And Moses said, "I will now turn aside and see this great sight. Why the bush is not burnt? And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush and said, "Moses, Moses." And he said, "Here am I. And he said, "Grow not nigh hither. Put off thy shoes from off thy feet. For the place where on thou standest is holy ground. Praise the name of our Lord." In other words, the place you are standing in has been dedicated to the Lord. And then he said it is a holy ground. Praise the name of our Lord. And now what made the place holy? Moses would pass there every other day. But then this time when the presence of God comes in a place, it made the place holy. Praise the name of our Lord. So once the presence of God comes down, it makes that place holy. That's why it became a holy ground. Now in the message here you him brother Brandham says he says Peter later called it the holy mount in one of his epistles I do not believe that St. Peter meant it was the it meant it was the m meant that it was the mountain that was holy. It ain't the holy mountain. It is the holy God on the mountain. Praise the name of God. Then he says it isn't a holy church. It is the holy all the holy people. It is the Holy Spirit in the church and in the people that makes them holy. Then he says it isn't the church that is holy nor are the people. It is the Holy Spirit that is in the church and that is what makes it holy. I'm glad of that God is the Holy Spirit and is the the one only that is holy and his presence brings his holy presence among us and changes our nature and makes us want to live like him. Praise the name of the Lord. We are talking about holiness to God. We are talking about holiness to God. Praise the name of the Lord. Now, brother Brandham is telling us. What makes a church holy is the presence of God in the church. What makes a person holy is the presence of God in that person. What made the mountain holy was the presence of God on that mountain? What made the ground Moses was standing on holy was the presence of God on that particular ground. And now we are living in such a time that God desires each and every one of us to be holy. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what the Lord desires every one of us. He wants us to be holy. But you can never be holy on your own. You cannot do anything of your own to BE HOLY. THE ONLY WAY YOU can be holy is by allowing God who is holy to come into your life. AND WHEN GOD THAT IS HOLY, when he comes in your life, he makes you holy. Praise the name of God. And so that's what brother Brandham is saying. When the presence of God comes in us, then it changes our nature because we are born in sin and shaped in iniquity. You had no choice about your first birth, but then you HAVE A CHOICE ABOUT YOUR second birth to be like the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. NOW GOD chose Israel. and he called them. I have called you that you can be a holy nation in Exodus chapter 19. And then verse five, &gt;&gt; he says, "Now therefore, if you'll obey my voice indeed and keep my commandments, then you shall be a partial treasure unto me above all the people, for all the earth is mine. And you shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, a holy nation. These are the words which you shall speak unto the children of Israel. So it is God that chose Israel. He said, "I've revealed myself to you. I have separated you from Egypt where you were worshiping idols, where you're doing all kind of abomination. I'm separating you to myself. And as I separate my you to myself, then I'm giving you my commandments. I'm telling you about my covenant. IF YOU'LL OBEY MY voice and you keep my commandments, you keep my covenant. Then you shall be a patient treasure ABOVE ALL THE PEOPLE. Praise the name of God. AND WHAT A PRIVILEGE THAT WE HAVE NOW THAT GOD HAS CALLED US OUT OF denomination and he has separated us to himself. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. He has revealed himself to you and the incense why God has called you that you can be his own. Praise the name of THE LORD. THE WAY HE CHOSE ISRAEL and said to make you a puli people to make you a kingdom of priests TO MAKE YOU A HOLY NATION. NOW YOU NOTICE that Israel he gave them the commandment but now for us because for them they were taken into law and God tells them if you will obey my voice. But now we are living in A TIME WHERE THE BIBLE TELLS US IN JOHN CHAPTER ONE and then in verse 12 THAT AS MANY as received him to them he gave them power to become the children of God. And then the Bible says he we have received of him grace for grace, truth for truth. We are living in a time where it is the LORD HIMSELF WORKING out his holiness in our lives. In the Old Testament, IT WAS ABOUT OBEDIENCE. THAT WAS THEIR SEPARATION. BUT NOW IN THE NEW TESTAMENT, SALVATION IS OF the Lord. SO THEN WHAT YOU have to DO AS AN INDIVIDUAL, LORD, I'M HERE. LORD, I accept it to be my personal life. PRAISE THE NAME of our LORD IS YOU ALLOW GOD TO TAKE CHARGE OVER your life. As many as received him then gave you the power. He gave you He gives you the ability to overcome sin. IN THE OLD TESTAMENT, IT WAS THEIR STRUGGLES. IT WAS THEIR WORKS. It was all the TIME A STRUGGLE, A LABOR. But now in the New Testament, IT'S THE GRACE OF GOD THAT CALLS US AND SAY, "COME AND WALK." Praise the name of our Lord. When they looked at the prostitute, when the prostitute was washing the feet of Jesus, said, "This woman is not one." Jesus told her, "Praise the name of the Lord, YOUR SINS ARE FORGIVEN." WHEN THEY GOT THE WOMAN IN ADULTERY AND BROUGHT HER TO THE TEMPLE AND THEY WANTED TO STONE HER ACCORDING TO THE LAW, Jesus told them, "I DON'T CONDEMN YOU." BUT THEN JESUS TOLD THIS WOMAN, "Walk in the light." And that's what we need to walk in the light if we are going to be holy before the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. AND THE JOURNEY HE HAS CALLED US to do The journey we are called to walk with you. IT'S NOT OUR ABILITY. IT'S all about our willingness. You desire. Praise the name of the Lord. Just be obedient. Yield yourself and then you see THE MORE OF GOD COMING DOWN IN YOUR LIFE. Praise the name of the Lord. It's not by your power. It's not by your might. BUT BY THE SPIRIT OF GOD. Praise the name of our Lord. SO HE TOLD ISRAEL, "IF YOU'LL OBEY MY VOICE AND KEEP MY COVENANT, you shall be a kingdom of priest and a holy nation." Now we see that when Israel was called as A HOLY NATION, THE BIBLE says to them in Romans chapter 9 verse4, He says, "Who are the Israelites? To whom pertainth the adoption and the glory and the covenants and the giving of the law and the services of God and the promises." Romans 9:4. Praise the name of the Lord. So he says as a holy nation, adoption of God belongs to them. The glory of God BELONGS TO THEM. THE COVENANTS of God belong to them. The law belongs to them. The service of God belongs to them. and the promises of God did not. They were separated. He called them out of Egypt and then he made them his children. And then in Deuteronomy chapter 14 and then verse 1 to verse three, the Bible says, "You are the children of the Lord your God. You shall not cut yourselves nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead. For thou art a holy people unto the Lord thy God, and the Lord has chosen you to be a peculiar people unto himself above all nations that are upon the earth, you shall not eat any abominable thing. Now he called them out and God started expressing himself. He started revealing to them his will. There's a scripture where God was telling Moses, I WILL NOT come in the midst of these people. BECAUSE IF I COME IN THEIR MIDST, I will destroy most of them because they are stiff necked people. They are rebarious. So he said, I'll be away from them. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, so he was telling the children of Israel how to behave themselves, how to conduct themselves, how to dress, and even what to eat and even what not to eat. He was showing them that I don't want you to defile yourself in any kind of way. I don't want to defile yourself so that you become disliked before me. Praise the name of Lord. So there is a particular walk that THE LORD ALSO WANTS US TO WALK. There is a particular conduct that the Lord wants us to conduct us at your home. There is the way God wants you to do things at your place of work. This is the way God wants you to do things. Anywhere you go, there is a way that is pleasing to him which he desires us to be living in. Praise the name of our Lord. And this is what the word brings out, when you read in the book of Ephesians, for example, when you read in the book of Colossians, they show you different kind of things. AND THEN PAUL was telling them in some of these scriptures if we can pick them up in Ephesians chapter 4 verse 19. &gt;&gt; And then he says, "Who being past feeling have given themselves over unto lasciviousness to work all and cleanness with greatness. But you have not learned so of Christ. Now he's saying the world they do everything they want to do. THEY DON'T CARE WHAT they are doing. BUT NOW WHEN WE COME TO CHRIST, there is a particular walk that the Lord desires from us. So he says, "You have not learned of Christ. If so be you've heard him and have been taught by him, as the truth is in Jesus that you put off concerning the former conversation, the old man which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts. Praise the name of our Lord. I just got the book of first Peter chapter 3. Chapter one and then verse two. The Bible says, "Elect according to the forn knowledge of God the Father through sanctification of the Spirit and to obedience and sprinkling of the blood of Jesus Christ. Grace unto you and peace be multiplied. Blessed be the God and the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant mercy has begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. Forever. So he says he has begotten us and he has begotten us to a lively hope and to be begotten. We have been born again like we were talking last Sunday. We are not of this world. Our citizenship is in heaven. And if our citizenship is in heaven, then we have been born from heaven. Here I can say we are Ugandans because you were born here. Even when you do a worse crime, they will not take you anywhere other than putting you in the prison. But if you do a worse crime and you're not from this country, they say, "Let us deport him." But you were born here. So now for you to get inheritance is because you were born here. You are recognized as a citizen. So even in heaven, we have to be born in heaven to say we are citizens of heaven. Praise the name of our Lord. AND THAT'S WHAT THE BIBLE IS TELLING US. OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST HAS BOUGHT us to a lively hope. OUR FIRST BIRTH, WE ARE BORN BY OUR fathers and mothers. But our SECOND BIRTH, WE ARE BORN BY the Lord from heaven. We are born by the spirit of God. Now when you are BORN BY THE SPIRIT OF GOD, YOU BECOME HOLY. because the spirit dwells in you. SO THEN THE BIBLE says he HAS WE HAVE BEEN born and when we are BORN WE ARE BORN TO an inheritance which is not corruptible which is not defiled WHICH DOES NOT FADE away which is reserved in heaven first. So we are born to an inheritance which is incorruptible and undeiled and fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you. So we are pilgrims here. We are strangers here. Praise the name of our Lord. BUT WE HAVE BEEN BORN AGAIN. BORN OF THE SPIRIT OF GOD. WE ARE A HOLY PEOPLE. THAT'S HOW THE LORD HAS CALLED US TO BE. SO IF YOU ARE A HOLY PERSON, EVEN YOUR WALK SHOULD REFLECT that you are holy. Your dressing should reflect THAT YOU ARE HOLY. YOUR TALKING SHOULD REFLECT THAT YOU ARE HOLY. Praise the name of like when you got some of these people who are lifting electricity poles. I don't know their motivation but they think by saying obscene words doesn't able to lift the p. But you are different from that or when you go to garages some of those places and then maybe a young woman is passing there talk of sin things but you you are different. Praise the name of the Lord. YOU ARE DIFFERENT FROM THE REST OF THE WORLD. WHY? You are holy before the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. So he SAYS HE HAS RESERVED us an inheritance that does not fade away. That is not corruptible. And then now in our walk, the Bible says in verse five, we are KEPT BY THE POWER OF GOD. THROUGH FAITH. Praise the name of God. So when HE CALLS YOU, HE himself gives you the ability to walk before him and be holy. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what the Lord does. He just desires our willingness. When he says come TO CHURCH, IT'S FOR OUR GOODNESS TO COME TO CHURCH. Praise the name of our Lord. When he says we have a midweek service, it's for our good to have a midweek service. Monday, the devil is all the time. Tuesday the devil is so much Wednesday he puts there a fueling station to refresh you to encourage you THE BIBLE SAYS DON'T AVOID assembling together so on Sunday YOU'VE LEFT CHURCH BUT BY THE TIME WEDNESDAY COMES maybe the devil's held you spoiled you. He has spoiled your thoughts. And then when you COME TO CHURCH, YOU COME TO BATHE. You come to be sanctified. Lord, make me clean. Lord, made me holy. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he helps you in this. He helps you in this. You live on Wednesday evening BETTER THAN YOU. YOU ABLE TO GO THROUGH THURSDAY, SATURDAY, come back again on Sunday. SO WHAT THE DEVIL does is to make you too busy. When I say we come here for only one or two hours, I don't have time for the Lord. We come here for just the morning most times, but he gives you business on Sunday morning. That's the time you want first wash your clothes. That's the time you want to check on the other thing. That's the time you want to catch up with the other thing. By the time you come to church, you are exhausted. At 11 or midday, you're exhausted. How are you going to be sanctified when you're not receiving the elements of sanctification? You know, our sanctification is continuous until we leave the earth because every day we pick up things which are not right. Sometimes an evil imagination, sometimes an evil word you spoke. Sometimes you've done something wrong. Sometimes you know even the things you've refused to do but he puts places to help us in the journey. Praise the name of our Lord. So now he says he keeps us by his power. Praise the name of our Lord. You know in the denomination they say the big powerful man of God has come. The man with power. Now to them they think power is waving the hand and people fall down. &gt;&gt; He's powerful. But now this man they saying is having power. He'll find is the man who is falling at a small temptation. Now where is that power? But the Bible is telling us God keeps us by his power. It's the power of God that has kept us that you are still confessing Christ as your person. It's the power of God that has brought us here this morning. It's the power of God THAT MAKES YOU AVOID bad things. It's the power of God that makes you repent when you do wrong. It's the power of God that keeps you going. It's the power of God. WHEN YOU FALL DOWN, YOU ARE ABLE TO RISE UP. NOT your ability is the power of God. That's what the Bible is TELLING US. AS MANY as received him. He gave them the power to be children of God. something inside of you that draws you into the presence of God. Something inside of you THAT DESIRES. LORD, I WANT TO be in your presence. LORD, I WANT TO BE IN CHURCH THIS MORNING. LORD, I WANT TO READ my message. LORD, I WANT TO PRAY UNTO YOU. IT'S THE POWER OF GOD THAT KEEPS WORKING in your life to bring you into his presence. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know brother Brandham says angelic beings they associate together. SO IF YOU HAVE THE SPIRIT OF GOD IN YOU are bound to bring the angels of God back. Praise the name of our life we want to live by Christ is always welcome in our heart. Christ is always welcome in your heart. Christ is always welcome at your place of praise the name of our Lord. He keeps us by his power. Praise the name of our Lord. So let us go back to Ephesians chapter 4 and then verse 23. The Bible says, "And be renewed in the spirit of your mind." So it is the Holy Spirit that renews us. WHEN THE HOLY GHOST COMES IN YOUR LIFE, HE CHANGES YOUR THINKING. HE CHANGES your desires. He changes your passions. He gives you a holy man in thirst. Praise the name of God. LIKE DAVID, HE HAD A HOLY MAN. I was HAPPY WHEN THEY SAID unto me, let us go into THE HOUSE. A HOLY man is s BUT A DRUNKARD is s come to evening time you know in Kenya they have a lawyer don't drink during day time refuses people to drink during day &gt;&gt; and then there was somebody who was proposing it here but no things are not going through. So now like a drunkard, he has a thirst for alcohol. So when he go through catch road there, the upper side, you know, you get many bars one after another one. I think he can say today I'll be here, I'll be there, one will be there. say let me be on maybe I'll be on bell then maybe I'll be on prisoner &gt;&gt; say ah &gt;&gt; because that's what they are given in but when you are born of Christ when you are a new creation you not have those desires praise the name of our lord brother Brandham says in this message. Thirsting for God. Praise the name of our Lord. Let me pick it up. Thirsting for life. He said, "But what makes a man do it in the first place is because when God made a man, he created him. Thus, he made a man to thirst. There is a little place in the heart that nothing will fill it but God. And man is thirsting for something. And that real thirst is for God. And nobody has got a right to try to quench that holy thirst with giving it to the devil for the things of the world. You've got no right trying to hide that thirst by joining church. God is the only thing that will fill that up. The Holy Spirit is the only thing that can satisfy that thirst. Jesus said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness." And it is God trying to get the human heart And the devil tries to quench that by letting him drink themselves to death or run themselves to death or do something else. But God created man to have that holy thirst. And if you won't take God, then you'll have to take something else appeasing to that calling. That's what makes man that way. God made him to be a king. And God wants to set your heart to sit on your heart throne. You have, you've got no right to let the devil put the things of his making. You got no right. Let me say this. There's nothing that will satisfy but God. You can do what you want to do. drink yourself to crazy, but you'll never be satisfied until Christ takes his place in your heart. And that's what we are here to do. Christ come and take your place in my heart. Praise the name of the Lord. Fulfilling the thirst. Praise the name OF THE LORD. GOD PUTS A DESIRE IN YOUR heart and then you just long for God. I need more of you, Lord. I need more of you, Lord. And that should be our desire is that every time we come into the presence of God, Lord, I'm in expectations. Every day, God gives us to be alive. Lord, I desire to see your mercies in my life. I desire to see your goodness IN MY LIFE. EVERY DAY THAT YOU LIVE, you just leave it in expectations. Praise the name of Lord and seeking every day to do the things that are pleasing to God. Praise the name of our Lord. AND THAT'S THE DESIRE OF God that he can come down in our LIVES AND TAKE CHARGE OVER our lives because God made the heart of man to be his throne. in the name of God to be enthrone. You know where he can come and positionally sit and he's so happy that he's welcome. And when God is in your heart, you'll not get your fault, go in hiding pornography. You will not do that. What is inside here? doesn't it this that praise the name of our Lord WHEN GOD IS INSIDE of you do not put your earphones and put the phone in your pocket and hear secular music all wicked music is running through your mind DO THAT IS inside of you those things become detestable they are filthy They are wicked. They smell bad. Praise the name of Allah. You know how do you really a normal person, how do you get a good meal and then you go in the toilet and start eating from? There's something wrong. How do you get something sweet and go to the rubbish pits and that's where you want to live? Those are the people living in sin all the time night life and you know they sing for them the life of this world is enjoyable at night then on their in their heart the devil is there let us drink our wine because in heaven there is no wine &gt;&gt; but you can't get there with that mentality you know, they have things they they they kind of appease themselves and then he gets a song, he dances himself into that song, one needs to be born again. Praise the name of our Lord. When Christ come into your heart, he will change your nature. He will change your appetite. If you are the kind of person when you hear somebody has talked against you and you want to go attack them immediately when Christ is there when Christ is in your house it will be different I forgive him praise the name of maybe you are in the neighborhood you know in the neighborhood this one is in this The other one is in the other. And now we've been in Christmas. &gt;&gt; Everybody was wondering what is this one going to eat? His husband uh her husband bought her a dress. Now if you're Christian in those places, what are you going to do when everything has not been good? Are you going to complain? &gt;&gt; And sometimes God permits to be in those places to check your character. Praise the name of our Lord. He allows you to be criticized to find out how are you going to react. Praise the name of our Lord. But when God is in your heart, he takes charge over all those strations. Now in the message, the unity of one God in the one church, it says, you see that little that little part compartment in a man's heart, God made that in there for himself. That is his control room. He sits there to control you. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the desire of God. I want to be inside of your heart. Praise the name of the Lord. So if you find that God is not in your heart, will you accept him today? Lord, I invite you to come in my heart. You created that part in me. You created that part in me for yourself. I'm rejecting Satan. I'm rejecting the things of the world. I'm rejecting all evil. I'm inviting you to come in. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what the Lord wants us. So Denise says that is his control room. He sets there. to control you. Praise the name of the Lord. So you find your thoughts just like David said when we read in Psalms 19. Praise the name of our Lord. Psalms 19. I just want to pick it up and then verse let me get the verse. Psalms 19 and verse 14. He says, "Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight. Oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer." So when God has taken charge over your heart, your thoughts are right before God. Your words are right BEFORE GOD. SO HE wants to be a control tower. He wants to control. That is his control room. He sets there to control you. That is his place. That's where he sends his messages from to the control room. How can he work with you when the nature of the spirit of the devil is in there? And every man born on earth is born in sin shaped in iniquity come to the world speaking lies that is right. So in thatademic nature of how can a man achieve anything only by through his intellectuals. But when he comes to be a new creature and the old man has passed out and the new man, Christ takes his throne in the human heart, then life looks different. Then he starts on a new road from his own selfish motive till the big ideas to make himself something big. He starts right towards Calvary recognize God. Then his all his objective, all his motive, his achievement and all that he is, he lays in the glory of the cross where Christ paid the price for human life. Praise the name of our Lord. And he says Christ is our life. Praise the name of our Lord. That's holiness. Praise the name of our Lord WHERE CHRIST HIMSELF HAS TAKEN charge over your life. No longer I that liveth but the Christ that liveth. And that should always be our desire. THE DAY YOU WAKE UP IN THE MORNING, LORD, I COMMIT MY DAY into your heart. Lord, I commit my work into your heart. Lord, I commit my family into your heart. Lord, I commit my friends into your heart. WE WANT GOD TO TAKE CHARGE over everything. Praise the name of our in the message the queen of the south. He says when God made a human heart, he made a little place in there for himself. He made you so you would thirst. Not thirst for that. but thirst for him. How dare a man or a woman or a citizen of any country to try to thirst to quench that holy thirst with the things of the world. That's the reason they do it because you don't need another drink. You don't need an cigarette. You smokers, you don't need another drink. You people who drink, you don't need another party. You need what you need is God to thirst for that righteousness. God made that place made you to thirst. That is part of you. He made that little place in your heart. to thrown himself and to satisfy your thirst. Praise the name of the Lord. That's what the Lord was telling Israel. Praise the name of the Lord. You know, accept my word. God told Abraham, "Walk before me and then be perfect." Praise the name of our Lord. So, holiness to God. It is God's own holiness, not our holiness. But we have to allow him to come in our lives and then he gives us his holiness. Praise the name of our Lord in the message Israel and the church. He says &gt;&gt; now I will. When God says he will do anything, you can look for it to be done. When man says he will do anything, I don't know how about that. BUT GOD told Abraham, I will save you and your seed after you. Not only Abraham but all Abraham's seed unconditionally se if you'll excuse me. Then he says maybe some of you have never thought deep enough to get into it. God has always glorified his church. Those who justify He has also glorified in the church in Christ. If you are sanctified in Christ, you are glorified in Christ already as far as God is already concerned. Jesus said, be therefore perfect. Even as your father in heaven is perfect, how can you ever be perfect? But in the sight of Christ tonight, Every born again Christian is perfect. I'm just as perfect in God as Christ was. You are too. Every other believer. So it's not my holiness. It is his holiness. God cannot accept mine. I have none. But I come in Christ by faith and by Christ I'm in him and perfect in the sight of God. So what holiness is God desiring of us. God desires his own holiness. How do you have his holiness? Allow him to come into your heart. Allow him to govern your thinking. Allow him to govern your talking. Allow him to govern your conduct. And as you allow him, you will display the holiness of God. The way he told Aaron, put on your forehead and engrave on it. Holiness to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Now it is just not an outside thing but it's something from inside. Praise the name of our holiness of God working from the inside of us AND THEN BEING MANIFESTED OUTSIDE. Praise the name of our Lord. THAT'S WHAT THE LORD DESIRES OF US. Every day you live as holiness to the Lord. When the high priest would walk in the TEMPLE AND THE BELLS were ringing, everything had to be acceptable before them. His garment was holy. Praise the NAME OF GOD. EVERYTHING ABOUT HIM WAS ACCEPTABLE AND THAT WOULD BE a walk of a true Christian. Your talk is acceptable before the Lord. Your talking is accept before the LORD JESUS CHRIST. YOUR CONVERSATION, praise the name of the Lord, is actually before THE LORD JESUS CHRIST. YOUR conduct is actually before the Lord Jesus Christ. How can it be acceptable when he's not inside, you will be actually an imitator, BUT ALLOW CHRIST TO COME ON the inside and live his own life. Praise the name of our Lord. SO WHEN HE SAYS HOLY, HOLY, praise the name of like when Isaiah had that vision in Isaiah chapter 6, he was shielded by. But now when he had a vision, a personal revelation and he saw in the presence of God in front of him flying holy, holy, holy. And the BIBLE SAYS WITH TWO WINGS they covered their face with two wings. They were flying with two wings. They were covering their face. Praise the name of our Lord. And they were proclaiming You are holy. Lord, you are holy. And God accept their confession because they were also holy. Praise the name of OUR LORD. THEY RECOGNIZED God and they gave him reverence by covering their face. THEY WERE HUMBLE BEFORE him by covering their feet and then they were serving him by swinging their wings. Let night and night that should be our walk every day. The Bible says do not be wearing good doing at your place of work. Do not be wearing welloing. at your home. Don't be tired of doing well. Why? God desires a pleasant walk, a holy life, a life that is yielded to him, a life that is consecrated to him. Praise the name of our Lord. SO WHEN ISAIAH SAW THAT VISION, he came back to himself said my lips at that you are a pressari. when this one happen is there is today should I tell you &gt;&gt; said ah I'm a man of that and then the angel the saraphim &gt;&gt; you know god wants us to confess Lord this is my weakness come and clean me praise the name of our lord then the seraphim came and washed him and when he heard the voice he was confident and SAID, "LORD, HERE I AM. Send me." Praise the name of our Lord. That the word of the Lord will come out of him. Praise the name of our Lord. So God has chosen us also to be a holy people. Praise the name of our Lord. He has chosen us to be his own. And then the Bible says in 1 Corinthians chapter 3:E1 16 the scripture says know ye not that you are the temple of God and the spirit of God dwells in you. If any man defile the temple of God him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy which temple you are. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says, right now if we have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, we are the temple of God. Let us match this with 1 Corinthians chapter 6. And then verse 19, &gt;&gt; he says, "What know ye not that you are the body that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which you have of God, and you are not your own, for you are bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which our God is. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says &gt;&gt; we are the temple of God and the spirit of God dwells in us and the temple of God is holy. So you are the dwelling place of God. God has called every one of us to be holy. BUT HOW CAN I be holy? Not on my own, but allowing the spirit of God TO COME AND TAKE CHARGE OVER ME. Then I become holy. Praise the name of the Lord. That's the desire of God that we can be his dwelling place. You can be the temple of God. When they had in the tabernacle in the Old Testament, they had the three apartments. There was the outer court, the middle court, and then the most in. And then the Bible says that there was the holy place. And the holy place was the middle place. But then there WAS THE MOST HOLY PLACE. And now in THE MOST HOLY PLACE, THAT'S WHERE THEY HAD THE ark of the covenant. That's where they had the master seat. And that's where God told Moses from within, I will come and commune with you. Praise the name of our Lord. That's where there was the shakina glory. And now we see that ON THE DAY OF PENTECOST, THAT SAME shakina glory came down. Praise the name of the Lord as the pillar of fire and it filled the place where they were in. And then it filled every one of them. He filled each of their hearts. So the heart of man filled with the Holy Spirit becomes the most holy place. Praise the name of our Lord. And so when he's in the MOST HOLY PLACE, THE BIBLE SAYS WHEN HE, THE SPIRIT OF TRUTH IS COME, HE WILL guide you. That's what the Bible says. SO NOW WHEN GOD IS IN YOUR HEART, it is ceases to be your thinking. You get the mind of God. Praise the name of our Lord. You know your thoughts are the thoughts of God. Praise the name of our Lord. So the spirit reminds you, the spirit guides you, the spirit teaches you. Praise the name of the Lord. These are not hard things. Now it's just to yield YOURSELF AND SAY, "LORD, COME DOWN IN MY HEART. COME AND TAKE CHARGE over my life so that he can lead your your walk. He can guide your speech. Christ himself living in us. Christ himself the hope of glory. Praise the name of the Lord. You need to desire more of God. Lord, I need more of you in my life. Praise the name of the Lord. You know, God was asking the children OF ISRAEL, WHAT HAVE I DONE to you that you don't like me? Praise the name of the Lord. But when you come IN THE PRESENCE OF GOD, YOU COME, LORD, I NEED MORE of you in my life. Let him fill you. Let him refill you. Let him satisfy you. Praise the name of our Lord that he can take charge over your life. So he says we are the temple of God. So the Bible says that even our body, let the body glorify the Lord. HOW WILL MY BODY GLORIFY THE LORD? BY taking my body to the right place. Praise the name of the Lord. I will NOT TAKE MY BODY TO A PLACE WHICH is wrong. Praise the name of the Lord. I'LL NOT TAKE MY BODY TO THE DISCO. I take my body, you know, to places which are filthy. I'll not take my body to gambling places. I'll take my body right places. I will dress my body right. I WILL NOT DRESS MY BODY FOR MEN to last after me. But to SHOW HOW MY FIGURE IS, I'm not going to dress my body like that. You want your body to glorify God. When they look at you, praise the name of the Lord. You are decently dressed and men will give you respect. Praise the name of our Lord. not lusting after you to use you and dump you but to give you respect. Oh mama mama, &gt;&gt; praise the name of our Lord. You know you respect your body. I will GIVE I WILL GLORIFY MY BODY. Let my body glorify God by the words that come out of my mouth. By the words that come out of my mouth. I'm not going to curse. I'm not going to be abusive. I'm not going to shout at one another. My body is glorifying the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the walk the Lord wants us to do. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know the Bible says don't be equally joined. Let us go to 2 Corinthians chapter 7. Rather 2 Corinthians chapter 6 and then verse 14 the Bible says be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers. Now when you get yolked with unbelievers they will influence you into doing things which are not right. So they defile you. They make you kind of you know unholy. You are going to think the way they are doing. You are going to behave the way they are behaving. But he's calling us to a separated walk. Then he says what fellowship has righteousness with unrighteousness? What communion has light with darkness? What conquered has Christ with burial? Or what part has he that believeth with an infidel? And what agreement has the temple of God with idols? You are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell in them and walk in them. I will be their God. You shall be my people. Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, says God, and touch not the unclean thing, and I will receive you, and I'll be unto you a father. You shall be my sons and daughters, says the almighty God. Praise the name of our Lord. a separate life. In Nazarite life, you know, a Nazarite life, one had to separate themselves. And when you receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you become a Nazarite to God. Praise the name of our Lord. You are separated. Your walk is different. Your talk is different. Your conduct is different. Your thinking is different. When somebody thinking about somebody who doesn't know, they think to exploit that person. But now for you, when you know somebody is ignorant, you're not going to exploit them, &gt;&gt; but you're going to help them. Praise the name of our Lord because you are different. You are not looking for advantage but you ARE LOOKING THAT GOD may be glorified. You know the Bible says let your light so shine before all men that when they see your good works, you glorify the Father which is in heaven. And that should be your walk desire. Lord, I want to live that kind of life. Praise the name of our Lord. A life that will bring glory to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in Jeremiah 2:3, &gt;&gt; the Bible says, &gt;&gt; "Israel was holiness unto the Lord, and the first fruit of his increase. All that devour him shall offend. Evil shall come upon him, says the Lord." Verse Jeremiah 2:3. Praise the name of the Lord. He says, "Israel was holiness to the Lord. Now we are the holiness unto the Lord." Praise the name of the Lord. So if you are holy to the Lord, praise the name of the Lord. You allow the Holy Spirit to have charge over your life. Praise the name of the Lord to guide you, to direct you. Praise the name of the Lord. That's what you are about because you are dedicated yourself. You are the temple. You are the habitation. God is seated on the heart. The throne of God is now in your heart. So your desire, what's the mind of God? What is the will of God? What can I do for the Lord? Praise the name of our should be our desire every day. Lord, you have given me this new day. I want to live the life of Jesus. Like the way the Lord has given us this new year, another year. Praise the name of our Lord, another opportunity. If there are things I failed last year, I pray Lord, give me grace that I may be acceptable before. that I may do everything that would be pleasing. A walk that is accepted. And the Bible says Enoch walked with God and Enoch pleased God and God took him and Enoch is the seventh from Adam. We are the seventh church age. We are in the church age, the lician church age of which the overcomers out of this year, they are also taken up in the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the promise that we have. I don't know when he's coming. The rapture may be today. But the question is, are you ready? Or you're saying, Lord, first wait. I have some errands to do. I want finish some projects. I want to do that kind of business. You know, there are some things you just think about before the Lord. But you say, "Lord, first I finish that. I want to finish that deal. I want to finish that project. I I want to marry a very beautiful woman before you come. Try to look around. She's not here. Oh, she's the other side. What will I do? So for you that delays the coming of the Lord, come first. Wait, Lord. That should not be so. But when John was told, "Behold, I come." John said, "Amen." Amen. Even so, come Lord Jesus. Praise the name of God. That's the life we should live. A life of readiness. If he comes this evening, I'll go with him. HE COMES IN THE MORNING, I'LL GO WITH HIM. If he comes IN THE AFTERNOON, I'LL GO WITH HIM. If he comes when I'm sleeping, I'll be taken. That's what the Bible says. Two will be in bed, one will be taken. Two will be at a milling maybe place preparing lunch. One will be taken. Two will be in the field. One will be taken. I want to be that one. I want to be ready. Praise the name of the Lord. Ready every time. Praise the name of our Lord. You know they see the world in it confusion. Praise the name of our Lord. They are just to talk about the current affairs. I think it was yesterday morning, the USA. They went and grabbed the president of Venezuela, got him in the night. He is now in USA. Now this is the world we are living in. and certain it everywhere. So you can't expect the world to bring peace. It's not there. And we see these things happening. We may say because they just want this because they want this. But these things as we get to the coming of the Lord, the world will become a worse place to live in worse. The situation itself when they they do something wrong, the other copies and words do the same thing or even worse than that. No more trust, no more anything. So we see we are living in a time I know brother Brham was teaching us that each of these ages there was an overlap. So you find that these go into another age and even the other age picks from this other age before stretches. Praise the name of our Lord. And we are living in a time where we see the suffering in the world. See all these developed countries, they don't want refugees in their countries. When this one says this, other says, another say, another say the whole world is coming a place that we just need to look for the coming of the Lord. So we need to be ready. Praise the name of our Lord. Don't wait for the time of the squeeze when maybe they say the church is closed because it doesn't belong to the religious council and then you start saying praise the name of know where you are right now before those times come and as long as the church is open why don't you be part of to the fellowship, participate in them. And as you keep on participating, the Lord keeps on revealing himself, encouraging you, strengthening you. Praise the name of our Lord. I just want to finish. Now in Luke 1:74 the Bible says that he would grant unto us that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear. Amen. Luke 174 Now he says, "God delivered us out of our enemies that we might serve him without fear in holiness and righteousness before him all the days of our life. So God deliver us from the powers of darkness that before him we can live in holiness. Praise the name of our Lord. Don't be afraid like we on Wednesday here talking about continued my temptation and then you know God can allow temptations to come to prove your confession. Yeah, he allows it to come. Are you going to stand with me or you're going to forsake me? He allows it to come and Peter that situation came and he denied him what we looked on last Sunday. But when Peter was converted, he wouldn't deny Christ. Christ was inside of him. And that should be our desire. Make sure he's inside. Make sure God himself is inside of you. And when God is inside of you, he will change the way you think. He will change the way you talk. He will change the way YOU CONDUCT. YOU'LL HAVE a walk, a walk of holiness, a walk of righteousness, not by yourself, but Christ that dwells in us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in 1 Thessalonians 4:1 the Bible says, "Furthermore, we beseech you, brethren, and exalt you by the Lord Jesus that as you have received of us how you ought to walk and to please God, so you would abound more and more." Verse one. For you know what commandments we gave you by the Lord Jesus. For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that should abstain from fornication. That every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor. Verse seven, God has not called us unto uncleaness. But unto holiness. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the walk God wants us to live. a holy walk, sanctified before him, acceptable before him. Praise the name of our Lord. Every day that you live at your place of work, at your home, with your friends, with your family, everywhere, let it be holiness unto God. Praise the name of your life, let it be holiness to God. Your talk, let it be holiness to God. Your work, let it be holiness to God. Everything we do, may God be pleased with what praise the name of God in the message why Christ speak. Then he says, one thing that the tabernacle needs up there at our church, at the tabernacle at Jefferson is a rededication and a refilling of the Holy Ghost. That's right. Everyone to get down to the altar and pray until they get a renewing of the Holy Ghost. the whole church to be filled with the power of God. That's what we need. Not only the tabernacle there, but the body of Christ universal it needs a refilling. If David said one day, restore to me the joy of my salvation. Now he had not lost his salvation but the joy of it and when it comes to a place that I cannot enjoy my religion my salvation there is something wrong somewhere because it is joy unspeakable and full of glory. One of them said, "Test and see the Lord is good. It tastes like honey in the rock." I'm so glad that I have tested that. The Lord is good. I love honey. But I never tested anything like that. The best that I know. Praise the name of our Lord. We just need to rededicate ourselves. Praise the name of our Lord. If you have been filled with the HOLY SPIRIT, SAY, "LORD, fill me again." If you have never been filled with the Holy Ghost, say, "Lord, I need your Holy Spirit so that we can live a life of holiness in the year that the Lord has given us." Praise the name of Lord. You need a rededication each and every one of us. You need a restoration. David said, "Restore unto me the joy of that salvation." Praise the name of our Lord honestly yourself desiring within you. Praise the name of God. Look at how much time you give God. Look in the whole day. How much time do you spend in prayer? The whole day. How much time do you spend listening to the word of God? The whole day. How much time do you spend reading the word of God? How much time do you spend talking about the Lord? All these things reflect. How close we are to God. Praise the name of. So we need to see every day God gives me opportunity to live. I want to live for him. Praise the name of I want to live holiness to God. My life that is dedicated. My heart is given to him. My spirit is given to him. My body is given to me. My family is given to me. Everything about me is given to him. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let us stand up and sing that song. Know you not. Know you not. You are the temple. As the song leader comes. Knowing not knowing not you are the temple. No, no, not you are the temple. No, not knowing you are the temple. You are the temple of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am that temple. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am that temple. Yeah.
