################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-30 - What House Will Thou Build Me?  Part 7 - Bro. Martin Mulumba - Martin Mulumba - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-30
Title:   What House Will Thou Build Me?  Part 7 - Bro. Martin Mulumba
Speaker: Martin Mulumba
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yq4P-XkvPY
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh. [Music] Oh. Oh. [Music] Amen. Let's stand this morning. You make your mercy new. You make your mercy new every day. You changed my life in so many ways. You cradled me in your sweet grace. And you fill me with yesterday forever more. That's one thing I know for sure. [Music] the morning to make your mercy new. Sing the chorus one more time. Are you thankful for his mercies today? Oh, you make your mercy new every day. You change my life. Lord, we thank you for that today. You cradle me with your sweet grace. And you hear me yesterday, today forever more. And that's one thing I know for sure. Fresh and morning, make your mercy Amen. Thankful for those mercies that are new every morning. Amen. Want to welcome you to the house of the Lord today. But most of all, we welcome him here in our midst today. Unto thee, oh Lord. Unto thee, O Lord. Let's sing the the the words from Psalms 24. Unto thee, O Lord. Let us lift up our soul. Unto thee, O Lord. Do I lift up my soul unto thee, oh Lord? Do I lift up my soul? Oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my enemy triumph me. Yay, let not they wait that way. All they be ashamed. Yay, let not that way. All they be ashamed, oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my enemy triumph over me. Show me thy ways. Show me thy ways and teach me thy path. Show me thy way and teach me thy path. at all my God I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my enemies triumph over me. Remember not remember not the sins of my youth. Remember not the sins of my youth. Oh my God, I trust in thee. Let me not be ashamed. Let not my eneies triumph me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Lord, this is our prayer to you today with your power. Oh, live inside the mirror. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. [Music] Oh, live inside me. Oh, hallelujah. You're the living water, the everflowing fashion. Counter counselor [Music] take complete control. Welcome Holy Spirit. Amen. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. live inside. Amen. Is that your prayer this morning? It's my prayer this morning. We welcome him. He comes where he's welcome to this morning. Amen. He's a good God. Can you say amen? Amen. Before we read our request today, I would like to sing a song. Healing is here. Healing is here. If you got a need today, the healer is here to touch your need today. If they'll pull the words up for that this morning. Amen. And if you'll turn Austin's mic up so he can sing with us on this as well, that'd be greatly appreciated. Healing is here. Do you have a need this morning? Hallelujah. [Music] Whatever your need is, place it at his hands because in his hands the miraculous can take hold. Healing is here. Let's sing it this morning. You got a need, reach out and touch him. is here. [Music] Healing is here. Healing is here. Hallelujah. And I receive it. Healing is here. Healing is here. Hallelujah. Healing is here. Oh, healing is here and I receive it. I reach my hands to you, Lord. I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. I reach my hands. I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my health comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Oh, Jesus is here. Jesus is here. I believe it. Jesus is here. But we receive and I receive receive him. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. We invite you Lord. Come and have honor today. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and I believe. And I believe it. I reach my hands. You got a need, lift your knee. Reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Freedom is here. Freedom is here. Freedom is here. [Music] Hallelujah. Freedom is here. Freedom is here [Music] and I receive it. Amen. Our prayer requests this morning. First, a note from Sister Carolyn Hunt. [Music] Thank you to my church family for your prayers during my recent surgery. I appreciate every card, every phone call, and every text message. I'm thankful for all that the Lord has done for me and for his faithfulness, blessings to you all. So, it's good to have her back today. God bless you this morning. Amen. Our needs this morning that we'd like to present to you. Want to remember brother Ron and Sister Sandy as they're in South Carolina. Be coming home tomorrow for traveling mercies for them. Brother Steven McNeely as he travels home from Australia. Ask for traveling mercies. We have a lot of saints that are traveling. Let's remember them. Brother Tom Ya Thomas Yazy would like us to remember their family and friends in the Window Rock St. Michael's area. Uh their entire community has been in evacuated due to the Oakidge fire. It's still burning literally in their backyards. We're asking prayer that the fire gets under control soon. So, let's remember the Yazy family and their friends up there. The Lord would make a way for that fire to be put out. Amen. And our brother Russell Wallace has a need in his life and he sent me a text on Thursday. On Wednesday, Brother Russell had a teleconference call with his doctor to go over the results from his recent biopsy. Brother Russell said it wasn't too encouraging. The results that came back show an aggressive prostate cancer. And he had the doctors put Brother Russell in a high-risisk group. Brother Russell is scheduled to have scans to make sure the cancer hasn't spread. He goes, "I'm trusting and I'm resting completely in the Lord, but I appreciate any and every prayer." So, let's remember our brother Russell. He has a need in his life. He's a servant of God. He's actually at BYC. He and Sister Elizabeth being servants to the youth at that youth camp this week. So, let's remember him. May the healer come by his way. Let's touch our brother Russell. Let's remember him and the Lord would touch him in a mighty way. Do you have a need today? If you do, healing is here. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he's a healer of our hearts, our minds, our soul, and our body. Whatever your need is, put it before him. Let's sing that one more time. Brother James Love, will you come pray for our needs today and open our service in prayer? Healing is here. You got to believe it. You got to receive it. Trust in him this morning. Healing is here. Oh, healing is here. Oh, healing is here. Healing is here and I receive it. Oh, healing is here. We believe, Lord, healing is here. We trust you, Lord. Lord, healing is here and I receive it. You pray with brother James as he leads us in a prayer this morning. Let's bow our heads. Hallelujah. Lord, I thank you for his worship. Jesus is here. Amen. [Music] And when you come by, Lord, that's when things happen. That's when lives are changed and needs are met. Oh, God. And a pardon isn't a pardon unless it's received. And Father, we receive it this morning. We've come with faith believing, oh God, that healing is here, deliverance is here, freedom is here, oh God. Because in your presence is when lives begin to be touched, oh God. And as I hold in my hands these needs that Lord, they were pinned down in faith, oh God, believing that there is a healer, that there is one that is greater than their sickness. There is one that's greater than the need in their life. And Father, as we've gathered, [Music] Lord, I lift up brother Russell and your Lord, a faithful servant. Lord, one that has sacrificed this doctor's report. But Father, there's a greater physician. There's one that can come into the room, oh God. And Lord, your prophet said that not even cancer can stand in our way. And so, Father, we stand on your word and on the basis of your word. And we ask that you would go and you would touch brother Russell that the fear of cancer and everything would be cast out, oh God. [Music] Lord, and as we gathered on this resurrection morning, oh God, we're just asking that you would come by our way, that you would minister to the hearts of your people, that you would speak to lives, that you would change lives. Oh God, come by my way. Oh God, I have a need in my life. And we're just asking that you would minister unto us. Encourage us by your word. For your word says, "Ask and you shall receive. Knock and it shall be open. Seek and you shall find." And so we're asking. We're knocking. We're here believing Lord that you would come by our way. Be in the song service. Lord, come. Let us create an atmosphere that you could come that you would speak words of life. Oh God, be with the rest of the needs. our pastor as he travels and brother Steve as he travels. Lord, we've come with an expectation in our hearts. Would you meet that expectation, oh God, knowing and believing you will in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother James. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Thankful for his presence here this morning that's in our midst. Welcome any guests that we have today. It's good to see brother Glenn and his wife. Brother Glenn Tamlets and his wife. We welcome them. Any other guests and visitors, we welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Time is filled with swift transition, but you want to hold one hand, and that's the hand of the Lord. Time is filled with swift transition. And not of earth, sun, moon can stay. But with your hope, something's eternal. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. and hold to God's unchanging hand and give your hopes on things eternal. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand and trust in him who will not leave you. and whatsoever years may bring. [Music] And if my earthly friends forsake him more closely to him, I'm going to hold to God's unchanging hand. Going to hold to God's unchanging hand and build your hope something eternal and hold to God's unchanging hand [Music] and come of it not this world's main riches and that so rapidly but seek to gain the heavenly treasure. Seek to gain the heavenly treasure because they will never pass away and hold to God's unchanging hand. Just hold to God's unchanging hand and build your hopes on things eternal to God's son. Last verse, when your journey's completed, and when your journey is completed. And if to God you have been truth in right your home in glory and your in raptured soul will be just hold to God's unchanging hand going to hold to God's unchanging age and build your hopes on things eternal [Music] souls to God's unchanging hand. [Music] The great emancipator. The great emancipator. Let's sing that this morning. Amen. I'm thankful that I've been set free to worship him. Are you thankful? You've been set free to worship him. Amen. Let's sing this this morning with thanksgiving in our hearts. Amen. Once my heart and soul. Amen. We'll start with the chorus. Let's start with the chorus. Singing glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Blessed be his holy name. And he's the great emancipator. [Music] And that's the song of the redeemer. One my heart and soul. [Music] by the mighty chains of sin. But the great events of pain. Oh, he said be free to worship him and I sing. Oh, great glory. Hallelujah. Oh, bless it be his holy name. The great immense faithful and that the song of the course again. Glory, glory, sing. Glory, glory, hallelujah. Oh, bless it be his holy name. He the great event. That's the song of the reaching. I've got a home in glory land that outshines the sun. I've got a home in glory land that outshines the sun. Got a home in glory that outshines the sun it way. Beyond Blue Lord, oh do Lord. Oh do remember me. Do Lord. Oh do Lord. Oh do remember me. Do Lord. Oh do Lord. Oh do remember me. Singing way beyond the blue. And I took Jesus as my savior. You take him to I took Jesus savior. You take him to I took Jesus out. You take him to sing and wait. I got a home in glory land. I've got a home in glory land that outshines the sun. I've got a home in glory land. Outshines the sun. I've got home in glory land. It's way beyond the blue. [Music] Oh, I want to see him. I want to look on his face. Amen. And I want to say thank you for all that you've done for me this morning. You want to say those words to him this morning? Let's sing them. We have a couple of song specials this morning. As I journey through the land, singing as I go, point angels to Calvary to the crimson flow. Oh many pierce my soul from without. But my leads me on and through him I must win. Want to see him look upon his face and there to sing glory of his saving grace of glory. Let me lift my voice and cares I'll pass my home at last ever to rejoice and when in service for my Lord dark may be denied that but I'll cling for close to him he will give me light and Satan snares may vex my soul turn my thoughts aside but my lord goes ahead and leads whatever time and oh I want to him look upon his face forever. I've been saving grace. Streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares on. I'm home at last ever to rejoice. When in valley I look toward the mountain high and behold my savior. There he's leading in the fight. And with the tender hand out stretched toward the bow. Oh, what awesome words I can see as I onward go. Oh, I want to see him. Look him upon his face. Brother Moses, if you'll get ready up his saving grace. Streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares on. Oh my life. Last verse is when before me billows rise from the m and my lord directs my bark. He does safely keep and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. [Music] Look upon his face of his saving grace. Let me lift my voice ever. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Brother Nick Yesi, if you'll get ready to sing after brother Moses this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Shut up, sis. [Music] On my way. I'm on my way to the real world where time doesn't flow. [Music] I have a home. Ah, beyond the curtain of time. [Music] Ooh, I have a home. Ah, behind a curtain of time, a father's feet. at father's feet. Before I came to the earth, there was a body waiting for me. And on the day I leave, there is a body waiting for me. In my father's house, there are many mentions. He went to prepare a future dwelling place who I have a home beyond the curtain of time. [Music] Ooh, I have a home. Ah, beyond the curtain of time at father's feet. [Music] Here below, we have no lasting city. We seek the one that is to come. Yeah. All is vanity. All is negative. Even if you have a PhD, vanity or vanities. [Music] If you are beautiful, that's a shadow. Even if you own words, great treasures still vanity. Oh, I have a home. [Music] I behind a curtain of time. Oh, I have a home. Ah, behind the curtain of time. A father's feet. At father's feet. At father's feet. At father's feet. At father's feet. At father's feet. At father's feet. at father's feet. [Music] Oh, [Music] father's feet and father's feet. No more sorrows. No more war. No more this nightmare who at father's feet. God bless you. [Applause] [Music] I saw the Lord seated on his throne, clothed in glory, exalted high and the train of his robe filled the temple and the angels circle around him and cry You are holy, oh so holy. You are holy, Lord of all. Woe is me for I'm unclean. Mine eyes have seen the holy king. He cleans my lips. Mhm. And the pillars shook and the angels cry. You are holy. Holo holy. You are holy Lord of all. You are holy, oh so holy. You are holy, Lord of all. I heard the voice presence of the Lord. Whom shall I send who live for me? Here I am. Won't you send me? Make me holy and I will go. Singing you are holy. Oh so holy. You are holy, Lord of all. You are holy, oh so holy. You are holy, Lord of all. Amen. Thank you, brother Nick, Brother Moses. Thank you for those song specials today. Amen. Let's stand and sing this morning. Okay. Take me into the Holy of Holies. Take me into the Holy of Holies. Amen. He sung He sang the song of Isaiah there. I want to sing that song this morning. Take me into the Holy of Holies. Amen. Isaiah says, "Here am I, Lord. Send me. I'm a man of unclean lips." You and I live in a land of people with unclean limbs, but we want to be holy as he just thought, but there's no holiness in us except the Lord Jesus Christ. Can you say amen this morning? Take me past. Brother Martin, if you'll come out this morning and to the holy place, pass the praise altar. Lord, I want to see your face. Take me past the crowds of people and the priests that sing your praise. Lord, I hunger and I thirst for your righteousness and it's only found in one place. Take me in to the holy of holy. Take me in by the blood of the lamb and take me in to the plea of holies. Take the cold, cleanse my lips here. second verse. Sing it as a prayer to him this morning. In the outer court I'm justified, but in the holy clay he's made clean. But in the holy of holies is the Holy Ghost itself. Mighty presence of Jehovah. and die a prisoner of this is my prayer. Lord help me so you can rise. Send me a capt. Take me in to the God bless you this morning. Holy [Music] take in by of the lamb. [Music] Take me in to the holy of holy. [Music] Take the gold. Here I am. Take the cold, cleanse my lips. Take the cold, cleanse my lips. Here I am. Yes, father. Unworthy we are, Lord, to stand in thy presence. [Music] We are born in sin and shaped in iniquity. come into this world speaking lies. But Lord, it pleased you. Like Isaiah in the temple on that day, a chosen group, you pulled him up into the holy of holies. Father, thank you, Jesus. Whereby he was able to see the throne. And the throne is a reward for this age of Leodysia. Not just to behold it, but Lord, to be partaker of it, Father, whereby Lord we be made clean. Where Lord this tabernacle can rise in us. Not made of men hands, Father, but Lord by the pure word, the blood of the lamb. Yes. That lord father this morning may we look to the unseen father whereby we see the need lord of our precious brother Russell the family Lord with the fire behind the on the background Lord Jesus but Lord you are the one that conquered all sins and all disease and all situations father unto you Lord we coming Lord with boldness oh father god once again believing Lord that all that we have asked for Father we have received it Lord by faith in Jesus name because your prophet says faith is not shall be but is now it's not a hope check was given unto us thank you Lord we feeling Lord our needs and our redemption in the flesh father the down payment made has been made. We're looking onto that day, Lord, that we shall depart from here whereby our home is set and ready to receive us while we are being aligned. Lord, we've heard theophanes on a daily basis, Father. Listening to the voice of God on the tapes. Make us, Lord, closer and closer with you, Father. All we ask your presence, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless you, saints. Uh without further delay, let's take the book of uh Exodus chapter 40. We read three verses, then we'll go to first Corinthians. Then a cloud covered the tent of the congregation and the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle. And Moses was not able to enter into the tent of the congregation because the cloud haded abode their own. And the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle. And when the cloud was taken up from the tabernacle, the children of children of Israel went onward in all their journeys. But in the but if the cloud were not taken up then they journeyed not till the day that it was taken up. Amen. 1 Corinthians uh chapter 2 verse 6 to 11. How bait we speak wisdom among them that are perfect. Yet not the wisdom of this world, nor the princes of this world that come to not, but we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory, which none of the princes of this world knew. For had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord our God. But as it has written, I have not seen, nor heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God have prepared for them that love him. Amen. But God have revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the Spirit searchth all things, yeah, the deep things of God. For what haveath man knoweth the things of men, save the spirit of man which is in him. Even so the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God. Amen. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may be seated. Surely father once again we coming before you in humility understanding Lord. It's not by might, nor by power, but Lord, because it is the spirit alone that is able to give unto us, Lord, the deep things of God. You are the one that give us the way. Lord, as we moving through thy word, may you bless, oh, Father, the service this morning. Uh remembering our precious pastor away from uh home and you be with him and all the saints, brother Steven and all the saints that couldn't make it or traveling. Lather be with them. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Uh once again, uh may the Lord bless you all and uh thank you for making it to service to this day. Uh we are continuing with uh I believe this will be part seven of uh what house will thou built me and we'll be taking uh we are into the holy of holies. Now we'll uh be talking about the five requirements to receive the revelation. uh some of the things that uh the prophet and prophet has addressed uh over time and believe it's uh quite uh important for us as believers to be able to address such a things and be able to know how to go about our earthly journey as we're building this uh tabernacled mystical body that we are by God's grace. uh as we just read uh here in the book of Exodus we uh been journeying through this book by God's grace and give the Lord has been so faithful unto us and keep uh giving us more and more uh we'll see how far he wants us to go by God's grace and he's uh making us run on two path at the same time but you know that uh he's always faithful and he knows uh where he wants to get us on to. I believe God's grace, we're looking forward unto him every day. Um the book of Exodus shows us uh that God has brought out Moses commissioned Moses in order for him to be able to go about and uh bring the children of Israel to build them a tabernacle. And as uh they were building the tabernacle, we've seen all the tools that they had along the time and uh it was come to the point where the tabernacle was erected. U everything was in place and it was uh therefore quite important now for the Lord to come down and dedicate the temple. And uh at the time of this dedication, we see that um as we saw on Wednesday that um um the tabernacle is not made out of human understanding, human ideas, but is it is made out of u the Lord uh word and uh this message of the hour. And as we go into the holy of holies, we see that we have the the ark of the covenant. Verbonam showed us that uh the ark of the covenant is the human heart. And this human heart shows that the ark had the tables of um the uh of the commandments, but also he that the ark had u pockets on the sides of it which were filled with the laws of the commandments. And these laws of the commandments we see that uh it is uh the message of the hour because this is whereby the interpretation of the commandment whereby we understand that uh the world has all kinds of interpretations of the Bible in this hour but by God's grace we have received the true interpretation of the of uh the Bible. The Bible become a new book. But then um when the Bible becomes a new book, it's not given unto us just to have have that as a statement. But then it is it puts onto us a journey whereby we started um in the beginning of the year that um the tabernacle had to be built because the Lord does does not dwell in the building made out of man's hand. as uh the temple was erected in the wilderness in the earthly journey. Um the natural, it typifies the spiritual um that um this tabernacle that this being built by uh the Christians that we are um comes to a point in our journey whereby that uh God himself has to come and crown it. We saw that on Wednesday that uh it begins with the baptism of the Holy Spirit. But then when we are baptized with the Holy Spirit, we are baptized. We are born again. We are born as a baby whereby we are growing into that revelation. We saw brother Brham um himself at 22 years old. He received the Holy Ghost and uh quickly 1933 right there. they started uh he was commissioned to start building the tabernacle uh physically and also have the people come around and uh also as early as he was 22 23 24 years old in the first campaign he had about 3,000 people come that was brought to the Lord along the journey we see that brother Brhamam was growing himself in the revelation from the time he was 22 23 years old all the way until he was uh about 37 years Brother Brham went about and he was preaching in the Bronham tabernacle. We do not have those recordings but we are able to uh reconstruct those timelines based on the facts that he's giving us uh throughout the tapes of the those events and the images that are made available unto us in this day. We see that u in 1946 the angel of the lord came to the prophet has uh he comes to the prophet the prophet gets hold of uh this new stage of his ministry we understand that prior to that he tells us in many tapes that he would take uh several months and several years and he's preaching uh the book of revelation the book of job in the uh to the church and some of the sisters would wonder how long will Will he will he was he ever going to finish that that teaching? So it is also we find oursel that we can see that in the church too when uh uh the the revelation is given unto the minister he can take a subject for as long as he can because the revelation keeps pouring. Then in this new journey uh new stage of the ministry where about he was given the two gift uh that uh two signs that he was to go about the world and uh uh pray for the sick and if he was more sincere he was going to know the very secret of the heart. Then quickly um we see around 1960 uh 525 53 he start getting tired of um praying for the sick and uh uh laying hands and a discernment to say well America has seen it all and I think I have to change my ministry and 53 around 54 uh then he start to try to change the ministry by preaching and going about and there are some more uh beautiful details how the services were done and how the change of uh the the um managers were leaving him and God was orchestrating everything in those manners. But we quickly start to see that brother was truly a good um representation or a good uh example unto us because as we are coming unto the Lord, we receive the Holy Spirit. We and we quickly realize that we are facing the very same pathway that the prophet had faced because this journey it's not merely like oh he's the prophet oh that's his life and I'll just go and live my life however I want no we are building this tabernacle according to a certain pattern and that pattern we understand that in the old testament brother Brham shows us that you know this tabernacle is what we are because we are the very temple of God. And now the only uh living being that the age of Leodysia has been able to see walk upon the surface of the earth. And we can go on the footsteps of the person is brother Brham that was one of the messengers in the right hand of God that was released unto us in this earth that we are able that in the we can see in the book um in the Bible that um as I said on Wednesday that the scribes were uh compiling most of the services that Paul would had into few chapters and things but then in this day we have so all the messages from beginning to the end despite that not all the messages per se but a very good um amount of messages that were recorded of brother Brham services whereby he can give us all these details in order for us to understand what is this journey of the temple that we are building. So we are not just building upon our own ideas. I think I can build the tabernacle in this manner. I think I can walk in this manner. No, no, no, no. But now we have the laws of the commandments in order for us to be able to build it according to perfection. Because if that is not done so uh you hire a contractor say you hire a contractor and you give him the uh the plan you know to build you a house and if you come back home and you don't find it according to the vision that you had in your mind that you will just not sign it in. you will not take that building because you know how much you've suffered. Jesus knows how much he has suffered, how he went to the cross in order to pay the price so that the bride can rise and be brought back to its original position. So therefore, God had to use one born in sin, shepherd iniquity, uh came come came to life, um speaking speaking lies like us in order for us to truly be acquainted with that kind of life. Because we can speak about Jesus, yes, Jesus was a man, but he didn't come by sin. Jesus by didn't bypass his theophony but all of us including brother Brandham have bypassed our theophony. Brother Brham had to be realigned with his theophony because the things that he did before his conversion till the things that we see after his conversion also puts us in the same pathway to understand oh I can identify with brother Brham when he was sick. the type of faith that he had when the doctor told him that uh you're going to die. I can identify with brother Brham when he could see his child u uh walking away from the word of the Lord. I can identify with brother Brham how he could intercede for his wife. I can identify we don't have that record for Paul. We don't have that record for Jesus. But then we know that Jesus paid the price. His journey can be unlocked for us. That's why that we see that along the church ages. Brother Brham says that when this word was revealed partially that truth was given to the people, people of that age were able to identify with that messenger and God will sell them away. But then in this hour that we are living in as the time goes on we see that the word comes in its fullness. It's not a partial word as we see in the time of Martin uh Martin Luther who would uh come and preach justification and leave all kinds of lives. Right? But then in this hour since the fullness of the word has come to pass then we can see how a man taken from all his miseries as he could pray as uh we read it on Wednesday he said that Lord you know I'm the most evil person on earth and I I don't deserve to deserve to leave but then the grace of God came and took him along the way. So it is also we can clearly identify with this journey to say like you know hey I have a perfect example. Amen. Because perfection is not on the basis of him that looked at you but perfection is from the whom who is perfect coming down in imperfect man and makes it perfect. Hallelujah. That's why the fullness of the word had to come down. If the fullness of the word had not come down, we would also speak of a partial revelation. But then we move from a partial realization to a perfect full realization. And when the prophet is going through that journey, he start understanding that we were predestinated before the foundation of the world. We were called and we are now being anointed in order to be placed according to our positions. And this great mystery being hidden to the princes of the world. The princes of the world will go about and say, "Oh, we'll do this here. We'll we'll do a climate change and we'll try to fix things here. You can't have a nuclear weapon and you can't have this here." Because this great mystery is hidden unto them. That's why we just read here that it's hidden to the princes of the world. But unto us this great revelation is given unto us. It pleas the father to give us these things. It's not that because we are the best among them all. Some some of us are still struggling with all kind of things porn and all these things here. But then when God looked at Paul he said like you know he is my but chosen vessel. Before even Paul knew in what condition he was persecuting the church. But God had seen in him that there was a seed planted before the foundation of the world. It is not a man willing to become seed but we were already seed in God's mind before the foundation of the world. And has now that word is coming down onto us then we are start being realigned partial realization. We're hearing the word day after day we are hearing and we are receiving. And the closer we are getting to the word, the more we start realizing who am I? I never thought I could be this way. I never looked at myself as a child of God. All my life I thought like, you know, I'm an engineer. I'm a I'm a this great architect. I can uh live however I want. But then when that word is start now coming to the seed then you start realizing then now you start taking the laws of the commandment the message of the hour then you start realizing let me get deeper into it. Yes. Amen. That's why we have this great message from 46 47 all the way to 65 to see how a man Amen. Amen. Born in sin, shaping iniquity from a family who had a ill name in the city and be brought to the stage of the world that everybody wants to have a time with him. That even to this day that his legacy because he had uh given his life away to Christ that to this day we can we are also beneficiaries of that very life that he dedicated to the Lord. So therefore we understand that what a man shall plant does what he shall reap. So if now we do as the Lord as the prophet did we are bound to receive the same result at the prophet did. So therefore we can't bypass the prophet the word of the prophet and expect to have another result. Right. Right. The prophet is showing us here in these five requirements that uh given unto uh the five requirements to receive the revelation. We understand that as we are coming into the church and we listening to the word and we saying amen to the word and these are wonderful things. But then it is so important to every Christian and each one of us to be able to get to that level to receive the revelation because you can brother say you can listen to your pastor you can listen to uh your research and development and everything that you've done and all the knowledge that you have received in in order to be able to to be out there. But then it requires a revelation to a certain stage. That's right. You can't expect a baby to receive the revelation. But then revelation is to given to them that are mature, to them that are ready to take responsibility because you can't explain uh uh a a somebody who's walking on the street that say, "Well, uh you are driving by. Uh I'm giving you this information about my company." No, it doesn't work. The person has to be first employed in your company. Once he's employed in the company, he goes through the test, all the interviews. What do you like about this company? What do we like about this message? There are all other messages out there. All the other churches. What Why did you Why did you apply to this company? Well, I see the sisters who dress well and you know, they're very natural and the sisters around our neighborhood, they're very kind. Okay, that's good. That's good. But you know that some of them also have weaknesses. Opra would say, well, if they all make mistake, that mistake, you know, they're not perfect. I'm going back to where I was. Somebody else will say, "Well, I'll make it. I'll stay a little longer." Well, you know, people can grow in things. Yes, that's good. Then we start now getting into the deeper things of God. The word made flesh. What? Eat your bread. Eat your flesh and drink your blood. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I have to go back to where I came from. Until uh Peter would say, "Lord, where shall we go?" Amen. Amen. It's you who have the words of eternal life. Amen. He looked at him and say, "Well, Peter, that's good, but it's not enough." Amen. Peter stayed tugged along for a little while. Some of us say, "We believe the message. We believe the message. That's good. Well, there's no other messages out there, churches out there that preaches the word like the message. That's good. But then now after Jesus death and resurrection, the time was come for them to go into the upper room to receive the Holy Ghost. After receiving the Holy Ghost, now comes now the work we're on to the purpose of the very life. Amen. Because Jesus sent the disciples and uh give them power to go and deliver the sick and all these things. All of us will desire that that when we come to church, they lay hands upon us. Oh, I I really believe that that ministry if you go under that ministry of you have any disease and uh send your your prayer request and they'll pray for you. That's it. It is good. Brother Abraham says here you know first point it's going to take the operation of uh of the Holy Ghost. He says Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. He said, "Well, now I believe in praying for the sick, but not healing the sick and not giving them any virtue to be healed or any anything come from you that will heal the sick. I believe in praying for the sick." Yes, we believe in such a things that when we come to church, we can have this. But then there's a an whole another level because brother Brham as I just said went and meetings after meetings and thousands of people and he spend almost 8 days on the platform praying for people. The more he prayed for the more were coming. There were so many needs in the flesh. Then here now comes now the time where he said no no no no. I've we've prayed for the sick for so long. Yeah. We've spoken so much about, you know, clothing and uh uh dressing and and makeups and all these things here. We need to go a little bit further than that. Amen. Because if we just stay we stay with people like you know dress dress dress code it's fine but then another time we need to take them a little bit farther than that. That's right. But then if you look at yourself that you didn't pass the test of the first teaching, it'll be impossible for you to get to the other part. That's right. That's right. Don't be mocked. Don't be fooled. God is not mocked. If you did not pass even in school, you can't take uh the capstone subject if you didn't take 101. It's impossible. You have to pass 101 first. along the journey. That's why we laying down the foundation of this tabernacle that so it be so clear in people's mind that well I need to understand where I'm at. Am I at the beginning? Am I in the middle? Am I heading into the holy of holies? And if I'm still in the beginning take time in there because as we just saw that in time past in the ages past it was a partial revelation of the word. Amen. When we preach about like you know dressing and uh natural hair don't cut your it is a partial revelation of the word. Right. You have to abide and be able the Lord to look at it and give a stamp of approval before you go on to the other. Then it's not to the preacher to come and tell you like, you know, why aren't you doing it? No, it's your responsibility. That's right. Because remember, we said that of your own choosing, you chose the lamp yourself. You chose the message yourself. It's not a a a pushing matter like, oh, you need to come and if you don't come, I won't pay your car. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's the Catholic spirit. That was saying like, you know, we need to take heresies out of people and all this bad doctrine. That was Paul before his conversion. That's right. But in this hour that we understand that the full revelation of the word has come unto us that this revelation brother I'm sure is that there are these five requirements in order for you to receive that revelation. It's not a revelation that randomly you come about and say like you know I have no no it's not a private interpretation. It's not a private revelation. It is God's revelation in the people. Amen. And that revelation can only come by the prophet. That's why we using the prophet as our example. We using the prophet as the perfect example. The world can call him all the one that call him. But God said in my right hand I only have seven of them and in this hour it's only William Brham. Amen. And all of us when we get someday help out there, we going to be under his leadership. That's right. All of us from brother Ron and all these other churches brothers and sisters with they pastored but all of us under the anointing of the seventh angel messenger. Amen. Brother Brham is showing us here we seeing uh the revelation of Jesus Christ. He said, "You will recall that I mentioned that at the beginning of this message that this book we are studying is the actual revelation of Jesus himself in the church and his work in the future ages." Remember on Wednesday we saw that Barnam shows us that the whole entire book of uh of uh the Old Testament is only made out of two teachings. speaking of the coming of the Lord to pay for the sacrifice and the anointing of the church throughout the earth and that simple sen that anointing the church speaks of us also that's why when we go back in the old testament if you don't see your life in the old testament read again because the entire book speaks of us when I look at Ruth I look at I see myself. When I look at Esther, I see myself. When I see Nemiah, I see myself. When I see Ezra, I see myself. Because I understand the anointing that the king will come and proclaim a degree in order to build what? The tabernacle. The entire book speak of the bride, speaks of the church. And this church is not made out of their own ideas. But we saw that in previous messages that Daniel understood by the books. What books? The books of the prophet Jeremiah. Why? How do we understand it? By the books. The books of who? Of William Brham. And it builds this tabernacle. And this tabernacle when he went across um beyond the curtain of time, it say like you know because you preach what you preach. Here comes the here's the pedestal. Step on it and all the saints over there said what we are resting on it. Amen. It is not a maybe it's not like you know like the Muslim Yeah, we will have. No, no, no, no. It has to be proven. Yes. Because when the young rich ruler died and he went over the keton of time also he find himself like you know wait I need to go back there. No no no no you are not one of the seven messenger to go beyond the kon of time and come back and to tell us what it is on the other side. He was trying to take a position that was not his. God had pro protected it to the appointed time because to them it was only a partial revelation. They say like you know they have ministers over there, they have prophets over there. Let them believe them. But then unto us, God has given us the promise and he has fulfilled the promise to unlock the mysteries that were hidden all these years that a man can go in hell and see how hell looks like and comes and tells us, "Sisters, watch out. Brothers, watch out because what you are doing, some of you it's only a representation of hell. But then also he goes on beyond the cartoon of time. He comes back down and says, "Sister, the angel of the Lord was so pleased when you were there at school. They wanted you to wear pants. You were healed because of that. Who is this person? Amen. Born in sin, shepherd in iniquity, but because of the fulfillment of time, now human beings that were once alienated from the presence of God are able not to go into the holy of holies and now bring back what was fallen in the Garden of Eden to be made manifest in this hour. A man could speak to the storm. Amen. Today they're speaking about climate change and all these things. Yeah, it's going to mess up the world. But then we have human beings that can stand and speak the word. Amen. Then I mentioned that then I mentioned that it takes the Holy Spirit to give us test to give us revelation or we will fail to get it. That's right. That's right. It requires the Holy Spirit. Then when you started born again Christian, you are walking this path. Without the Holy Spirit, this message at some point, if it's just an intellectual thing, you're going to give up. As you have seen, amen. You can come and get a a a job that covers all your bills and then you say, "Well, I'll just go find a part-time job." There's something wrong in your head. That's right. Because you can't go to where the word is p is preaching full and then you leave it and you say, "Well, I'll just go back to the denomination." Brother is wrong. Something is wrong somewhere. You can't go from partial revelation to full revelation and then you say, "No, no, no, no, no. Full revelation is too much. Let me go back to partial revelation." It's impossible to understand. That's why say in this day people will be neurotics, people go mad, people go crazy. Why? because their mind were alienated to the program of God. They were unable to follow God's pattern from the outer court choosing the lamb themselves and walking the path all the way to the holy of holies. It requires otherwise will fail to fail to get it. Bringing this to these two thoughts together. Baram say you will see that it won't take just ordinary study and thinking to make this book real but we just say that you know we have the message of the hour the revealed word. Yes we indeed. God surely knows that you know it's accessible to every person out there. You have the phone, you download the app and you can stream it, listen to it day and morning and stuff and still you don't get it. That's right. True. What is this message? I see brotherham say one thing here. Then he says another thing here. Oh, so too much contradiction in the message. No, you just are missing one key point. That's right. You've come along so good, but you failed to go into the holy of holies. Amen. You feel you failed to receive the Holy Ghost because if you had received the Holy Ghost the one of the requirements says that you should have the ability to hear from God. Amen. Because if we unable to hear from God, how are we going to make the walk? Amen. It will be a battle between the church and and you and your husband and and all these things here. But all those things were already taken care of under the new spirit. Not even the Holy Spirit under the new spirit. So if you are you say that we have received the Holy Spirit and we are still struggling with our husband, something has went wrong in the pro in the program. go back and receive a new spirit because all those things are taken care of under there under that partial revelation. And when we come into the full revelation, we are talking about different things. Amen. Adoption part four, the mysteries of his will. And remember how we how we hang on that. How many was in this morning? Let's see how we stuck on that. The mystery of his will. Now it is not just a little thing. Then it's a mystery. God's will is a mystery and each man has to seek out the will of God for his or herself. God's mystery. Amen. We seeing the prophet coming the journey. He's coming and he's listening to the word and he's showing us all this great pattern on how to read the Bible and all these things. As we read it on Wednesday, he says that in uh what what is a vision? He said like the angel came to me and told me what are you trying to do? You're trying to explain these things here and stuff. You don't even understand it yourself. Why was he not understanding it? Because it was not time for that. That's why all those type of quotations will give people all kind of business. But if he was a prophet, how how come was he not understanding it? No, you need first the Holy Spirit in you so he can teach you on how to connect all those things. Amen. Because despite him being the prophet, he has to work according to God's timing. That's right. We too have to work according to God's timing. Don't come on the pulpit of mystery. Seven seals. No, no, no, no. Walk the walk. Make proof of thy ministry, Timothy. Take your time. Don't rush. Oh, I can preach the mothers. I can do this here. No, no, no. Take your time because the Lord knows what we have need of. Amen. He knows us better than ourselves. Many times when we walk around and we see these warehouses being built from the outside, it looks good. But then when you go inside, no, no, no. We still have to do some wiring. We still have to do some lighting. We still have to uh put all the computer systems and then all these things here for everything to work accordingly. Some of us on the outer court we look good. We look good. We come to church hair cut and trimmed and everything but inside we know Lord you know my heart Lord. Lord you know I'm still struggling with this Lord. Lord, you know this year, he knows that because it is his will to show you the kingdom. He wants you to walk the walk with him. Amen. When Jeremiah said like, you know, I am unworthy. I'm unable to do anything. He said, "No, no, no, no, no. Wait. I have chosen you. I have called you. I have established you to be the prophet of nations." He couldn't see that in in himself. He couldn't tell that what potential because these are things that did not come onto the heart of men. You could you can't imagine what God has in store for you. Amen. Because it is a sealed mystery. The prophet said that you need to seek God's will for your life because you are a mystery yourself. That's why the devil is trying to play with it. Oh, maybe I should take him to drink. Oh, maybe I should have him have a girlfriend. Maybe I should have him do this here. He's trying all his best because he knows there's a great potential in these human beings that he is trying to get hold of. But then us now we have to understand you make the choice in order to have the revelation. Amen. First point, it is going to take the operation of the Holy Ghost. When the Holy Ghost comes into the human heart, we saw that the Holy Ghost takes over. 1 Corinthians 2 and um and my speech and my preaching was not uh with enticing words of men, of men's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and power that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God. Because this word when the Holy Spirit comes into us we see brother Brham that he was given two signs it was not on the basis of his ability. That's why the angel could tell him said do you think that you are the one who sees the vision? It was not him. It was not a man-made ability. It was nothing to do with his flesh. We'll read a quote here. will see a dead. Oh, we just read it actually. It says that now I believe in praying for the sick but not healing for the sick, healing the sick and not giving them any virtue to be healed. When the Holy Ghost comes in you, it has nothing to do with your ability. It is him doing the healing. It is him healing this thing. Our job is to lay hands to pray for the people and God take of the rest. Amen. It has nothing to do with us. That's right. Oh, this brother has the gift, brother. No, no, no, no. It has nothing to do with him. It is the Holy Ghost in the person. And when the Holy Ghost comes, he expects us to be to speak like uh John the Baptist. I have to decrease so that he can increase. And brother Bham say God is looking for people unto whom that he can bless and yet they can remain humble. That's right. When we receive a little bit of something, then we I have the revelation, brother. You don't you don't I'm respected in the world, brother. quickly you understand that's not according to the pattern that's not according to the program there's no need to f with it but it requires the holy spirit to come down he said uh spiritual church ages instead of uh straight word of god instead of the spiritfilled men in the church who were who were led by the by by spirit given revelation there are now creeds and by laws and educated guesses and of educ educated men learning has taken place of revelation. That's right. Look at the church message ages today. You have the table. Make some research quick. I'm right there. I'm ready for a sermon. Learning has taken place of revelation. Reason has replaced faith. Oh brother, you know, you know my condition, brother. You know, you know all this here. That's why it requires us to seek the will of God by revelation. Otherwise, we fall quickly into our own mind that I think I can do this. I think I can do that. It wasn't so um programmers replace spontaneous praise in the Holy Ghost. It wasn't so from the beginning. The whole piece has changed. It has become a hybrid church. That's right. But then that's not what the Lord is looking. He said like you know the requirement he requires the Holy Spirit to work in the people. And when these people in Romans 10, he says, "How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in whom in him of whom they have not heard? If you can't hear from him, how you going to work with him? And how shall they hear without a preacher? How are we going to hear the voice of God without a prophet in the land? And how shall they preach except they be sent? As it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of the peace and bring glad tidings of good things, but they have not all obey the gospel. Amen. People go to church and they listen to the word and over and over and over and over and they're still stuck in the same position. It is impossible for you to receive the revelation. Just work with God as he lays it down and you'll just see that everything will work out for you. Amen. Don't expect to go to the airport and then uh you don't follow the rules of the TSA and you're jumping from one lane to another. quickly you'll be in custody somewhere. You come to church, it's like, "Oh, no. This doesn't work. I don't like this in church. I don't know. I don't like that minister." Quickly, you find your mind clogged up somewhere. Before you know it, you're in the street. Nature tells us about all these things. Amen. The word is so perfect in simplicity that even when you wherever you walk, you start seeing the word because the word becomes made flesh becomes manifested before you. Amen. For Isaiah said the prophet, "Lord, who have believed our report?" So then faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. The spirit is coming in not to to to entertain you to uh your own desires. No, no, no, no. It's according to his own will. Amen. He told Moses there as we just read it. If the cloud of glory moves then they moved. If the Holy Spirit say do this here you do it. It's not a desire of if I feel like it. Lord I need to reason with you first because the Bible say come and let us reason together. Brother says a man now wants to teach God on how to do That's right. Amen. Is this the sum of the answer? 260. Brother Burnham says, "The mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation, but the person of Christ performing in you the same works that he did." That's right. Amen. Without any virtues that you feel. without you feeling that you know something is working. No, no, no, no, no. Sensation, it comes on the pulpit and he just start talking to you in such a simplicity. Oh, I was expecting a lot of shouting and like no without sensation, a great mystery. And when he's delivering the word inside, it's like you know, yep, that's it. This is where I need to work with. Amen. This is where I need to work on. Because these things are so real. They are not things that uh uh because it's this brother or that brother. A sister came into the prayer line. She was at first doubting the minister. I don't really think that you know this brother can really do anything but I have no choice. My child is with uh is uh losing blood and let me just go. The brother just came. Yeah, pray for for her for for the daughter. Time has gone. And then she start observing. Went to the doctor. Everything is fine. Is this real? I didn't see any sensation. He didn't really do that such a big prayer. Then the husband went to the minister. Are you aware of this? No, I'm not aware. Yeah, this is happening when you since you pray for. Oh, okay. I didn't even know that she was sick for that. No sensation. Another another pastor saw say like you know, oh brother, you know, my child's been married for six years, no children. Okay, sister, sit down. How are you? How's life? And how's everything? The brother create the atmosphere. He prays for the child. this few months they're expecting no sensation at times that in other messages you see brother Brandham follows up on those some type of need in the prayer but in this case the brother didn't even follow up on it he just went and left but because it is not a man doing the work that's right God came and gave the child. God came and delivered the need. The Holy Spirit doing this work in us. Amen. Thank you, Lord. When you have a need, it's all about you hearing the word. You come with that faith in you. You stand there. God is going to honor it. Don't expect to any sensation of uh some forms I need this year. No, no, no. Because what God is doing from this first requirement is only building the blocks for you to receive the revelation. Brother Bam says if we don't have faith for divine healing, how we going to have faith for the rapture? That's right. God is very methodic. He wants you first to pass the first test. You go on to the next one. Don't expect always jumping, jumping, jumping. Yes, jumping is good. But then he also expect you to have a clear understanding of what he's doing. And this book of revelation or this revelation, brother Bam says on the second part that this this uh that means that this book can be revealed to any but a special class of people. That's right. Amen. That's right. The fact that God gives you that journey along the way and you've tagged upon Sister Ruth all these years that you were coming after Naomi and you were there. I'm walking with you. I'll be with you. I'll be with you. It already a sign that you are a class of people that were predestinated onto this revelation. Amen. Thank you, Lord. But it's not limited onto that stage. He goes with you even further deeper because when the uh the the the uh the the Pharisees and and and the rest of them it said he answered and said unto them Matthew 16 2 and 3 when it is evening you say it will be fair weather for the sky is red and in the morning it will be full weather um it will be full weather today for the sky is red and uh and lowering. Oh ye hypocrites, ye can discern the first of the sky, but ye cannot discern the signs of the time. Why? Because it was not given unto them. Despite of all the knowledge and all the mental conception, nothing was able to get them there. In Matthew 16 13, the same chapter. And when Jesus now comes to the elect people, the class of this class of people, Jesus came into the course of Ceser of Philippi, he asked his his disciples saying, "Whom do men say that I am the son of man?" And they said, "Some thou John the Baptist, some Elias, some Jeremiah, and and one of the prophet." And and he said unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" Amen. God is putting us on the spot. What do you say this message is? What do you say these messages? I believe brother Brandham. No. What do you say this is? Amen. I like to go to church because they have music. No, no, no, no. That's not the question. What do you say this message is? This is when now revelation kicks into place because everybody you've seen people come to the message and leave but you've stayed along for quite some time. What do you say this message is now? Peter and he said unto and and Simon Peter verse 16. And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." And Jesus said, answered and said unto him, blessed art thou. You are blessed if you have the revelation. Amen. So it's not it's not a you're not a random person. You're not just like the rest of the people. You are a blessed person to have the revelation of what this message is because we just read that you had to pray for God to give you that revelation. If I'm preaching the way I'm preaching, I must have the revelation. All my life, this is what I've been doing. God has given me the privilege in his in his house. all the position you name it I've done it but there were stages of my life as I was working Sunday school song leader music tech uh sound system video you name it I've done it oh brother you know I serve in the house of the Lord that's not it you need to go further than that Amen. But brother, you know, I'm married to a Christian believer. No, that's not it. Because everybody gets married out there. Without a revelation, they get married. Amen. But you are blessed, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood have not what? revealed it unto thee. But the my father which is in heaven has revealed it unto you. The revelation comes to them that are of a class of people. And I say unto thee that thou are Peter and upon what? This revelation upon this rock I will build my church. I will build the tabernacle. What are we building? We are building the tabernacle of God. What house will thou build me? According to the mind of uh the scientists out there, because the world today tells you all kind of things, you know, you can be this, you can be that. you know, churches uh that the pastors and all these things and they've deceived us and they've taken uh advantage of the people. But what do you say this is? Amen. Those things has to come so you can we can be proved and be tested. Amen. Well, the pastor said, you know, I don't like these type of people because they are less human than us. Then I'm leaving the church. Those things had to happen. to know exactly what you are. Amen. Because those weaknesses, you never knew they they were in you until that time. Oh, the the sister didn't greet me. My wife didn't cook for me. You know, I'm going to find another wife. It only showing what it was inside that you didn't know that you had. That's right. Now that the word comes and puts you to the test, now you are able not to see, oh, look at what I am. Because Jesus said, don't let them, oh, you know, at the beginning, you know, this one I don't really think is a son of God. This one I don't really think is a daughter of God. Jesus said what? Let them grow. There will be a time and this is the time at the beginning. H everybody. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. The message of the hour for here we are the bride. Yeah. Jesus knows. It requires that time the pressing session. And when they put you in that pressure that's when now you start manifesting what you are. Amen. God has put me into positions too. I'll stand the you know I interpret too the the pastor say you know hey as here when we have to find a pastor we look at brother brother Martin here he's not married yet we kick him out and I have to interpret it God will prove you Amen. Amen. Will be tested. You understand that it's almost like you know your confidence pastor. You know my condition. You know, you know what's going on in my life. Yet you come on the pulpit and you you say like and I have to interpret it and the room knows that and they also they expect me to interpret it. Then it requires now the revelation about what you are doing for God at that moment. It has nothing to do with you. It's the operation of the Holy Ghost. That's right. Because I'm not putting myself in the way of the word. That's why when I come here, I preach and do these things here. I don't know what's going on with anybody's life. Many times I get that on the mountain. I didn't know even myself I was like what's going on the brother say what you say there it happened two days ago I was like oh now I understand why myself I was questioning why I went there it is the operation of the Holy Ghost and when that revelation comes forth if in the man himself doesn't understand it the prophet we see him say like when he went uh when the the second sign started he say like you know something unusual is happening. I don't know what's going on. Why? Because God himself in a yielded people he says it in the shepherd of the uh shepherd of the sheepfold. He said like you know through a yielded people he can fulfill his own will his own work. He's doing the work. It has nothing to do. So therefore then when you come to these stages you've went through thick and thin. Amen. When somebody gets offended with your messages, you you look at it a second. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah, brother Martin preached this year. Ah, it wasn't this year. Yeah, I understand. I have to carry it, but I know it's not me. But if you are also sincere, you'll see that it's not brother Martin. It's not the pastor. Thank you, Lord. You won't get offended by that because the rest of the disciples, the 70 of them, they say when he said that, you know, you have to eat my flesh and drink my blood. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. This, this is a whole another thing here. He had to press them to a corner. He had to prove us because the great mysteries that were were going to come, it was beyond their understanding. Amen. If you can stand the little struggle that you facing today, the greater things that has to come. Amen. If we can stay all night in prayer, in supplications for few hours, you expect now to live in eternity in that presence because your whole being is attracted to something else. You attracted to work. you attracted to being at home and doing your project and then being in his presence. And then that's why I said we have to pray for that revelation. Amen. It's not a revelation that you say like you know brother tell me what is your revelation God has given no no no no no God will come in you as we saw on Wednesday that the priest that goes into the holy of holies only him knows what that revelation is because it is a hidden manner it's not a public show at this stage. Amen. Oh, look at me on my long skirt. Look at me my tie and my shoes and you know I come and I pay my ties. No, that's not a public show. Because when he's dealing with you, you are pressed to the point there's no brother that can help you. There's no preacher that can help you. William Brham went through the same process himself. Baxter left him. Many brothers left him. the denominations. Then you say like you know why am I against the organizations when he tried to side with the denomination God realign him month was sitting there with ammo in his in his body. Why? Because God is pushing us to that perfect realization. And that perfect realization requires that you stay one alone with God alone. Amen. Thank you Lord. Amen. the people who are given uh this revelation but uh in Daniel chapter 10 verse one and in the third year of the king Sarah of Persia a a thing was revealed unto Daniel whose whom whose name was called Belshasar and the thing was true the revelation but the time appointed was long and he understood the thing and he had understanding of the vision We ought to have the understanding of what we are doing. That revelation has to be so clear before us that you know from the death of Jesus to this day what is happening. Amen. Why am what role am I playing right now in 2025? Because when you look at the watch, every single cog has a position. It's playing a position. If you don't have the revelation of God for your life, you would be unable to play your position in this hour. Otherwise, you'll be just church attendance. You'll just be going to work. Well, I think I can make my money here. But that position but to Daniel a special group of people that revelation was so clear so perfect and he understood the vision. He understood the time how much time was remaining unto them. And uh we go verse seven we jump here quickly so that we may not spend too much time. And I and I Daniel alone was saw the vision. I alone saw the vision. For the men that were with me saw not the vision, but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide themselves. Look at the process of receiving the revelation. Many will leave the message. We expect that to happen. Amen. Because Daniel saw the vision. He understood the vision. But then to the rest of the people, earthquake. Well, Russia is coming. Hey, hey, watch out. Hey, invest here. Do this here. All kind of earthquake moving unsettled people to about. But he said, but I alone saw the vision. We are to know if we have the vision. Amen. We are to work to have that vision. Otherwise, we're just struggling. We come to church and, you know, I I show up when I can, and I don't really understand it. Well, I you know, and that's the that's the beginning of all the issues in the church. Amen. Because the vision is not clear. We'll see what the vision is asam shows us. to show a little bit more. When Moses was born, he was a proper child. Not because he was Moses, not because we are what we are. Not because uh he Why am I praying for the sick? 54. When Mo Moses was born, he was a proper child. Not because he was Moses, not because he had done something, but because God chose him before he was born. John the Baptist 712 years before he was ever ever in his mother's womb, Isaiah saw him and said, "He is the voice of the one crying in the wilderness, prepared a way for the Lord to make it straight." God has chosen us in the same manner. 49. So it's God's sovereign grace that he has uh that uh that that he he does things. God has a church that's going to appear without without spot or wrinkle before him. Hallelujah is the chosen of God. God himself doing his own work from the very beginning the operation of the Holy Ghost. Second second requirement you have to be part of that class of people. Right? It's not your willing. God has chosen us. Amen. In Luke 2, he says, "Fear not, little flock, for it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." And in that third requirement, he will take one with prophetic insight. This vision that we are pursuing, what are we pursuing when we come to church? We must have that perfect insight before us. Brother Brham says in the church ages, the revelation of Jesus Christ, the importance of the revel of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. You hear about revelation but we cannot insist enough. We cannot call you enough regardless of how much time I can spend on the pulpit. The need of revelation in our life in a true believer you've come along this journey it is so important. It goes beyond just reading the message. Amen. You need revelation brother say more than your natural food. more than work that you go to. It is so important. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. Amen. It so important to have it because by having that revelation then you are able to hear from God. Amen. Because right now it to some it can be a commandment. Yeah. But they telling us we need revelation. Yeah. They're telling us, "Yeah, brother. Yeah, I need to pray for revelation." Yeah, that's what they preach today. Yeah, we need revelation. But it goes beyond that. We can preach even ministers on the pulpit. I recall myself years I was how I I was going on a mountain alone crying before him Lord I've been in this message all my life but this revelation what is this message about I know the denomination are false I know all this year brother miss the pro I know I know I know I know But the revelation, amen, I started repenting from the time I knew that I was a human being all the way to that time. Lord, you know I've done this. You know I've done this. You know I've done this. I've taken series of messages, piled them up, reading, praying, reading, praying until that day. I'll never forget it. Until that day, I can stand and talk about this message all day long without needing a book. Why? Because it came to me. This is it here. All these years, but I've been reading this year. How come I didn't see it? Because revelation means more to you than you realize. Amen. You can with quotations today hair. Yeah. But look at the picture. Brother Bernham, you said don't you say brother Bernham was wife with with the clothing. Yeah. That's only you are comparing scripture with scripture and we can tell when it's still a struggle between Yeah. quotation here. Yeah. But but my husband allowed me to work. Oh no, my wife but my wife doesn't have to work. But in either case, it has to be first the revelation. Amen. Otherwise, it is just an impersonation. We are looking at us. Yeah, I I stay home because my husband told me, "Yeah, that's impersonation. God doesn't want it." Well, I can paint my head this way. I think like, you know, according to my own feelings. No, we saw that it has nothing. There's no sensation to it. Revelation means more to us than we may realize. Amen. And when the revelation comes, this message is no more just like you know preaching brother Brham brother but you know something has happened. Yes, I did receive the Holy Ghost. Yes, the Holy Ghost has been with me all this long journey. I'm not playing with women. I'm not cheating the word. I'm not doing this here. But that's still not revelation. Amen. Revelation. Brother Brham himself, the angel comes and tells him, I will make you now fish of men. I'll teach you on how to preach. I'll teach you on how to get that bride. But he had re he had all the patterns and things that all these years. All the quotations that I read on Wednesday 56 are backward. But then when the angel comes and meets him, he say, "I told you not to do this. I told you not to do this. Now it is time now. He said that you know I'm in anticipation like a child waiting for Christmas because something has is coming. Amen. In 62 in the contest he say God show us Jesus. Let us see Jesus and his program in 62. You see him there. He said you know the mysteries and he names all kind of mysteries and all this here until the angel came until the the word came and said yeah now the seals are open with the pattern you can still preach the word good but you're still going to be off brother Brandon preach as we all know that people run with in the message today the mighty conqueror when you read the first sermon that he preached on the right uh the sunrise service in 1955 56 you read that sermon you see him he said you know now god has a work that he has to do that the world knows nothing about he comes then he follows that with the mighty conqueror he said like you know he's going to do this great work and we are in under such expectation of that work then it stops according to the pattern. Yes, it is true because after Jesus death and resurrection was the church ages he was right. But then when he comes and preaches the next one, then he find himself using the white horse rider as the Lord Jesus Christ yet with the pattern. Revelations means more to us than we can realize. That's right. We can read this message. Yes, brother. I know this message. I've read it. Yeah. But then let me insist a little bit more. Pray for that revelation. Desire that revelation, my brother. Amen. Certain things that I'm saying here, I can say it publicly. You have to pray for it. Yes. Even the prophet when he comes to preach the uh uh the seventh seal, he comes and tells them like cut this part. Don't record it because it is so important so perfect that he only needs a class of people to receive it. Amen. And that class of people is what we are. And because we are that class of people, we have to prove that we are that class of people. That's right. When we call the the preacher calls us, you are the bride. Amen. You are the bride. Amen. Brother, today the service was Amen. Amen. Amen. All around. But then now you have to get to work now to prove that you are the bride. That's right. To stay in that kitchen. to search that word. That's why when I say like you know ministry of a woman, it's not to me that physical place called the kitchen. It is a mystery and it can only come by revelation. Amen. Otherwise you I'll be fighting with the sisters here. Hey, brother Martin, I can work too. We you know brother also said hey you know I can help my husband. That's a you comparing a scripture with another. But then when that revelation come you would know like sister me Lord I'm looking for this guy I don't know I love him and say oh this year when revelation comes behold I'll send you Elijah the prophet then if she finds herself in a pathway what am I going to do now? How am I going to support his ministry? What is that onto me? What is the new stage of my ministry? I'm a young man. Excuse me. I'm a young man. I'm I'm growing up and I'm doing all these things in life without vision, without revelation because Daniel understood it. The rest that we just read it. you the rest of people will not see it. It's only given to you. And when you go into the holy of holies, you take the tablets of the law and you take the commandments of the law, then the cloud of glory has to come down. Amen. Because even Joshua after the cloud came down and Moses was not able to get into the into into the holy of holies the Bible says but Joshua stayed in there each one of us we are required that's why we read in uh on Wednesday now we have boldness to do what to go into the holy of holies It's not some random fact that you know, oh brother, brother Robert, come with me, take me all these songs and they're wonderful. It is good. But then make that experience. Get in there. You'll see a different being that you are. Amen. You'll see a whole new message that you never thought of before. It won't be a subject of debate and you know you know what do you think of that message? I don't really think so. No, it goes beyond that. Yes. Brother says, "But once the brilliance of the introduction of the church age, but once the brilliance of the seven church ages is given by divine revelation, light upon light follows until what? The whole of the revelations opens wide before our wondering eyes." Amen. You're sitting there, you're like, "How come I never seen this? It happened to me. If there's a book that I've read in the message is the church ages. If there's a book that I've dealt with the question and answers, the seven seals, I've read it over and over and over and over and over. But until that revelation came, that's right. We can compare, search scriptures, and debate along the journey we've been. That's why I say God has given me that grace to show the importance of revelation. Amen. I've been with pastors all my life. All my life. As best I can remember. Pastors here. A pastor came to me and say he comes and pulls the box of my um my books there in my room. He looks at it the divine uh the uh deity of Jesus Christ. Said you have this this what pastors you know I'm giving you my word. If I don't bring that back to you, you know, consider me a false prophet, a false pastor to this day. It only shows things by which God will take you through. Amen. To see how focused you are. God will bring, brother Bam say that he will bring even the pastor to do some big mistakes in order to see what your position will Amen. The pastor on the pulpit can one day stand up and say, "Brothers and sisters, all this message that I've preached all these years, I don't believe it anymore. What will happen to you?" That's the importance of revelation. Amen. Amen. Amen. Daddy will stay one day and say that you know her children or mama will say one day you know I've read all the messages and I've went and back and forth and there's no quotation that you will give me and all. Yeah. Daddy and mommy comp all these years compare scripture with scripture but say though it is good but revelation goes beyond that. Amen. because it it opens wide before you wondering. I said, you know, is this really at times you'll be asking yourself, you sit in the church while the word is coming forth, you'll be wondering, is everybody hearing the thing I'm hearing? Because the revelation so real. Amen. Daniel saw it. Paul on the way of the the the on his way out there he said like you know the rest of people didn't see it but he alone saw it. Amen. A class of people a specific class. Your brother can be next to you. You sleep with him in the same bed and and you share all you that you want. But then one day you said I don't believe this anymore. But to you say you are just attracted. You don't know. You don't even understand why. Because there's a seed in you. Amen. But don't just remain and say like, you know, I'm predestinated. I'm born again. No, no, no, no, no. Go on further. Amen. That's right. Because remember that some down sometimes down the road the devil will try to come and destroy you. Amen. And you have to build the defense mechanism so you can be able to face those times because if you remain the baby, you remain a baby. Yes, I'm born again. This is enough. No, it's not enough. That's right. That's right. After receiving the the the the angel tells him, I'm going to teach you. And he receive the revelation. Now we say, oh, now I can depart in peace. I don't know if I'll be able to finish everything, but I believe that's what God wanted us to to receive until the whole revelation opens right before our wandering eyes. And we edified and purified by his spirit and made ready for his glorious appearing, even our Lord and Savior, one true God Jesus Christ. I pray, listen to brother, I pray that the the blessing of God upon each reader and may illuminate by the spirit of God be each one special portion. Each one special portion. Only I will understand what happened to me. I can explain it to you. All this I was this way. I before I preached I received this uh this experience then after that he said this and then when I doubted it then it came back to me. I can explain it but until that's right you go through yourself. That's why in the vision people were going into the tent. What happened in there? No, you have to get in yourself. That's right. Each one of us, we are called while there's still time. You may be 60 years old, brother. I came to the message. Uh, you know, I wish I was like you young people. And no, Abraham called him when he was over 65 years old. Yes, God can call you like uh John the Baptist when you in your mother's womb. Yes, I'm born in the message. That's good. But until you John go into the wilderness, you deal with that angel yourself. He will never make it. Amen. Can the musician come please? It required the ability to hear from God. In John 8, if God were your father, you would love me. For I proceeded forth from uh forth and God uh and came from God. Neither came I of myself, but he sent me. Why do you not understand my speech? Even because you cannot hear my word, ye are your father, the devil, and the lust of your father ye will do. He was a murderer, and from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there's no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own. For he is a liar and a father of it. Amen. But a special group of people, it is a whole different table. They don't speak of themselves. They only speak thus said the Lord. It's not a repetition of brother say brother say no no no no no no no you can say brother say but you are lying you can say that you know I love you brother but you are lying [Music] that's why I say like you know why can't you understand my speech why can't you hear my word because there's no truth in you amen Amen. But then once the importance of the revelation comes into our life, you know, you don't want to mix that seed with anything unpure. Amen. You know the cost of sin and what it cost the Lord God in order to redeem us from it. That's why brother preaches the cruelty of sin. You know how evil sin is to put us in this condition that one person did. And we understand the cost that one man had to pay in order to bring us back. And on this journey back, it's not an overnight journey. When you're building this tabernacle naturally, you know the hours spent and the sacrifice and and all these things and you see somebody comes and start painting doing gravity on the wall. What will be your feeling? You just clean the house. What happens when the child start running and with dust in the house? What would be your feeling? You just purchased a new car and somebody comes and rehands you. What will be your feeling? [Music] Because you know the price you pay. Amen. You know the hours you spent with the message to understand this year and a small Delila comes and takes it quickly away from you the importance of revelation because you can just like you know hey I read the message and you go you play with Delila he's stealing away from you but then when you have the understanding of what that money the times spent into investing, into working, into saving, you can't just misuse it anyhow. When you know the hours that you spend on your knees and for your children and and you let your children go and run with anybody out there, no, you can't do that. When we know how beautiful the church of God is, how important each one of us to stay in our position given to us by revelation, we can fool around. We can't come here and then start to play hypocrisy and try to show that skeleton smile. No, no, no. You want it from inside. You want when you say God bless you, it is truly a revelation of God of what is happening with my brother and my sister. When all these requests are coming on the pulpit, sense pray for me. What does it mean? They trust you. Amen. They trust us. But then if I'm not prayful, I come here and I pray for stuff. We understand that those demons will come after me, right? When you find yourself running around and left and right, it's not a random. You were in a certain meeting somewhere, that demon left somebody and came to you because you were not protected, because you were not born again, because you were not vaccinated to stand the test of time. But the Lord wants time-t tested memorials. Men who had went through it thick and thin that when they stand in front of the church, it's not just a sermon. Brother say, brother say the responsibility will only get greater over time. You pass one stage, God will give you more. Amen. I couldn't read it but says the Bible says to him that has more give him more but if you are one of uh the servants who takes his talents and goes and hide it under the the bushel it's like you know lazy servant give it to me and I go and give it to the other person you find yourself losing all interest of the world but you're trying to fake your appearance and with the outer coat Yes, the mana will fall in the outer court. You'll hear the word just like everybody else. But then that mana in the holy of holies it's a whole different testam says it will have the same test as the original mana in Pentecost. In Pentecost said when Anas and Sapphira they came down there and they were trying about lying about those things the word revealed it quickly. the importance I couldn't get to the instructions of the Holy Ghost when he comes in brotherham shows quickly to finish it say like he say look at all these mysteries that come to open the mystery that we hidden before the foundation of the world he said like you know a man like John which is the type of the bride he's able to stand out there and look at the word come open before him and he wanted to Right. Why was it forbidden? Because it was in the Holy of Holies. Though it is open today, but it's still hidden in the Holy of Holies. We can still hear the message of the hour. Brother Brham, Brother Brham, the great prophet. Yes. But until we get into the Holy of Holies, we'll never get it. Amen. Right. In all these three stages that I've shown, the outer court, the holy place, and the holy of holies, a man outside will dress like anybody else. A man in the middle will speak the of the message like anybody else. But we had to insist of the need to put aside our reasoning and all these things, conscience and memories and all this in order now for the new spirit to come in to take you into the holy of holies. Amen. Because with that whole old spirit of the badger badger's life, you'll be debating and trying to have your own ideas of the message. Then the new sp spirit when the holy spirit comes in you are ready to receive something timeested memorial walk with that message not just brotherham brotherham we just read it what does it say I pray for each one of us special portion why is it special. It's only yours. Why is that shirt special to you? Oh, I received that shirt when my dad was dying. He left me that shirt. When my m grandmother, they've received this ring for generations. You know the importance of that ring. When somebody comes and takes that ring away from you, you know, you'll put everything into action. Look at the world of politics, how they fighting to make America great again because they know the work that the forefathers did. And when we understand this great work, this great revelation, it comes in, you understand, Lord, I've been in church. I'm wasting all this time fighting the ministers and criticizing them and and and my wife and all these things while there's better things to come. I can stay here. [Music] If my wife leaves me, that's fine. If my husband leaves me, that's fine. Why? Because my mind is so focused. Amen. Look into the Holy of Holies. You see that the the ark of the Lord had the cherubans looking into it. So focus angel with swift wings coming down straight focus in the word. When the rest of the angels were there standing, it said like the angel was just looking straight at me. He was the one attracting me. Why? Because he was the one who had those seals. May God bless you. Bless you, brother Martin. Amen. Let's stand this morning. This is your house. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your a house, a temple reserved for him. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. And this is your house. Come and dwell. The chorus again. This is your house. This is your house. Oh father, come and dwell. This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their care. This is your house. This is your house. I'll say yes. The same key, the key the song of Ruth. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. And to your will, Lord, I'll say yes. And where you lead me, oh I will go this dwelling place, this tabernacle, I'll say yes, Lord, [Music] I'll say. Can you sing the song of Ruth with all your heart? Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I'll say yes. [Music] Oh, to your will, Lord. I'll say yes. And where you lead me, I will go. Oh, I'll sing. Yes, Lord. Let's sing it as a prayer. Just you and him this morning. Just you and him today. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your will, to your ways, Lord, to your will, Lord, I'll say yes. Where you lead me, I will go. And where you lead me, I will go. I'll say yes, Lord. [Music] Before we go, one more song. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you [Music] is my desire. [Music] Oh, just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you is mine. And all I say and do, I want to be close to you. Just to me. Brother Warren Arasola, will you come close our service this morning just to be close to you? Just to be close to you, his mighty love. Yes, Lord. That's our prayer this morning. It's our desire, Father, to be close to you. Yes. As Ruth said, Lord, I will go. Because of her decision, Father, because of the revealed word that she accepted from Naomi, it was a revelation to her, Lord, and it broke the whole curse of Moabites because of her, Lord Jesus. It's a revelation to accept this message. Lord, we have doubts. Yes, we have troubles. We have trials. Yes. But it revealed to us that it's between death and life. That this message for me is life and I will not go back. This is our heart's desire. Thank you, Father, for the message of Brother Martin that he delivered today. Lord, help our young people to reveal this to them, Lord Jesus. Not because of the mom and dad bringing them to church. Not because, Lord, we we we introduce this message to them. Help them Lord God to realize that it's only God is the real life. that this message is pure to us. This message is life to us. Lord, bless our believers today. Bless the the the message believers, Lord God, all over the world. Lord God, the people that streamed this message, Lord God, this morning. Bless our pastors, Lord. uh the brothers that coming back from the youth camp, the brothers that come from oh going back uh from from uh brother Mario, Lord, and uh brother Steven. Father, Lord, as we go home, be with us. We love you again in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. Remember the service Wednesday night. May the Lord have his will in his way in your life today. God bless you. Go in peace this morning. Just to be close to you is my desire. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
