################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - You Must Be Converted - Jerry Browning - Jerry Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   You Must Be Converted - Jerry Browning
Speaker: Jerry Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JT2fAnVdENE
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
49:18 - Ministry
2:09:24 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I am I will see to honor his coming. Oh, I pledge alce to the lamb. I pledge alce. I pledge alce to the lamb with all with all my strength. Yes, with all I am. I will seek to honor his command. I pledge [Music] alle. Oh, I have heard how Christians long ago they were brought before. for a trend throne. And they were told how that he would spare their lives if they would reounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die. for the son of God. Oh yes, they would not deny him like a great angelic quiet sings. Oh, I can almost hear. Oh yes. Her voice is ring and I pledge alle. Oh with all my strength. Amen. With all my strength, with all I am. [Music] Oh, I'll see to his command. Oh, I pledge pledge alance to the lamb. Let's sing this verse now. This is our verse. But now the years have come and all the years have gone and the cause of our Jesus in this morning still goes on and now our time has come. Oh just count the thoughts. Oh, to reject this old world and to embrace the cross one by one and one by one. Let us live our lives. Oh, to the one who died. Yes. this again last night until that trumpet sounds on that day. Oh, let us proudly. Oh, let's all sing this morning and let's bully say all that we pledge alance. Oh yes. Hallelujah. With all my strength, and with all with all we are, I will sing to honor his command. Oh, I pledge alance [Music] to the rain. when I will see the two on earth is coming. Oh, I pledge alent to the lamb. Hallelujah. Oh yes. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. Pledge allegiance to the lamb that was slain before the foundation of the world. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, praise God. Aren't Aren't you glad? Amen. That we have that right this morning. Amen. Not a man-made constitution like we have in America, but it's it was paid for by blood. Amen. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God this morning. Praise the Lord. And man, beautiful day outside. The sun's shining. And most importantly, he's here because if he wasn't here, it'd just be another service. Amen. So, we're certainly thankful that the Lord's here this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Look forward to the word this morning. Amen. Brother Jerry's going to come and speak for us and just look forward to it. Amen. How many's ready to have church this morning? Amen. You're ready to have a good time in God's presence. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's what we come to do. Amen. Come to worship the Lord this morning. Amen. And hear from him. Amen. We just have a few prayer requests this morning. Amen. How many knows that we serve a God that's able to take care of each and every single need? He knows all about it. Amen. before I ever written before it was ever written down even what we think about he he knows all about it and he cares he cares that much about aren't you glad about that amen so thankful that he does that thank so thank for his care this morning amen this is a request from uh sister Wilma she says to pray for me uh I went to the doctor he told me my blood cells are losing oxygen amen thanks sister Wilma so remember sister in prayer that God just be with her and touch her god bless you God bless you Sister woman. Amen. This is from brother and sister Gomez. Uh prayer for Linda Devilla. I hope I said that right. Uh prayer for Linda Dvilla for the Lord's will. Amen. So remember her in prayer that God would just be with her this morning. God will meet that request and that need. [Music] Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is from Sister Stephanie. says, "To please remember my friend Heather and to pray for my sister-in-law Shelley Morgan and also for Gilbert Laney to come back to the Lord." Amen. God bless Sister Stephanie. Amen. Remember that Sister Stephanie in prayer. Amen. God's able to meet that need. Amen. We believe that with all our hearts, don't we? Amen. Praise God. This is a request for safe travels for brother and sister Hannah and family. They they are in service at literal life today, brother Paul Fontaine's church. So remember, Amen. the Hammond uh this morning that God would just be with them, protect them, keep them safe. Also, this is from sister Naomi says, "Prayers for my family and lost souls." Amen. Praise the Lord. That's our heart's desire. We want to see those to come to the Lord and know him in a real personal way in the power of his resurrection. Amen. Amen. How many has a need? Amen. I Amen. I I have a need this morning of him, too. Amen. We We all have our hands lifted. Amen. Amen. Brother David Crest Jr., would you come? Amen. Brother, and lead us some prayer. Amen. We certainly appreciate the crestes. Amen. What they mean to us. Amen. God bless him. Amen. Bless you, brother. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, just so so wonderful, Lord, to be able to come into your presence, Lord, once more and gathered, Lord, with the saints, Lord, to like precious faith, Lord, and just just be able to take this time, Lord, to look to you, Lord, and just a time designated aside, Lord, just communion and fellowship with you, Lord. And Lord, just thinking this morning, Lord, as we approach, Lord, the Memorial Day and just just to honor the ones that Lord has fallen for the country, Lord, and for freedom, Lord, we just Lord, that's a wonderful cause, Lord. But as we sing about the ones that have have fallen before us, Lord, to to pave the way, Lord, for this glorious life, Lord, that we live now, Lord, and the freedom we can have in you, Lord. And we just want to take a moment, Lord, just to say thank you, Lord, for the ones that have gone on before us, Lord. Lord, just for the cross of Christ, Lord, and for Lord, your purpose, Lord, the ones that, Lord, has paved the way, Lord, that we could have, Lord, the freedom that we do today, Lord, to live in you. And of course, Lord, the how you came, Lord, and just paid the ultimate price, Lord. We just want to say thank you, Lord, for the for the life you live, Lord, and for for the moment you was born, Lord. just the the sacrifice you gave Lord in living Lord your life Lord for us Lord so we could have the example Lord of the life Lord before us Lord how how you would have us live Lord and we just Lord our goal Lord is just just be that life Lord on display Lord to a lost and dying world Lord we just we love you Lord we just thank you Lord we just Lord commit this service to your your your hands Lord and just have you to ask you Lord Lord, to have your way, Lord, and just pray for Brother Jerry, Lord, as he come, Lord. We just, Lord, we just have just really appreciate his ministry, Lord, and the gift you placed within him, Lord. But, Lord, once again, we're here to to, Lord, hear from you, Lord, and just ask, Lord, Brother Jerry could just get himself out of the way, Lord, that you could just use the gift you've given him, Lord, and placed within him, Lord, just to minister directly to the needs, Lord, and desires, Lord, of your people, Lord. We just thank you for this time, Lord. And Lord for the prayer requests Lord each and every one Lord is on Lord the hearts of the people Lord we just commit them into your hands Lord and just Lord just ask you Lord just to move Lord in each and every Lord's situation Lord you know exactly what's needed Lord and where need to be done Lord to just bring Lord healing Lord and deliverance Lord to each and every situation Lord we just commit them into your hands Lord we love you Lord we just thank you Lord Lord, once again for this time together, Lord, pray for the tithes and offerings, Lord, that you would just bless the ones that can give, to bless the ones that can't, Lord. And just pray you'd help the ones, Lord, that also, Lord, are away, Lord, and maybe streaming today, Lord. We just ask you minister to each and everyone today. We love you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We just ask these things in your blessed name, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. But as brother comes and taking tithes and offerings. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. I just want to just uh just right before we get started this morning, I just want to just recognize amen. All of those that uh who have served in our military. Amen. Just just want to recognize them this morning. Amen. Just thank God for the freedoms. Amen. That they fought for and thank God for them and appreciate them. And could we just give them a hand this morning? Amen. Praise God. All those who fall, we thank them this morning. Amen. Thank thank the Lord that we we live in a free country where we can be able to do these things. We're so thankful for that. But most of all, we're thankful for the blood of Jesus. Amen. That sets us free. Aren't you glad about that? Praise Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song this morning. Amen. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. How many's on the battlefield this morning? Amen. How many fighters? How many soldiers we got this morning? Amen. You're still on active duty. Amen. Amen. Help me sing if you know it. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I was alone and not old. I was a sinner, too. I heard a voice from heaven saying, "There is work to do." Well, I took the master's hand and I joined that Christian band and I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Who said I'm on the battlefield for my Lord? said, "I'm on the battlefield for my Lord." Well, I promise that I I will serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I'm fighting for the kingdom, but the battle is almost won. For the trumpet will be sounding for the coming of the sun. Will I lay my arm down? I'll pick up a robe and my ground and I'll walk the streets of gold. Oh, yes we will. We're on the battlefield. How many is on the battlefield? I'm on the battlefield. [Music] for my Lord. But I promise him, but I I will serve until I die and I'm on the battlefield. Well, I left my friends in Kendrick. I was bound upon a sand. Oh, the grace of God upon me and the Bible in my hand. Oh, this lands I tried. Christ s God and I'm on a battle. Oh yes. Oh battle. I'm on the battlefield. Oh my will the battlefield will promise that I will till I die. [Music] Oh yes. Now when I met the Savior, I met him with a smile. He my wound is spirit and he only as a child and around the throne of grace and he appoints my soul face. And now I'm on the battlefield. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I'm all about for my Lord. Well, I'm promising that I I will die and I battle for my Lord. Well, I left my friends in I was bound to prom. Oh, the grace of God upon me with a Bible in my hand. Oh, in this sense I tried Christ s my God. Now I'm all my battlefield. Well, I'm on the battlefield. Oh, how long will I promise that I will Yes, soul. When we're on this battlefield, church, when we met our savior, I met him with a smile. Yes, he healed my spirit and he called me as a child. All around grace, he appoints. Aren't you glad? for my Lord on this battlefield. Oh, hallelujah. We're on this battlefield. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we promise him now. Oh, I was going to serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield. I'm looking for one more time, church. We're on the battlefield upon my will. We're on the battlefield. Oh yes, Lord. Will be promising that I I was till I die. And I'm on my Lord. I promise him. I promise that I I won't serve him till I die. And I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord this morning. How many is winning this morning? How many soldiers we got? Amen. How many's on the winning side? Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you're on the winning side? Amen. Praise God. You know how we know that? Cuz we read the end of the book. We already know what's going to happen. Amen. God God has this whole thing rigged for us this morning. Amen. Aren't you glad about that? Aren't you glad your life was rigged? Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad about that. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. I'll stand for Jesus. Let the world go by. Amen. Like this. Amen. Little song right here. Amen. That's what I want to do. How many wants to do that this morning? You want to stand for the Lord Jesus? Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. With this world full of pleasure, we are tempted in trial. The more we have here on this earth, the lesser satisfied. The only thing that's lasting strong. Oh yes. I want to stand for Jesus and let this world go by. Oh, sing for Jesus. You let the world go by. I'll pray. I'm afraid his promise. I know he will. So, we will walk together. Yes. The Lord and I. Oh, I'm going to stand for Jesus. Let this world go by like this. When it's time to depart from this old body, Lord, I don't want to hold on, but I can't leave behind. Lord, I want to be free. Yes, Lord. And sail to the sky. That's why. That's why I'm walking with my Jesus. Oh, let this world go by. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm going to stand for Jesus. Let this world and let this world go by. I wait. I wait his proise. I know he will. So, we are together. Lord, the Lord and I. Oh, I'm going to s [Music] Jesus. Oh, by this world, oh, this world full of pleasure. We are tempted and tried. Oh, the more we have here on this earth, but so satisfied. The only thing that's lasting comes from where? Our home. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm going to stand for my Jesus. Let this world let this world go by. Oh, I'm going to stand for Jesus. Let this world go. I claim I will claim his promise. I know he will be. Well, that's what he's promising. We're walk together, one communion, the Lord and I this morning, I want to stand for my Jesus. Oh, amen. Yes. Oh, when it's time to depart from this old body of mine. I don't want to I don't want to hold one thing that I can leave behind. Lord, I want to be free. Yes, Lord. S to the sky. That's why I'm walking with Jesus and this world. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Amen. I'll sing for Jesus. Ready, Lord. By your grace, Lord, I'm going to claim your promise. I love you, Lord. You left the promise. [Applause] Amen. Together. The Lord. the Lord. And I'm going to stand for Jesus. Oh, let this world go by. I'll stand for Jesus once again. I will stand for Jesus and let this world go by. That's right. I will claim his proise. I know he will supply. We walk together, my Lord and I. Oh, this morning stand for our Jesus. Let this world go by. Hallelujah. Amen. I want to stand for the Lord Jesus. Amen. How about you this morning? I want to stand for him. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. When I think about the Lord, when I think about the Lord, Amen. All he's done for us. Amen. Amen. Just thinking about him. Amen. And just worship him. Amen. Without him, we could do nothing. Amen. We love him so much. Amen. Hallelujah. Help me sing him if you know this morning. When I think about the Lord. When I think about the road, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet. Oh yes. On solid ground. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all of the honor and all the praise. Oh yes, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. When I think about the Lord. When I think about the Lord. Yes. How he saved me. How he raised me. How he filled me with the Holy Ghost. How he heal me to the uttermost. When I think about my Lord. Oh, how he p how he picked me up and turn me around. I place my feet. Aren't you glad? Solid ground church makes me want to shout. Oh hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all and all the honor and all of my praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all, all the honor and all of my praise. It makes me, it makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all my praise. Oh, makes me, it makes me want to shout. Oh, halleluah. I thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're so worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all of my praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all of the glory of all the honor and all of my praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're so worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all of the praise without the music. It makes me want to shout, "Hallelujah! Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise." One more time. It makes me want to shout. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all of the glory and all of the honor and all of the praise. It makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh Lord, when I think about you, Lord, it makes me want to shout, Lord. Makes me want to praise you, Lord Jesus. Makes me want to give you glory. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song. Such an awesome God. Such an awesome God. How many knows he's an awesome God this morning? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Help me sing it. You call the sun to [Music] rise. You lay it down to rest. Aren't you glad he does this? You hold this heart of mine. Lord, you hold my every breath. You're such an awesome God, so mighty. Lord, you're so holy, so wonderful. You're such an awesome God. He's so selfless. Lord, you're so [Music] generous, so faithful you are. Let's sing our first verse once again. Lord, you call the sun to rise. That's your God this morning. Amen. You lay it down to rest. Amen. And he holds your heart this morning. And he holds his heart of mine. Yes, Lord. You hold my bra. You're such an awesome God. He's so mighty. So [Music] holy, oh most wonderful, so wonderful. Oh, he's such an awesome God. He's so [Music] selfless. For you're so generous and so faithful. You are seated. seated in majesty. Yes, Lord. Ringing in and holiness. I know that the table is set for me. I know that he is my livinging breath. Oh, he's such an awesome God. He's so mightest Lord. He's so holy. He's so wonderful. Such an awesome such an awesome God. He's so selfless. But you're so generous and so faithful. You are. And I know nothing comes close to the Lord. The Almighty and nothing is as sweet as his life and his mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord. Oh mighty. Oh nothing, nothing is as sweet as his love. Oh nothing comes close. I know nothing comes close to the Lord. Almighty. Nothing is as sweet as his love and his mercy. No, I know nothing comes close to the Lord mighty and nothing is as sweet as his love and mercy. He's such an awesome God. He's so mighty. Yes, Lord. You're so holy. He's so wonderful. Oh, yes. Such an awesome God. He's so selfless. He's so generous and so faithful you are. [Music] And I know nothing comes close to the Lord mighty. Nothing is as sweet as his love and mercy. Nothing comes close to the Lord Almighty and nothing is as sweet as his love and mercy all together. Oh, such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy. He's so [Music] wonderful. He's such an awesome God. He's so selfless. Lord, you're so generous and so faithful. You are such an awesome God. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. It's quite overwhelming when you, you know, you step back and you look at God's grace over our lives. Amen. and how that before that even we were really fully aware, God was always aware. Amen. He always knew right where we were and coming clear from the mind of God. You know, these are things that's just beyond what our mind is able to comprehend. But I'm glad it's not based on what our minds can comprehend. There's a part by the God's grace that's given to us to be able to believe that. And that's the confidence that we have. You know, that's the that's the great thing with seeing that in the scripture of God's predestinated plan. It takes away all uncertainty. When we can see that God's plan is certain, everything that's taking place even right now, Brother Brand would make this statement over and over. He says, "Has God lost control?" No. He said God's permitting all of these agencies to work and everything is working right according to God's divine plan. To me that's the greatest thing we can do is get into the plan of God which is his word which is Christ. You know that's why I love the statement that the brother Brown had made to brother Brandham there in Shreport when brother Brandham was ministering in those closing services in ' 65. He said brother Brandham he said if people could only see what it is that you're trying to say and get in it. He said every problem would be done away with. It doesn't mean there wouldn't be problems. It's just you've got a confidence that he'll see me through. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him this morning? Amen. It's so good to be together. Amen. In his presence. And so we so appreciate that. Want to remind you, Lord willing, this this um evening here at 5:30, we're going to have a fireside fellowship. And we brother Shane had already checked it out. And so we're thankful for that and to be able to have that. And um man, this weather temperature going back and forth is something else, ain't it? Um, this morning I was sitting on the I'd been up since early. I was sitting on the couch with a blanket fireplace on. My wife comes out and she I said, "Honey, did you just turn the air conditioner on?" She said, "Yeah." I said, "I've got the fireplace on." I said, "It was 41° early this morning." But, um, I'm thankful one day this this earth's going to be lined back up. Amen. And I'm I'm glad we're going to a place we don't have to worry about furnaces and air conditions. I you know, we won't have to worry about PA equipment or nothing, you know. Amen. We're what a what a what a place we're looking forward to. And just want to say we're so thankful to have um Brother Jerry and Sister Mina and uh Michael and and Teddy. How'd you get that boy away from his mama and daddy? But it's good to have them here with us. And um so we're just so good to have each and every one. Good to have the Beamits back. I know they were in a nice sunny state of Florida. It was a brother Aaron. They had to plan that for his um his parents. And so at least that was the excuse he gave me. But um but we're just we're thankful to have them back. Thankful to have each and every one of you. I know different ones we've got as things come up. But it's always good to be together, isn't it? To me, it's always good to see one another and just just be together in service. Amen. So, um we want to um just take here just a few moments um of time here this morning. I'm going to ask my mom if she'll go ahead and come forward. And uh so this wasn't uh she didn't know anything about this or else she'd have been planning it. [Laughter] So, I I want to um That's okay. You want to come on up here? She does that to me. Yes. Oh goodness. So, we I wanted to um we wanted to give her just a a token and and it is her birthday coming up and I know every one of you have things to say about uh you your mom and that would be very fitting and I'm not really doing it so much about the birthday here but just to look for an opportunity. We had uh been able to recognize different ones that's been among us for all these years and has labored and um just a little something that um truly words itself could never really repay the the gratitude um for all the sacrifices and I say this on behalf of um myself and the church for all the years for um for believer spoken word tabernacle um from the secret from the secretarial labors uh that she's done and she did a lot of that behind the scenes and musical talents and uh remember when she had to matter of fact she took um lessons and she could already play but she brushed up a lot of things and I remember um in order to be able to play uh for us when the church was just starting in the YMCA and and then um you know over on Gary Avenue and the reason I remember had she brushed up on piano lessons cuz I had to sit in the back of the car in Lima for for a long time. But I'm but what I'm thankful for to me that was very minimal compared to the sacrifice that what she had to make. And we're thankful for that. Uh because uh brother Bill remembers how it was at times on the third on the Wednesday night services he had nobody. And it was it was truly ac cappella. And so uh we so appreciate that. And the and also you know the hearty amens. Uh she's always been one to really get in the services. It's just how mom's natured and but also the sleepless nights of prayer and uh perhaps you know most of all being a faithful companion to um to my dad and pastor James Browning from the beginning until this very day. We were looking at it and my wife and I were talking about it. mom um you know well you'll know sooner or later her birthday coming up this week and it's a great milestone but she was 37 years old when they started pastoring and uh and I say when they because you know brother Bam tells us God calls when he calls the man he calls his wife and it's the truth as well because they're that that burden to be there and we just so appreciate that and she stood right there beside him and from the seen and unseen contributions a lot of things we saw and we didn't see and everything that's been made. But I want to say on behalf of all of us, we are eternally grateful. Amen. And we love you. Amen. So appreciate you. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, it's actually been a blessing to to meet everybody and to be part of it and to watch it from the beginning and to where it's gone now. And then when brother Browning stepped down and turned it over to brother Samuel and sister Kim and all stepped in, we just thank all of you and it's been a real beautiful journey. I thank you for it. Love all of you. God bless you. Amen. God bless [Applause] you. She'll send me texts. She always I always get a text from mom before service mid mid midday on Thursday. I'm praying for you and I am looking forward with expectation. And then I'll get that on Sunday mornings and and then on you know after the service she'll tell me oh what a wonderful service. Now sometimes I think she's stretching the truth because I'll tell her I felt like many times I feel like scrambled eggs but she's always been you know encouraging in that way as well. And so, um, I just want to say we just so appreciate all that she's done. And then this coming week, she turns 80 years old. I pray if God carries Yep. I pray that I'm that spry. Yep. And able to move around at 80 years old. Amen. That's that that that would be my prayer. But I'm I'm looking forward to the rapture. How about you? I said, Lord, I I'm looking forward to that. Amen. So, we're just going to just get ready to welcome Brother Jerry. And I hope hope that was all right. I just thought that, you know, there's so many different ones that's been real pillars through the years for us here. And I think it's just so fitting uh to to recognize that. And so, we just so appreciate that. We appreciate every every one of you. I mean that every one of us have a part in what God is doing. And so, we just so we so appreciate Amen. the Lord so much. So, are you ready? Okay. So, I mean, glad to have brother Jerry here with us. God bless you. It's good to be here with you this morning. Um, first, let me say this. I, uh, I went through several years, you know, you knew from my testimony with suffering from mental illness. Uh during those times I didn't sing and uh I was having trouble with my hands so I really couldn't play the guitar back then but my hands are getting better and God's completely healed me of the mental illness and uh I know I gave my testimony here a little over a year ago and that but uh his healing power just kept working in me and uh I've uh I've been restored completely. So, I'm so thankful for that. I'll tell you, if you ever been bound by something, you know what it's like when you get freed. Yes, sir. And I've just been rejoicing because God has just set me so free from all that, you know. And uh it was uh demons tormented you you know and uh people say well demons can torment somebody that's filled with the Holy Ghost. Brother Ram actually said that. He said that a manuh he said could be born again. And he said demons torment him and put him out of his mind. He said but it has nothing to do with his soul. His soul is still uh redeemed. His soul is still filled with the Holy Ghost. And but I I believe we got a we serve a risen savior with a power today that can deliver us and heal us from all the sicknesses that that Satan can send our way. And I'm so thankful for that. Uh so you just prayed. I haven't played in a long time. So I've been practicing a little bit. But uh there's a couple of songs I want to sing today. I'll perhaps sing one now before I preach and then one afterwards. Uh so you just uh bear with me and uh but this song uh these are a couple of songs that my son Nathaniel introduced to the group back home and uh this particular song means so much uh because to me it speaks of you know you go through hard times sometimes you go through hard trials and battles and things you know but uh and like Jesus said there's times when people speak ill love you and tell lies on you and everything else. But he says when they're doing that, rejoice in that day. And so I wanted to sing this song uh for you. Lord, I thank you for sunshine. I thank you for rain. I thank you for joy and I thank you for pain. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. Lord, I thank you for sunshine. I thank you for rain. I thank you for joy and I thank you for pain. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. Sometimes when life is [Music] good, but troubles come my way. Whenever it happens, Lord, I thank you for this day. And when I'm feeling troubled, I lift up my hands and pray that your will be done in the rain or sun. Oh, it's a beautiful day. Lord, I thank you for sunshine. I thank you for rain. I thank you for joy. I thank you for praying. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. Lord, I thank you for sunshine. I thank you for rain. I thank you for joy. I thank you for praying. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. I give thanks when I'm feeling lonely. I give thanks when I'm feeling glad. I give thanks in the morning, thanks in the evening, thanks when I'm feeling sad. Lord, I thank you for sunshine. I thank you for rain. I thank you for joy. Thank you for pain. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. Lord, I thank you for sunshine. I thank you for rain. I thank you for joy. I thank you for pain. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. It's a beautiful day. [Music] [Applause] Amen. I'm a little rusty on the guitar. But uh you know it says make a joyful noise. I was happy while I was resting. So amen. Praise the Lord. It's it's good to be here in the house of the Lord with you again. And and I just thinking as my brother was recognizing my mom, he mentioned she was 37 when uh started the the church here pastoring and that and I was uh I was 19. And uh I I was 19 that that was it was actually uh the Sunday previous to Labor Day. Uh 1982 was the very first service that we had and it was over at the family Y and uh we uh had the first service there and we had to we had to pull the curtains. the room, the one whole wall was just nothing but glass. And we had to pull the curtains because there was people going swimming in the pool while we were having service and they were walking by in their bathing suits, you know, and so we had to pull the curtain and that. And uh I I remember that first service very much. And I I remember many that were there. I I remember you, Sister Stephanie. You Sister Stephanie showed up first service in a sundress. And and so I I I remember that. And uh Amen. and Sister Rita and and I I remember Sister Joe and brother Herb and and and different ones, you know, that that were there. And uh the ones that that started to come in and uh you know, we uh uh I was just a boy. I was just a kid. I was just 19. And uh you know I uh uh mom and dad they lived uh down around Salina, Ohio and were traveling up every weekend you know and uh so I uh I started going over to these sisters that come I started taking my wife me and sister mean we go over to their house to visit them and meet their husbands and uh and so I just found out whatever their husbands was what their interest was uh uh you if it was pitbulls or whatever it was, I that's what I talked about, you know, and uh I never talked about, hey, you you're a sinner. You need to get saved. You need to come to church. I just went over and just was a reflection of the life as best I could. And you know, it it it you know, the Bible said we're to be salty. Our lives be salty. Not not what you say necessarily, but you're let your life be salty. And I'll tell you what, if there's anybody out there thirsting after Jesus and you've got Jesus, you know, there is a path to life. And so, uh, you know, it just I remember that of really fond memories, you know, and I was 19, you know, I'm 62 years old now. And so, uh, you know, I know some of you that's older than me, you probably look at me and say, "Well, you're not that old." Well, I tell you what, I feel old. And, uh, and I feel old every Every night when I climb into bed and and I I climb into bed and I moan and groan because I I feel pain from the relief of the pressure of standing on my legs and uh you know and then when I go to get up I moan and groan because I'm feeling the pressure coming back on them old legs and and you know you you ache and everything else and and it takes you forever to recover you know of anything you try to do you know and uh if you do some kind of labor outside working on your roof or something like that. Well, you feel like you got run over by a truck and uh you know and I just uh so a lot of years has went past a lot of waters went under the bridge. Amen. But I'll tell you this friends, you know, I feel like that on the outside, but I don't feel like that on the inside. On the inside, I feel young, you know, and when I look in the mirror, you know, I see a stranger because in my mind, I don't look like this. In my mind, I look like I looked when we started this church. And and I had hair back then, by the way. And uh so, uh you know, so and one day, you know what? One day, uh this outside body is going to match that again. Amen. We're going back. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's pray and then we'll we'll stand and read the scripture. Heavenly Father, we thank you to be here this morning, dear God. And we ask, God, you to guide us now through your word, dear God, in this message you've laid in our heart, dear Lord. And we ask that you would receive all glory and honor in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. I want to read my text from John chapter 3:es 1-8. And uh uh what what I want to title this this morning is you must be converted. Now many times we say you must be born again, but I want to go into a little more depth on what that means. And so I entitled it you must be converted. Amen. Uh there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews. The same came to Jesus by night and said unto him, "Rabbi, we know thou art a teacher come from God. For no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him." Jesus answered and said unto him, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." Nicodemus said unto him, "How can a man be born when he's old, can he enter the second time into his mother's womb and be born?" Jesus answered, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. That which is born of the flesh is flesh. That which is born of the spirit is spirit. Marvel not that I say to thee, you must be born again. The wind bloweth where it listen, and thou hears the sound thereof, but canth tell whence it cometh, and whether it goeth. So is everyone that is born of the spirit." Amen. You may be seated. There's another scripture I would like you I'd like to read to you as you're se being seated. It's Luke chap 22. And we're going to read verses 31-34. And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan had desired to have you that he might sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fell not. And when thou art converted, and that word there, converted, you look it up in the the Greek, it means turned about strengthen when when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren. And he said unto him, Lord, I'm ready to go with thee both into the prison and to death. Peter was very honest and sincere here. This is exactly what Peter's thought was. Peter wasn't, you know, telling a fib or something. This is Peter believed what he was saying. Yeah. He was very sincere about it. And he said, "I tell thee, Peter, the shall crow this day before thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me." Amen. Now he he says that Peter he says you when you are converted now you you realize that uh Peter he had been called friends he he he had been called by Jesus he'd been drawn by the father Peter was saved you know Peter Peter was sanctified because Jesus remember Jesus I believe it's in Matthew 10 Peter says father I sanctif ify these that that you've called unto me through thy word. So he was sanctified. Peter was commissioned. Peter the gift of being uh of preaching was all had already been manifest and being used. Peter went out and preached in Jesus' name. Peter healed the sick in Jesus' name. Peter Peter uh uh uh cast out devils in Jesus' name. Peter raised the dead in Jesus's name. You know, uh all actually all of those remember he sent the 70 out and they were doing this. They were doing all of these works. Also remember in their midst among them also doing the same thing was Judas. That's good. He was doing all of these things, but then Jesus looks around him and said, "You're not even converted yet. He recognized and actually said that Peter had faith. He says, "I pray." He says that that uh uh thy faith fell not. Peter had faith. But Jesus said, "But when thou art converted, strengthen the brother." Now what does this word converted means? Brother Brandham says that word converted means to change to be changed. You know many times we use the word converted meaning somebody changes from one religion to the other. Preaching. Yeah. But but but this is more than just changing religions. This is not just uh turning over a new leaf. That's right. Amen. You know, many people, friends, what they do, they come to God and and actually their commitment isn't really any deeper than like a New Year's resolution. They they make a promise. I'm going to change. I'm going to do better. I'm going to quit doing these things that I know is wrong, and I'm I'm going to live better. And here's the thing. For for a time, they can actually pull it off. Brother Benham said, but brother Benham said that what they're doing is they're impersonating. Hallelujah. But there's nothing to hold them. Hallelujah. Brother Random said he was talking in the message of Israel in the church and he said talking about Billy Graham and some of them would go and preach in places and they would say you know we get 20,000 converts in two weeks. He says and then two weeks later would come back he says and we can't find 20 and and brother Brandham said to them said well they wasn't converted and they said well they accepted Christ as their personal savior. Brother said they're still not converted. They're not converted until to convert means to change. And then he brings out in this message about Peter. Peter believed. He'd been baptized, been given power to heal the sick, cast out devils, raised the dead. He says, "But then the night before the crucifixion, Jesus told him, when you're converted, strengthen the brethren." right? Done all these things and wasn't born again. Now, when we use the term born again, you say, "Oh, yeah, I know. He hadn't received the Holy Ghost yet because they hadn't went uh, you know, to uh the upper room and been endued with the power from on high." So, so we know that. But make this connection here that Brother Brandham's making. He preached, he believed, he was baptized. Look friends, brother Rab said you can shout, you can dance, you can do all these things, speak in tongues. He says, but that's not your proof that you have been converted, born again, actually sealed by the Holy Ghost of promise. Hallelujah. That's right. Remember the 70 came back and they were actually shouting and rejoicing that the devils were subject to them. And Jesus said, "Don't rejoice cuz devils are subject to you." He said, "But rejoice because your names are written in heaven." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Friends, look, you can get the a baptism, let me say it this way, of the Holy Ghost out on your spirit realm and on your flesh. That's what makes people look shouting and dancing. That's wonderful. Brother Graham says, "I believe in it, but it's not the evidence." I want you to realize something, friends. The baptism of the Holy Ghost to the bride is the baptism without sensation. I'm not against sensation. I'm not against emotion. I'm an emotional person. I can't get happy without showing it. Right. That's good preaching. You know, some people get upset and they just get quiet and walk off and don't say anything. That's not me. I'm sorry. I'm an emotional person. I I I show it. So, I'm not against emotions, but the emotions are not your proof. That's right. Anybody can get emotional. That's right. Yeah. That's right. friends. I I've been in services where I have seen people that and I'm not talking about Pentecostal or organizations out here and all that. I'm talking about so-called message uh proclaimed churches. I've been in churches where they used music to get people riled up to dance. I danced with them. I was 15 years old out there dancing in the aisle. said, "Did you feel the presence and power of God?" I sure did. But I wasn't changed. That's right. That's good. I've seen them perform miracles and then turn around and walk away and leave this message. That's right. That's right. Walk completely away from even serving Jesus Christ. and yet perform miracles, friends, that I witnessed with my own eyes. I was in a service one time. They carried a man in on a stretcher. He couldn't even walk. He He had injured his back. Couldn't move. They carried him in on a stretcher, carried him up there in the front. The the the pastor came down and prayed for him, and off that God he came and ran around that church. I chased him. I was 15 years old. I've also saw the complete auditor side where they got people that try to use quotes and things from church order to completely squash all the motions. Don't dare say amen out loud. Wow. I remember we were attending a church like that once and and my dad got kind of happy during the service, you know, kind of rejoicing while the preacher was preaching and afterwards the deacon come up there and said, "I thought we was going to have to come down and set you down." Why? That's good. That's good. I was in a camp meeting one time. Me and my brother was sitting. We were sitting with my dad at this camp meeting and brother Biscll was preaching. All right. Now, the majority of the folks at this camp meeting, they was quiet folks. Some of them had come from this quiet church that I told you about. And and so they didn't believe in all this displaying stuff. And I'll tell you what, brother Bis got to preaching and I couldn't keep my seat. My brother couldn't keep his seat. We kept jumping up and amen and standing up and and amening him and things, you know, and all that, you know, and uh and people were just looking and looking and looking, you know, and and so another brother was from my church was visiting too. He said, he said, the deacon come up and said something to me. He said, "How come the deacon didn't come up and say something to you and your brother?" I said, "Cuz he saw my dad sitting there." Yes, sir. But you know what? Here they were just kind of sitting there like that and brother Bill Cook preaching. After a bit, brother William said, "What's the matter with you people? Every one of you should be on your feet." You can rejoice. I believe in rejoicing the word, friends. Yes, sir. But I'll tell you what, I've seen people rejoice. Devils can rejoice. That's not the evidence that you actually have been converted and filled, sealed with the Holy Ghost of promise. That's so good. Brother Brandham says it it has to be something supernatural that happens down inside your soul. It's a supernatural thing. Yes, sir. You know, you you know why people want to point to tongues or they want to point to, you know, I look, I have heard message preachers get up and say, "Boy, I tell you, I felt like rain falling down over me when I got the Holy Ghost." Maybe they did. I don't know. But that's not your evidence. I had another one get up and say, "Boy, I tell you what, a chill went all the way up my spine when I got the Holy Ghost." I was amazed sitting out there thinking, "And you believe this message and that's what you're telling these young people." It was at a young people's meeting. Yeah, brother. That might have happened, but that's not your evidence. That's right. That's good. Good. Hallelujah. The evidence says something changes down in here. Not just something not you just changing something on the outside. Look in in in in in in Ezekiel God said I'll give you a new spirit. Brother says many people come and they get that they come up they get saved. They get sanctified. He said, "And they and they get the new spirit and they think that's the Holy Spirit." He said, "That's not the Holy Spirit." He said, "That's just God giving you a new spirit." He said, "With your old spirit, you couldn't get along with your neighbor." He said, "Some of y'all couldn't even get along with yourselves with that old spirit." He said, "So, you sure couldn't get along with God or the Holy Spirit in you. God couldn't give you the Holy Spirit until he gave you a new spirit. The new spirit in your triune being. That's right. That's good. That's so good. And people get that and and they feel good. You know, and and they get, you know, what happens, friends? They come in and actually the this the the spirit of of the devil that's in them or on them, it leaves. The Bible says it leaves on its own. That's right. That's right. That's good preaching. That's right. Yes, sir. Yeah. And then here's this vessel. It's been called, justified. It's been sanctified, cleaned out. The unclean spirit has gone out of a man, right? But then the unclean spirit, the Bible says, it walks in dry places and finding no place to rest, says, "I'll return again to mine house." Amen. And it comes back and it finds this house, this body, finds it cleaned, scoured out, but it's still empty. The good man of the house hasn't moved in. Nobody has taken their abode there. That's good. That's so good. This person comes to church, friends. This look, read the message. Brother Bam talked about why people are so tossed about. Right. You see people up and down in they come into church and boy they get on fire and look they are sincere and they'll they'll say just like Peter said, "I'll go all the way with you." And they mean it in their heart. They believe they mean it. But the problem is that house stays empty. They don't have an anchor in their soul. They don't have nothing in there to hold them. [Music] That's so good. I was talking to somebody one time, you know, and and they were talking about an individual uh that they knew and they said it was one their son-in-law and they were saying, "Look what he done and all this and he went out and he he committed adultery. He had done all these other things and everything else." And I I said, "Well, he didn't have the Holy Ghost." Right? And and this person said to me, "Well, no, no, he had the Holy Ghost." Said, "But he lost it." See, their their whole thing was his proof to whether he had it. The supposedly spoke in tongues. Said, "But he lost it." And so, I didn't argue nothing. I just asked I said, "How about what is what about Ephesians 4:30 where it says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you've been sealed until the day of your religion or your redemption. sealed into the day of your redemption. That that caused the individual to kind of stop and really think and consider that they they were a Bible reader, you know, look friend, that this was somebody that that didn't really know this end time truth. But here, I'll give you something to shock you. There's people that say they believe this message and this end time truth that believe people can lose the Holy Ghost. Yeah, I've sat right in the home where where men accused their pastor of losing the Holy Ghost because he got a little upset at one of them talking in the back room with them. I I spoke up and I said, "Brothers, hold on. Hold on. You can't lose the Holy Ghost." I said, "It said you are sealed into the day of your dreams." You're sealed. Yes, sir. And they said, "Well, what about brother Bram saying about, you know, that that that nature and then and the dove will take its flight." I said, he was talking about the presence. That's totally different than the Holy Ghost. The pre God can pull his presence back from you to correct you, get your attention. But once you've been born again, once you've been converted, you are sealed. [Applause] Friends, listen. If it is, if you could lose it, then what confidence do we have that we'll even be able to make it? How could we say that it was the title deed? How could we say that it was the proof that we're going to have a body change if we could lose it? I can't believe message preachers, some of them preaching things like that. Wow. I'm not downing them, friends. I pray that God will open their eyes to it. Cuz I'll tell you this, friends. Look, if you're preaching wrong to your people and the people are feeding on something that's wrong, you know, you know what the what Brother Bam said? He said, "False teachers bring false births." He said, "False prophets bring false births." They bring a birth to the church. They bring a birth to something else. That's good. Listen, listen to the message brother Bam preached about path of life. Brother Bam goes into and he talks about here's that unic down there and he's reading the scripture. All right. And Philillip comes and sees him and Philip says understand what thou readest and the unic says how can I except some man guide me? Yeah, brother goes in that into a message called a guide. How can I except some man guide me? Brother said there is a path of life. Amen. Now, no man, no preacher can actually uh give you or make you born again. But it's the word of God that you're birthed by. And if that and if that word is coming through a vessel that hasn't been born again and birthed, then that vessel can't bring you to a birth. You cannot get birth through a through the the word coming through a preacher that ain't been born again. That's right. Amen. That's right. That's right. So good. My dad always taught me. He said, "Look, these these preachers," he says that they they they've got wrong spirits on them. He says, "And they go out and they they they they commit adultery. They do all these things on the side in secret nobody knows about." He said, "Then they come in and preach to the people." He said, "When that word is going out from them, that spirit's going out from them, too." He said, "You watch that spirit show up on people in the church." Wow. That's right. That's right. Brother Random said, "Many times people take on that man's spirit rather than God's spirit." That's right. So good. Hallelujah. Amen. The path of life. Friends, look, I'm going to tell you something. You've got to be sitting under a ministry in this end time that's actually born again. Amen. It don't matter how good they can preach. It doesn't matter how much it makes you happy and rejoice to hear them preach. We have witnessed and seen men around this message. Really great, tremendous preachers, good speakers, turn around and walk away from this message. Absolutely. Yeah. And then they they actually show their colors because they can't just walk away. They've got to put out videos or or or write stuff online and post things that's anti the message. Trying to expose it is wrong. Expose the prophet is wrong. [Music] And yet they were great, tremendous preachers. men would different churches would invite them in to preach special meetings and things like that and the churches would get backed out from people coming all around to come and hear him preach. People say, "Well, you a preacher could preach and not have the Holy Ghost." Gifts and callings are without repentance. Yes, sir. Let me give you a message title. False anointed ones at the end time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, they're called. Now, there's been many out there we say, well, you know what? They weren't even called. My mom used to say, well, we came out and said there was many of them. She said that were what did it say? Mama called and papa sent and some just packed up their bags and went. That's good. That's good. But there there's many they actually born with that gift in their life. I'll tell you what friends, you take somebody that's born with a gift to preach in their life, they are the best salesman in the world. Yeah, buddy. You put them with a Kirby in their hand and they'll sell it to you. Put them on a car lot. Sold. Why? It's a gift that's there. Now, I'm not selling you anything. What I got's free. How can you help? How can you help but buy into that? All you got to do is accept it. Receive it. Friend, there ain't nothing you got to do. The Holy Ghost, being born again, being converted, it don't cost you nothing. It's without money and without price. It's a promise. [Applause] It is a gift to you. It's not something you got to earn. Now, of course, you got to come the way of the word to it. Repent. repent, be baptized, but see, many people do that and then they stop right there. And they come in and they're rejoicing in church with you. And friends, they they can be here for for months or they can be here for years or or whatever. Look, friends, I have sojourneyed with people in this message over the years I've been in it that sojourned them many years and next thing you know, they're gone. I like if anybody was going to be there and stay, they were. Now, sure, we've seen the fly by nights come. You know, they're in today and out tomorrow. You know, it grieves us when we we have people come in and we accept him in as our brother or our sister, you know, and and and and they're our friend, you know, and and and we feel like we're traveling together, you know, and then it grieves us. Not that that we feel like they done something against us, but it grieves us because we see they've walked away from something so awesome. And what did they give it up for? Nothing. That's amazing. Death. I have had people leave the church because they, you know, they didn't want to give a $100 a month for tithing. And I said, "Well, you know, Judas sold out for 30 pieces of silver." Some people sold out, brother Bam said, for a lot less. Some people sell out for things that ain't even money. Let me tell you something. Legalism, brother. Listen, Paul talks about legalism in Colossians the 2 chapter. Paul says this, "Taste not, do not, drink not, eat not." You know, that's not what this is. It's not a bunch of don'ts. That's right. Amen. That's right. I'll tell you what, a a legalistic religion. It It centers on telling you all the things you can't do. Yeah. As a law laid down as a law. That's good. So good. But the thing about it is people can do those things. And you say, "Well, are they wrong or right or what?" Look, like for instance, women don't cut your hair, wear long hair. They can do that. Wear long dresses. They do that. Men have your haircuts and different, you know, the different things we can lay out that that we realize. We say, "Well, this is message doctrine. This is message teaching. This is teaching doctrine of the Bible." And they can keep all those things. Many message people, they keep that. They come in to the message, you know, and they get sanctified and they just start keeping a set of laws. And that's what's preached to them. I went to a church years ago, friend. Every Sunday night, I had to go up to the altar and get saved. It's what I felt like. If you didn't come up to the altar, people in the church looked at what's wrong with you. This wasn't a Pentecostal church. This was a message church. I'm not throwing off on him. I used to feel so condemned. Say, "Were you making mistakes and all that?" Yeah, I was. And I can also tell you this. I wasn't born again and I didn't know it. Every Sunday night, I was up there weeping and crying, saying, "God, forgive me." Sure, if we make mistakes, we ask God to forgive us. But I'm going to tell you something, friends. You can live a victorious life in God. You're going to make mistakes. You're going to you're going to see. Here's the thing, friends. When you are born again converted, this old boy don't get converted. That's why the Bible says we can't come and meet the Lord in this body of flesh that we're living in. This flesh cannot inherit the kingdom. That's why we need a body change. We need a new body to match the new us on the inside. And when you are truly born again, sealed by the spirit of promise, that is your evidence that you're going to have that body change because this body has got to match what's happened on the inside. That is your evidence that one day you're going to step from this human spirit into a theophony. Amen. Amen. But in the same scripture that Paul covers that in in in second Corinthians, you go drop on down and then Paul goes into talking about those who don't get converted. And he said on the day of judgment, they'll stand there before God in the bodies that they sinned in. That's right. Yeah. But he said, "If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we've got a house waiting. A house not built with hands." Amen. Hallelujah. Prepared by God for us. A new body. Friends, look, this old body has done some really awful things. But this old body, I'm going to drop this thing. It's going to have it's going to have a jubilee molecular change. All these molecules has got out of sync, you know, out of orbit that causes me to get sick and be subject to the sicknesses and things of this world, all that's going to be brought back into the right correct orbit. Amen. Molecules are going to realign and my body's going to change and I'll never die. My body will never die. I've already been changed and can't die. Hallelujah. I just We just need to have a body that'll match that. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Brother says this in in the message of Israel in the church. He says not any fleshly demonstration or emotion, amen, is your evidence. He says something has got to happen down here that you have been changed and it changes your nature. Amen. Now you know look in the message why people so talks about brother talks about these people as I was saying they they come in and they they seem like they're rejoicing seem like they're believers going on and and they're there with you and that and the next thing you know they're out and then sometime they're back and then they're out and then they're back and every time they're like I know I got to get back in church. I just want to get back in church. Some of them, the thing is, friend, they're just it's just cycling because they get tired of the stuff they're doing. They get tired of what's happening. They get actually get tired of facing the consequences of what they're doing. And that's how this whole world is today. Nobody wants to be responsible for their own actions. They don't want to pay the consequences. If you ask them to pay the consequences, then all of a sudden there's something wrong with the police force. There's something wrong with the judge. You're be not being fair. I'll tell you this friends, none of them arguments that they present today is going to hold up on the day of judgment. They are not going to be able to come up before Almighty God and say, "You're just slinging out women. You're just being prejudice. You're you're you're just being this. You're being unfair. Brother Bam says this. He said, Brother Bam talks about and friends, he says there's a man-made homemade fig leaf religion. I preached on that some time ago and got to pointing at different quotes of brother Brandham bringing that out and brother Brandham saying about people that are teaching their children this is the way and this is how you do it. this is how you accept it. He says, "And they're teaching them wrong." I got to look that night. I thought about all the people around this message teaching their kids, look, as long as I love you and you love me, you can be there. Live like a devil, it's okay. I love you. All that ever loved brother Brandham and brother Vam L is going to be there on that day. They take isolated quotes. Jesus said, "If you love me, keep my commandments." I can tell you this, friend. If they can't even live the messages that Brother Brandham brought, they don't love him. That's right. Brother Brandham talked about people like that. He said, "These young people being taught things like that." He says, he says, "They're going to be disappointed on the day of judgment." He said, "On the day of judgment, they're going to be standing there saying, I have a right to be up there because of what they were taught deceived by the by the previous generation of message believers. Why? Why do people do that? It's their filio love. Yes, sir. They they so want their loved ones, their children and wants to be saved that they give over to their emotion. They give over to the gate of affection in their spirit which can be affected by the devil. Infected by the devil actually. Yeah. The devil can inject thoughts into there. Look at this. Brother Brandham, when his his wife was dying, he said she was laying down in the mor. Right. And he said, and he was standing there by his little baby, Sharon Rose, and she was dying. He said, the devil, he said, come and begin to talk to me. He says, and he was saying, look here, your baby's dying. Your wife's already dead down there in the morg. He said, your daddy died. He said, your brother died. all these things and you say God loved you. Brother Bam said what he was doing was he was working on this outer man. He was working on this outside and he said I got to reasoning on the outside of what the devil was telling me. He said but then something down in here spoke and said where did you come from? How did you get here? How did you even get to this? You came from a bunch of drunkards. That's right. Who brought you here? Who gave you that wife? Who gave you that child? Who gave you your life? Brother Adam said, he said, when that come up, he said, I said, though he slay me, yet will I serve him. There was something. What happened that supernatural that had made that change on the inside of him? It spoke out. Come past this outer court, came past this outer realm and spoke out. Broke through the realm that Satan could affect. Out came something that Satan couldn't touch. Praise God. Satan can't get to your soul when it's been sealed by the Holy Ghost. You're sealed to the day of redemption. People come in friends and brother Brandham said and people why people so tossed about said the problem is you know they come in he talks about the the the three room house right he says you know we've got and you know brother Brandham I'm breaking it down in a way because he would say I'm in a mixed audience so I'm going to break it down this way and he says we've got he says the kitchen he says and you sit there and you eat and things he said then you move on in to the living room he says in the living room you have fellowship. He said, "But then you go on into the bedroom and that's where you have the relationship." And he said, "That's the way that the that that it was set up. God had Moses to construct the tabernacle in the wilderness according to this." There was the outer court, friends. It was subject to the elements of the of the of the earth. If the sun was shining, it was bright and glorious and a beautiful day. When the sun went down, it was dark out there. People that live out there and their friends, they're up one day and down the next. They're affected by everything that's coming and going. My dad used to always say, "Don't be a thermometer." He said, "Be a thermostat." He said, "A thermometer is affected by the atmosphere, but a thermostat can create an atmosphere. [Applause] Then you move on into the next room, the inner court, the shoe bread, the countersticks, and it's lit up by the light from those seven candlesticks. Right? Sometimes it gets a little smoky, gets a little dim in there. People come to that, they've been justified. They're out here to the fin. They came on into sanctification. And many people stop there. They get a new spirit. They feel great. They feel free. They feel relieved because the unclean spirits left. But they never go on into the holiest of holies where the relationship with God. A personal relationship between you and God has to take place. Let me take you to another scripture. Matthew chapter 7. In Matthew chapter 7, Jesus says, "Many will come to me in that day." Talking about the day of judgment. Many will come to me in that day and say, "Lord, Lord, have not we done all these mighty works in your name?" Brother Adam said, Jesus never denied they done the works. That's good. But he looked at him and said, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity, for I never knew you. Now you take that to what what is the meaning of that word in in the biblical sense that God used it. It was having a relationship. That's good. I never knew you. You never came on in to the Holies of Holies. The bedroom. Brother said, "Look, God is longing for somebody to come make love to him. You never come in and died out to this flesh. Amen. Hallelujah. That's so good. You got to die to go in there. Amen. And you got to want it. I'll tell you this, friend. I don't look, I don't know you people here today, your your status of where you are with God, but but let me tell you this, friend. Look, don't sit here and feel condemned if you're sitting here and thinking, "I don't got the Holy Ghost." Get it. It's a promise to you. Look, get desperate. Right. Listen, I had some things happen in my life some years ago, many, many years ago. And uh it caused me to question myself. And I'd also saw some preachers that I had confidence in. They they' done things that came out committing adultery and things. And it really throw me for a loop. and and I looked and and and and there was something that had happened in my life that made me start doubting myself. And so I I started searching, God, I got to have an answer to this. And so I I thought, well, how can I overcome these things that that that that I'm falling prey to, these traps? How can I overcome it? So I thought, well, I go to the message, how can I overcome? And so I listened to that message, how can I overcome? Wonderful message. It didn't answer my question that I had. So, why didn't it answer your question? I didn't have what it took to do that. So, I still had this question. So, uh I uh as it kept going on, I thought, you know, this is the thing. It was kind of I don't have the Holy Ghost. I ain't been born again. So, you've been preaching? Yeah, I'd been preaching. I started preaching when I was 21, but I realized I'm not born again. If I was born again, I wouldn't have done this stuff. Lord, I got desperate and and and and I went on a trip down to West Virginia, you know, and and my grandmother way back then, she was still alive. And and and I went and stayed at her house uh in Danville, West Virginia. And she had a little room I stay in up upstairs. And I went up there, friends, and I got desperate before God, and I got to praying. And I said, "God, I know I ain't got it, and I got to have it. I'm gonna die without it. I don't want to do all these other things. I don't want to fall prey to these things that I have fell prey to before. God, I know I ain't got it. I got to have it. I want it. And I ain't quitting until I get it." And friends, I prayed and I prayed until I got so tired, I couldn't stay awake. And I fell asleep. Next thing I knew, I woke up. I stand in the middle of the floor and I I was shouting and praising God and and so I thought, "Well, no." And so I just kept on praying. I started praying again. Lord, I got to have it. This ain't good enough for me. Just feeling good ain't good enough, God. I got to have it. I got to have an assurance that I got it. I got to know that I know, God. I got to have something. You know, this is the thing about us as humans. It's why people they want to base it on an emotion or or you know a feeling an experience they had in their feelings or they want to base it on speaking in tongues or somebody they want to base it on something that's tangible to the human reasoning look no if reasoning could give you the evidence that you have the Holy Ghost then reasoning can also tell you you ain't got it right amen And I already told you you if you get it, you can't lose it. Reasoning can't take it away from you. So reasoning can't give it to you. You know that old song we sing, the devil didn't give it to me, and the devil can't take it away. [Applause] Hallelujah. So I look, I I it can't be because of of preaching, praying, people getting healed. It can't be because of miracles. It can't be because I felt happy. It can't be because I spoke in tongues to rejoice. It can't be that. I got to have an assurance that goes way beyond anything that I can actually be reasoned out of. That's right. I friends look I was desperate. I said, "Look, I don't want to do things I've done before. I need God. I need something that is going to hold me that I got confidence. I want an ultimate I want an anchor. I want to be I want to be anchored in the rock. I don't want an anchor that's just dragging along the bottom of the ocean. I want something that gets a hold of something. I want something to get a hold of me. I was uh sometime later after that, I was down I was preaching in Florida at St. Augustine at brother Homer Brown's church and uh he he was always busy in his office and I stayed with him in his home. He had a little single wide trailer. I was staying there with him and his wife and so sometimes during the day I had to keep entertain myself, you know. So, he had spoken word books all over the house, you know, and so I think I found one on the back of the toilet and uh and I picked it up and I just started to read it, you know, and uh and and and as I got to reading it, I thought, "Oh, man. I got to read this whole thing." And and and so I went to brother Homer, I said, "Brother Homer, you got another one of these? I need to keep this. I need a copy of this." He said, "You can have that one, brother." The message was, "And knoweth it not." Boy, you can get a lot just from that from that title. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In that message, Brother Bram talks about he says, "You take a woman that's out here not dressing right, wearing shorts and hair bobbed off and everything else, but she spoke in tongues." Said, "Try to tell her she ain't got the Holy Ghost." See that? That's He said that's her ultimate that she spoke in tongues. You're not going to convince her she ain't got it. See, here's the whole thing, friends. If somebody thinks they got it, then they're not going to know they need it. And if they don't know they need it, and they don't got it, they're not going to get it. Didn't the Bible say, "Knock and the door will be open. Ask and you shall receive. Seek and you shall find." If any man thirst, if they ain't thirsting, they ain't getting nothing. They ain't going for nothing. Right. We don't get up and walk over to the refrigerator to get a drink of water if we ain't thirsty. Right. Course I know sometimes you start getting dehydrated. You don't know you're thirsty and you are thirsty. But all of a sudden it hits you and you're like, "Boy, now I got to have it." Right. I look I had a discussion with a with a preacher and this preacher he was one he had actually fell into sin and I and and and I was going and visiting with him. I was preaching to his church and things and uh I was you know I felt really bad for him. You know first I thought everybody was judging him real bad you know being very judgmental. I thought look we all make mistakes. But more I got to looking at he was very one that got me to questioning how in the world could this man have the Holy Ghost and have done what he did if if a man could do that and have the Holy Ghost what in the world what assurance do we got? Because I was looking at me if he could do that with the Holy Ghost and man I ain't got a chance. So I I was preaching there and I and I and I brought out something about what brother Bham talked about body, spirit, soul, the three room triune being. After the service, preacher come up to me and he said, "Brother," he said, "you got that wrong." He says, "It's body, soul, spirit." He said, "The spirit is the most inner part." And I said, "Well, I just read right here." Brother Random said, "It was the soul." And so, you know, we had this long discussion and everything. And uh so I'd come back home. So I I went uh you know, back then we had dot matrix printers and you know, computers with a caveman in there chiseling stuff out in stone. And uh and so I I I went and what I did was I just I typed in three words into the folio views, the version we had way back then. I typed in three words, body, soul, spirit. I just typed in three words. No quotations, no nothing else. Just them three words. And then I just hit print all. And so here with that dot matrix printer. Y'all remember them? Any Yeah. Come scrolling out of there, you know, and uh when it all got all scrolled out there, had to fold it all up, you know, break all the the whole edges off the thing and, you know, and then going through had this whole scroll list. And I just started reading through it. And that when you print back then when you would push print all it started with whatever the first message was where it was mentioned like if it was 1956 that those three words were mentioned then it started in 1956 and then it started printing them in chronological order by date by by year. And so it went from 1956 all the way through say 1965. So I just started reading through it. Here's what I discovered. Everywhere that brother Brandham mentioned that prior to March of 1963, y'all know what happened in March of 63? Everywhere he mentioned that prior to March of 1963, the opening of the seals. Brother Brandon put the spirit as the innermost part. Yeah. But without fail, after those seals were opened, every message, every paragraph, every time he mentioned those three words, he put the soul as that innermost part. Now, this brother that I was having this conversation with, he went to the message of uh uh greatest battle ever fought. Believe it was preached in 1962. And in that message, brother Brandon puts the spirit as the innermost part. He puts those five gates in the realm of the soul. 1962. But now after 1963 when the seals were open, brother didn't do it that way. Brother man put them five gates in the spirit. And the soul is the innermost man. He said was controlled by either faith or doubt, belief or unbelief. So good. And so I when I showed this to that brother and told him, he said, "Well, brother, look," he said it both ways, so it doesn't really matter. You say it your way, I'll say it my way. Well, I'll tell you why it matters. That individual hadn't been born again, and he thought he was born again because he was dependent on an experience he had in his spirit realm. Yeah, that's good. Some years later after that, I was visiting another country, a place where one of the places he had been accused of doing wrong. And I was visiting there and I actually ended up taking a flight down to another island with a pastor from there that was involved in confronting that that particular brother about what he did over there. And he he he told me the whole story. The story didn't match what I had been told. Look, I'm telling you, I'm not trying to run nobody down. This is what my focus is on. Look, if somebody doesn't know they got it, I don't care how many years they've been preaching. I don't care how many meetings they have hosted. I don't care how popular or how well known they are in this message. If they haven't been born again, and if they can go out and not have something to hold them and commit adultery or something, then they were never converted. I'm not trying to be bad. I'm trying to open your eyes so you don't get Look, I I know you said under a great ministry here. And I'm not preaching anything new to you. But maybe somebody here needs to hear it. You know, sometimes we got to feed the sheep. Sometimes we got to feed the lambs. Hallelujah. Let me read this to you. This is in the message and knoweth it not. And this is what just answered that question for me. He said, now he said, he said, you see, here is the outside flesh. He said, I'm speaking to a mixed audience. I'm going to speak as your pastor, as your brother. Here's the flesh. It's weak. He said, a little lady walks down the street. Some young man just in his young age when he's 17, 18, 20 years old, 25, 30, walks around there and this young lady comes twisting every form of her body, walking with a pair of high heel shoes on, her stuck out in the front and back and dress is that high above her knees or or a pair of shorts on. He said, "Look at here. Here's this little lady twisting herself down the street. Here's a young man. His eyes catch it. He's a church member. He's a Pentecostal. He's whatever he is. But the first thing you know, there's no hold post in there. She'll say, "Hello. He's got curly hair, kind of nice looking, straight shoulder young man, maybe tried to live, right?" And and she started walking up to him. Now listen to this. This is what really opened it up for me. even a preacher. The first thing you know, he said, "What is it?" He says, "Is this out here?" That flesh desire and that spirit down here. Now, he's not talking about the Holy Spirit. He's talking about the spirit of the man is anointed saying, "Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it." But what will it do? It'll move right around there and hold. There it goes. First thing you know, he's trying to make a date with her. Wow. Wow. Wow. Even a preacher. He's guilty of committing adultery whether he touches her or not. But a genuine bornagain son of God, amen, he you can't do it yourself. It's totally impossible for a red-blooded male to walk before a female like that without something taking place. But when there is something on the inside, that little born again, something in here, though that man might have shouted, spoke in tongues, jumped, danced, everything else, anointed with the spirit, done all the signs and wonders that God said in there by his spirit. Jesus said, "Many will come to me in that day and say, Lord, haven't I prophesied in your name? Haven't I cast out devils in your name?" And he said, "Depart from me, ye that work iniquity." What's iniquity? Something you know you shouldn't do, and you do it anyhow. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity. I never even know you. But down on the inside, man, if that little tiepost is in there, that seed of God that was predestinated before the foundation of the world, I don't care what takes place, it holds him. It there to stay. Hallelujah. Let me just read that last sentence again and throw that back there with people who think you can lose the Holy Ghost. It's there to stay. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Think about this, friends. Think about if you was trying to tie off a boat out in the water and and you tied that thing to something that's floating. You ain't got no tie, folks. That boat's going to float wherever that float goes. But boy, if you if you anchor that thing off somewhere, you tie it into a rock, get a hold of something that ain't going to move. Tie it off to a post on the pier that's poured in concrete that can't move. That boat ain't going nowhere. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You ever notice this? You You look at a boat and somebody got an anchor. They don't put that anchor on a fishing line. That's good. They don't tie that anchor with a piece of thread. They don't go get a spool of thread out of mama's sewing box and tie off that anchor. Friends, look, they tie it off with a rope that's going to hold or a chain. And if it's with a rope, you know, you just can't tie any knot. If there was any sailors in here, they could tell you that there's a whole art to tying knots. But friends, look at this. That anchor is going to hold if it's if it's got a hold of something that ain't going to move. Boy, there's a scripture I got to have. I got to find it. It's got to be down in here somewhere. Hallelujah. If I can't find it, I'll just paraphrase it. Hallelujah. All right, I'll just paraphrase. I wish I find it. I really, but you remember Jesus speaking and Jesus talks about that if you build your house on the rock or if you build your house on the sand. That's good. He said, "If you build your house on the sand, then the storms will come." He says, "And the house will fall. And great will be the fall thereof. But if that house is built on a rock, he said the storms can come your way. Everything can come your way. Satan can throw everything he's got at you, but that house will stand because it's founded on a rock." Amen. Amen. Jesus said, "Who do men say that I, the son of man, am?" Well, some say that you're liar. Some say you're one of the prophets. Some, but who you say? Peter speaks up and says, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." He said, "Flesh and blood hath not revealed this to you. But my father which is in heaven, and upon this rock I'll build my church, and what? The gates of hell cannot prevail against it. [Applause] Amen. Isn't that something? He didn't say hell can't prevail against it, which we know he can't, but he actually specified the gates of hell. Brother Bham said, "In this last day, the gates of hell have been opened, and Satan has loosed every demon power from hell out against this bride. But when the enemy comes in like a flood, the Lord will lift up a standard against Hallelujah. Every time under the the first to the fourth seal that a power from Satan was loosed, there was an anointing loosed from God to for the people to overcome that. That's so good. God, that's so good. Look, greater is he that's in you. Look, look at the scriptures. Amen. The scriptures testify left and right of this. Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. that's in the world. When you've got that born again, not friends, look, you're not out there not a court eating mana that's going to pass away. People eat that mana and they rejoice, they shout, and everything else, they go out the door and by Monday they're down in the dumps again. But I'll tell you what, if you ever get into that holies of holies, amen, here is the rest wherein I'll cause the weary to rest. I am the Sabbath. I am the Lord of the Sabbath. You have an experience with the Sabbath. The Lord of the Sabbath. And it brings a rest to you. Yes, sir. It doesn't do away with all of the issues and circumstances that come against you in your flesh out here. Yeah. But it gives you friends a peace and rest that you can stand in the midst of it. You can stand right there when the when Satan gives you reasoning that you got no way around it in your mind that tells you you ain't going to make it. You're lost. Look at you. God don't love you. God don't care. Look what happened. Your wife died. Your baby's dying. Your daddy died. Your mama died. All this. Though he slay me, yet will I serve him. Hallelujah. Amen. Preachers leave this message and they start putting videos out on YouTube and everywhere else, you know, trying to say, "Look, you be the judge. You reason whether this is right or not, this message." And what the prophet said here about that, you know, he said that these men died on the bridge. You can't find that anywhere in in in in the news history anywhere. So all of a sudden, they don't believe anymore. You know what? I don't even got time to waste listening to their argument. Say, "Yeah, but what if they're right?" They ain't. See, how do you know they ain't right? You ain't never heard them. Cuz something supernatural has happened down in here, sir. Friends, and I'm going to tell you something. That supernatural that happened down in here, it didn't come from some denomination. It didn't come from from some church. It didn't come from some man. It came by God from the end time word of God. the truth that was delivered to this bride in the end times. That's right. Brother said there's two kinds of Christians or he says two phases actually of Christians. He says there's the intellectual conception. Friends, look, I I grew up, you know, I I first grew up in in organization when I was real little and I I can remember all of it. I can remember the shouting, dancing, speaking in tongues, all those things. And I'm not I'm not throwing off on them, but I remember all that. I also remember coming into this message till being real young. I remember listening to brother the tapes of brother Brandon when I was just a child. I remember the very first time I was sitting over in Cleveland, Ohio on West 94th Street up upstairs on a porch in in a little child's lounge chair. You know, me and my mom and dad and dad brought his real to real tape player out there on the porch and we were listening to brother Brandham and the first time I heard brother Brandham talk about when that man in the checkered shirt. Yeah, that's good. Boy, I tell you what, when I became a teenager, somebody said, "Hey, brother Biscll is going to be speaking over in Lima." Said, "Uh, we're going to go." Said, you know, he's the one brother Bannon mentioned in there about that checkered church. I said, "Bro, I can't wait to get there. I got there and he came out in his suit. He must have went and got that thing tailored fit, you know, somewhere from I'm not talking about off the rack at Coohl's, but it was a nice nice suit. I wonderful. I love nice suits. But I was disappointed. Some years later, I went up and asked him. I told him, I said, "I was disappointed first time I heard you speak when I was a teenager." I said, "Because you did not have that check at church." He said, "Brother Jerry, I don't even know what happened to that checkered shirt." But you know, friends, hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. I had an intellectual conception. I I I heard these things of the message and things. Brandon, I believed Brother Brandon was a prophet. I believed it was true. There was no time ever in my life, even when I would backslide, that you could convince me that he wasn't the true prophet of God or that this end time message wasn't the truth or that maybe I needed to go try some other church or religion. That never worked with me. But yet, all I had was an intellectual conception. And that's that's why I had nothing to hold me. But brother Ram says there's the intellectual conception, but then there's that supernatural that happens down in your heart, your soul. It happens down in there and it converts you. It changes the soul. A new life is born. It it brings to life. Look friends, a preacher doesn't put the seed gene of God in you. No, you if you are a seed gene of God, you've always been a seed gene of God. You are born here, born into this world, born in iniquity, shaped in, you know, born speaking lies, shaped in iniquity. But friends, listen, you were born with that seed gene of God in you. Amen. Amen. Real quickly, brother M said, "What's the difference between the the priests down at the temple in Jesus day and the woman at the well?" She was an illame woman. Said, "But what was the difference between them?" He spoke to the priests and they called him Beloveub, the prince of devils. Spoke to her and she said, "Sir, I perceive thou a prophet." Goes down into the city and says, "Come see a man that's told me everything I ever done. Is not this the Messiah? Brother said, "What was the difference between them?" He said, "The priest down at the temple had no representation in here." There was no seed gene of God in there. When that word struck it, it had no effect. There was nothing to bring to life. But when it struck that ill thing dead in her sins woman, it struck the same gene of God that was on the inside of her soul. And it brought that to life. She didn't call him a devil. She said, "This is a Messiah." Friends, I don't even know if that woman could read. I don't even know whether she'd ever read the scrolls or not. She was actually an outcast, a Samaritan, half Jew, half Gentile. It didn't matter. I like what Jesus said to his disciples before he went down. I got need to go by there. Why? There was a redeemable soul there. [Applause] If you were a child of God, you were a redeemable soul. You might have been born in sin. I don't care what you did in this world. But there was something down in there. All it was waiting for was the light of God to strike it and you came alive in your due season. That's being converted. that's being changed. Paul says, "A new creature in Christ Jesus." That's so good. And then Paul talks about creation. I got to close. See, Paul talks about creation. It says, "All of creation groanth and dwellth together, waiting for what? The manifestation of the sons of God." Amen. To which the body change. Amen. to win this outside realm, friends, is changed to match the change that happened in your soul. If you have been converted, if you have been born again, friends, you got something that's going to hold you. I'll tell you, the devil used to always try to convince me, not that the message is wrong, but that I wasn't one of them. You ain't going to make it in the rapture. Anytime I couldn't find mom and dad, first thought hit my head was, "Oh man, a rapture took place and I missed it." Brother Dan Daisley, y'all remember him? He gave a testimony years ago and he said he he was out, you know, he went around evangelizing. He was out driving and he said and he was out with actually Brother Henry Green. The two of them were out together. So they stopped at a gas station to fuel up, you know, he went into the bathroom. He said, "It came out and he couldn't find Brother Henry anywhere." He said, "And the devil said to him, uhhuh, the rapture happened. Your pastor was taken and you didn't make it." He said, "At first that thought hit me." He said, "Then I thought, wait a minute, I'm here." He said, "You lying devil. If the rapture took place, I wouldn't be here either." That's right. God. Hallelujah. I'll tell you friends, when you've been converted on the inside, the devil can't tell you you ain't going to make it cuz you know you're not dependent on your works. My evidence is not my good works. Amen. Look what Paul said. When I would do good, evil's present. We We got to fight this flesh every day. We got to die to this flesh every day. This flesh would make mistakes. We got to repent of of of the mistakes of this flesh that we fall prey to now. But don't count everything up as being a mistake. Preacher goes out and commits adultery. He didn't make just make a mistake. He didn't have the typost. People make up things. Preachers make up things, friends. what their homemade religion around this message. They they preach people their opinion of things instead of actually just staying with the truth of the word. They take where it says uh a woman shouldn't wear a garment pertaining to a man. Then they get up and they preach, look, you sisters, if you're wearing a jean skirt with a zipper in the front, that's a garment pertaining to man. Y'all take that off. Well, that preacher that preached that, friends, he's out set on social media at a picnic table drinking beer now and don't even believe this message. man-made dogmas. We ain't living by that stuff. But I'll tell you, if a change is happening here, friends, this outside will dress like what happened on the inside. You don't look, I don't get up and start preaching, hey y'all quit cutting your hair. Hey, y'all wear don't wear pants. Hey y'all do this. Hell, let's get born again. Amen. Amen. Years ago, my dad was pastoring down another area and there was a young couple that come to God. They had two little children and and and the woman came in. She had a a skirt way up above her knees, you know, and she wore on big old baldy ear bobs on her ears and short hair and everything, you know, and and and some old, you know, sister better than now come up to my dad and said, "Uh, Brother Brown, you want me to go over and tell her she shouldn't be wearing that stuff and straightening her out on that?" My dad said, "No, you leave her alone." He said, "When she gets born again, when God gets a hold of her, that'll change." And you know, Brother Bam said this. Brother Brandham's likened it like this. He said, you know, in the fall when the leaves drop off the tree cuz Brother Brandham was asked the same question. People said, "We need to get them up and get these people around the altar and get them to stop dressing and wearing these things, you know, before they can get the Holy Ghost." Said, "No." He said, "Look, when a tree drops, look, I I've got we live in the woods and we've got a lot of different types of trees, but I'm going to tell you something about a beach tree. A beach tree is very stubborn about letting go of its leaves. They It'll hold its leaves all through the winter all the way up to spring." Brother Bam said, he asked the man said, "Do you have to go out there in the spring and pick off all them dead leaves still there before the new leaves will come out?" He said, "No, when the new leaf comes out, the old leaf falls off." When that person's born again, friend, them old leaves are going to fall off. They'll dress right. They'll act right. They'll live right. But it won't be because they're living by a set of rules and laws and legalism. Something that can't hold them. That's right. That ain't what saves you. What saves you is is having Jesus Christ on the inside. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh man. Praise the Lord. Let's stand here. I ain't ever going to stop. You know what it is, friends? I've had this message burn on my heart and I ain't preached at home yet. And as a pastor, you know, I preach at home a lot of times. I preach in series. So I I'll start out, you know, and and preaching a message and I may be on that thing for months. So I can't preach it all to you today. Let me give you a quick testimony. I don't know how long I preached today, but however long I preached should prove to you that God had healed me mentally and has restored me. When I was going through that and I was trying to push and try to try to act like I was preaching, I had trouble getting 30 minutes in. And a lot of times I was just reading off paper. I started cycling through old notes of stuff I had studied in that and just cuz I couldn't even feel like I could get inspiration for anything else. I'll tell you what now, friends, you can't shut me up. God set me free. He healed my mind. He set me free from that. I'm telling you, I'm rejoicing. Hallelujah. I know what it's like to be set free from sin. I know what it's like to be set free from that old man of Jerry. You know, but now now I know what it's like to be to be delivered from something. You know, people got a stigma about it. They think, well, you know, heart disease, uh, uh, sugar diabetes, uh, high blood pressure or cancer even or whatever. You know, look, mentalness is illness, too. It's an affliction of the devil just like those others afflictions. Yes, it is. But friends, he's the Lord thy God that healthth all our diseases. And that is a disease. Hallelujah. Look, many times that disease gets triggered by trauma that happens in your life. That's right. That's right. Men experience PTSD that's been in war and wartime situations and and saw horrible things and they experience post-traumatic stress syndrome and and it throws them back to where they feel like they're right back to where they were when they saw that and that happened to witness. Look friends, that happened to me when I I was the one discovered somebody who had committed suicide, right? Man, I suffered from that really bad. God delivered me. Yes, he did. Hallelujah. I read what Brother Brandham said. Uh he said when I'm driving down the road, he says, "I keep a cross hanging on my mirror in my car." Right. And and and he said, "I I just looked at that cross and I plead the blood." You know, and and so when when I read that, I thought, "Well, okay." So I went out and I got me a cross. And you know, I was a soldier. So I went out and got me a cross that was a a camouflage cross, you know, and uh and I I put that on a piece of raw hide and I I put it around my neck. And any time that that start coming on me, I start feeling that I I'd grab a hold of that cross there, you know, and I'd say, "Lord, I'm pleading the blood." Now, it wasn't no virtue in that cross. That's right. There was no virtue in that that little piece of metal. That's right. But there was virtue in what I believed. Yeah. And I believe if that helped the prophet, it helped me. But it was actually the word of God through the prophet. Oh, I tell you what, friends. His word to set you free. Hallelujah. I don't want to go back into my testimony here. Let me sing this song to you. Amen. If I can. Amen. Goodbye yesterday. I'm living in the light of a new day. I won't waste another minute on my old ways. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Goodbye yesterday. The spirit of the Lord is upon me. I got resurrection in my veins. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Goodbye yesterday. The spirit I'm living in the light of a new day. I got waste another minute on my old ways. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Goodbye yesterday. The spirit of the Lord is upon me. I got resurrection in my veins. Praise the Lord. I've been born again and again and again and again. You rescued me out of the mess I was in. I traded my sorrow for something to sing. Now I'm dancing on the grave that I once lived in. Goodbye yesterday. I'm living in the light of a new day. I won't waste another minute on my old ways. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Goodbye yesterday. The spirit of the Lord is upon me. Hallelujah. These picss are breaking right and left. Hallelujah. I'll just sing it. They're playing it. Amen. Hallelujah. Goodbye yesterday. I'm living in the light of a new day. I won't waste another minute in my old ways. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Goodbye yesterday. The spirit of the Lord is upon me. I got resurrection in my veins. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Again and again and again. You rescued me out of the mess I was in. You traded my sorrow for something to sing. Now I'm dancing on the grave that I once lived in. Goodbye yesterday. I'm living in the light of a new day. I won't waste another minute in my old ways. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Goodbye yesterday. The spirit is the Lord is upon me. I got resurrection in my veins. Praise the Lord. I've been born again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Go ahead, brother. Born again. There's really been a change in me. Oh, born again just like Jesus said. Oh, I've been born again and all because of [Music] Calary. Oh, I'm so I'm blessed so glad that I've been born again. Oh, I've been born again. There's really been a change in me. Yes, I've been born again just like Jesus said. Oh, I've been born again and all because of Calary. Oh, I'm glad. So glad that I've been born again. Yes, I've been born again. There's really been a change in me. Oh, I've been born again just like Jesus. Just like he said. Oh, I've been born again and all because of Calary. Oh, that I'm glad. So glad that I've been born again. I've been born again. Oh, thank you, Lord. All because of Calary. Oh, I'm glad. I'm so so glad that I've been born again. [Music] You know that song, Ben? You know that song, Fill Me With the Holy Spirit. You know that song, Fill Me With the Holy Spirit. You know that song, Fill Me With the Holy Spirit. [Music] Go ahead. Is that what you got? Fill me with the Holy Spirit. My prayer is please don't pass me by. I want to live each days as it be the last one. far above this world and all is wrong. Fill me with fill me with the Holy Spirit. Oh my eternal life. Oh to he says let us be the last one far above this world is corn. I want to make the most of every moment. Oh, redeeming to the full this passing time by putting on the bows of mercy. And by grace put on this boldness of mine. And the days I've wasted are not few but many. Oh, I pray for a difference in my life. Till all my friends, loved ones see me changing. Till they seem no longer me, but only cry. Oh, fill me with the Holy Spirit. Oh yes. Fill me with eternal life. To live each day as if it be the last one far above this world and all its carnal stri. Oh my prayer is please don't pass me by till faith overtakes this weary pilgrim and I spread my wings like an eagle fly. Fill me with the Holy Spirit. Oh Lord, fill me with eternal life. to live each day as a baby. Last one far above this world and all its carals Lord Jesus be with me. Lord, I want to live each day as it would be the last one. Oh, far above this world. It's gone. Hallelujah. Let's sing that. He touched me. He touched me. Oh, I was shackled by a heavy burden. I was beneath a load of guilt and shame. Oh, but within the hand of Jesus touched me. Oh, and now I am no longer the same. Oh, he touched me. Oh, like that with Jacob. Oh, oh, he touched me. and all the joy that floods my soul. For I know that something has happened. And now, oh, I know he touched me and made me whole. [Music] And ever since I met his flesh savior. And ever since he cleansed me, he [Laughter] whole. Oh, I shall never cease to praise my All through our life, every expression, hallelujah, is the pulsation of that life for he touched me. Thank God. Oh, he touched [Music] me and know the joy that bless my soul. All because I know something happened. And now, oh, I know he touched me and made me whole. Let's sing that. Ever since Ever since I met his fleshless savior. And ever since he cleansed me, he made me whole. And I I'll never cease to praise him. I'll shout it while turning. She rose. Why? Because he touched me. Oh, he touched me. and all the joy that floods my soul. For I know that something wonder has happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. It is well. It is well. It is well. When peace like a river attendeth my way. When sorrows like sea below ro for whatever [Music] Oh yes, [Music] you have taught me to save It is well. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Oh, let's just worship him now. Let's thank him. No Satan should buff it, though trials should come. Faith is blessed assurance that Christ have regarded my help. Unless you stay and have Yes, sir. Shed his own blood for my soul. Oh, hallelujah. It is well. is well with my soul. With my soul. Oh, with it is well. It is well. It is well. It is well with my Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh glory my sin. Oh the bliss of this glory. Oh hallelujah. My sin not in part but the whole you I'm crucified with you. [Music] There is no more. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Hallelujah. Oh, could we just give him a wave offering? It is well. Thank you, Lord Jesus. It is well. Oh, with my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Oh, and Lord. Hey. Yes sir. Oh yes. Amen. [Music] Beside when the clouds be rolled back as strong. All the trump shall resound and the Lord shall receive. Even so, even so. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Hallelujah. Oh, it is well. Yes, it is well. The blood's been applied with my soul. The token is presenting in my soul. It is well. It is well. It is way with my soul. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. I tell you friends, when you I I know I say it quite a bit, but it's very true. Where would we be without the message of the hour? Amen. And when when you know this by now from me saying it, the message of the hour is it's more than books or tapes. And that's not really what it is. It's Christ. Amen. That's who the message is. Yes, it is. And to bring the whole purpose of the gospel is relationship. Is to bring a settleness. Is to bring it to where it's no longer I that liveth, but Paul that but Christ that liveth in me. Amen. That's the whole objective. And I think it was just so so beautifully spoken this morning. Amen. And the urgency. And I I just I know that the Lord just didn't come down and just speak to us in this way just to take our time up. He doesn't do that. But God is mindful of our needs. And you might say, "Well, Brother Samuel, why don't you why don't you pull on people?" Because a lot of times if you pull on people, you have to continue to pull them. But when the word goes forth and brings conviction, that's how it happened on the day of Pentecost. It was not a preacher pulling them to pulling them. I'm going to count it down. No, that that those tactics only work so long. But see, when the word went forth, the question came from the people, what must we do to be saved? Conviction strikes the heart. And I I just say, you know, just as the Lord brought it so clearly here this morning, you know, the word doesn't come to condemn, it comes to bring conviction. And then when we can look, when we can be honest with God and look at where we're at, then God can begin to move on our heart to actually bring our heart into the condition it needs to be. Right. You know, Brother Brandham made one simple statement when he's talking about that of of that soul and that nature and souls in prison now. He said as soon as he can get that soul, that first nature to agree with the word, he quickly moves in and kills it. Amen. Because God, that's all God needs is that that that place to come to that moment to where it moves in in that way and begins to agree with the word. And you know what? For everyone in here that's already been born again by the spirit of God, you know how that's come? Because the spirit of God, it's worked through justification, sanctification, and then him moving on your life. It leads us to the slaughter like it led the lamb to the slaughter. Hallelujah. It's the same Holy Spirit leading us to what? The separation. When you we see that in our life, there's things that come forth. That's God's grace. You know why? To bring us to a place of a certainty in this hour. I tell you, I know the Lord well enough to know he would come down and speak that if it's just for one person. Yes. Amen. Amen. But how true that is that once it gets on the inside, it'll reflect itself on the outside. And you might you might wonder and say well why did you know why when I'm listening to the message and why is it at times when it's being preached about dress and clothing all of things when it is said in that way it's not that that is the objective dress and clothing and this that's what it is. We're living in an age of mixture. We're living in an age where this word has been hacked all to pieces. [Music] And the reason God comes down is not to point us to that as an objective, but to show that there's not been a full true conversion and a relationship with him. I'm glad for that. Aren't you? Amen. I'm glad the Holy Spirit comes down in such a way to speak to our hearts so personally. Cuz I tell you right now, the rapture is on us. Yes, it is. We're we're we're living in the final moments. You might say, "Brother Samuel, if it if it carries another five years, we're living in the final moments." And not one person in here has the promise of tomorrow. This is why today is the day of salvation. This today is that moment and that time when the word of God has spoken to our hearts. I tell you, every one of us, it's a time to take inventory, take account because you know what? When you're at rest with your walk with God, I mean, when it's a rest where you can, your life is founded in the scriptures, then you know what? You become a channel for the Holy Spirit to work through to others. And that's what we are to be, branches. Branches. Is that right? So God's whole purpose is to settle us. I I thank God for that for that message this morning. Amen. Amen. And let's let's act upon it. It's one thing to hear it, but the prophet took two messages and spoke hearing, recognizing, and acting on the word of God. We got to do something with what we've heard. Amen. Amen. I think brother brother Jerry gave an example. There's many I there's many I could go throughout this this including myself that where really the change took place was not within the four walls of a church but it's when God begins to deal with your life and many times brother Bram you'll hear this and I want you just to listen carefully it's now when the heart there's a lot of sisters in here that's been in labor all right and you know sometimes they put sometimes to get they'll get labor going they'll get that drip going they say we got to get it going. That's what the preaching of the gospel does. It gets it going. Now, it may not happen here within these four walls in this next moment, but it's like the prophet when those came forward in adoption part one, he looked at many of them as they stood there and he prayed and he said, "And you watch your life a few days from now." Why? Because their heart had been open to the word of God. Their heart had been set to a place of travail. So just don't let this word pass away here this morning. Take that word and say, "God, that's what I want in my life." And I want more of it. I want more of it. I want more of him. I want more of him. I want less of me and I want more of him. But don't settle for anything less than a full conversion. Amen. Amen. Because that's what this message it produces. Don't you love the Lord? God is so good in he is. Amen. And sure, it's good to be good to be together here this morning. Amen. And you know what? I'm looking forward to the testimonies that come right out of this service because God's promised his word won't return back to him void. God puts service after service after service together to where it all comes down. All we can say is it's been God. Is that right? God's putting it all together. Amen. God bless you. I want to remind you that the fireside fellowship this this evening at 5:30. Amen. Certainly be good. Might need to bring your jacket and bring a bring a chair. Um let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Father, collectively, Lord, from our hearts, I believe I can stand here, Lord, and say on the behalf of each one of us in here, thank you. Lord, we thank you for the word that was delivered here this morning. Lord Jesus, that's your desire for our lives as relationship. Your prophet told us if we could just even to be able to imagine. He said like a pipe and there's such force wanting to come down through that pipe. He said that's how the Holy Spirit is wanting to get into your life fully. Lord, we don't want to just walk under an anointing of a church. We don't want to walk around where it's at. We want to get beneath the blood. I pray, Father, right here this morning, Lord, as we just move from the presence of this building and one another, but never from your presence. Lord, I pray here this morning, may dear God, there be further travailing pains, Lord, to every heart and every life, Lord. each one that Lord would be in need of that. And Lord, if they're unaware of that, may you make them aware of that. May they Lord take with courage and stand before you and say, "Lord, with all of my heart, I want my life to be filled with you, Lord. I want to be fully converted. I want to be fully changed, Lord. I don't even want, like the prophet said, a big toe out from underneath the blood." We want it all. And we're so thankful to know that Lord, what the blood of bulls and goats could never do. It could never divorce sin, it could never take care of something. It could never take care of that blood that wouldn't allow an illegitimate born child in. But that was before the blood of Jesus Christ came. Now there's something strong enough. Lord, every one of us fell under that category. We were in need of something that was strong enough to be able to take care of sin's question to be able to take care of that first nature. Lord, now Father, you don't wrestle with us. You don't fight with us. You only ask us to believe, to ask him. So Lord, I pray, Father, may you just continue to move in every heart and every life for your word. it will accomplish and cause to prosper to that which it's been sent and received and it'll produce. How we thank you for that. Father, we love you. Ask you'd go with your children, Lord. Be with them as they go into this, Lord, the next work week. I know many, Lord, of us have a a holiday tomorrow and things, but may you just be with each one in a special way, Lord. [Music] Father, we love you. We appreciate you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Amen. I heard Paul Paul already said it and I would like to echo it. I certainly want to thank all of the not only the veterans but many that gave their lives that we enjoy the freedom that we have right here today. But I'm thankful also for that ultimate sacrifice. Aren't you? Amen. Of the lamb of God. Amen. And ain't God good? Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed in the name of the Lord. Even though my spirit is low and it seems I can hardly go, but still I see victory. [Music] Many times I'm walking by faith and can't see what lies before me. But still I see victory. [Music] No, I've just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. Oh, you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Pause. Remember, you can't cross the blood line. Oh, sometimes our battles get hard. And it seems we're fighting a lot, but I remember I'm standing on that rock. [Music] Oh, so Satan, if I were you, I'd turn around and give them to cuz I do believe you are bound to lose. And oh, and I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by him. is love. Oh, and you may s and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross above line. I know sometimes our battles get hard and it seems I fight in the law but I still remember I'm standing on the rock. So Satan said, "If I were you, I'd turn around and I give up, too. Cuz I do believe you aren't bound to lose." Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, they can't cross the line because I'm covered by his blood. [Music] Oh, you may s and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cause remember, you can't cross the blood line. I just got Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross up the line because I'm covered by his blood. Oh, and you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Also, remember you can't cross a blood line. Oh, you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cross. Remember, you can't cross the blood line. [Music]
