################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - The Deliverance Power of The Exodus - Isaac Hatfield - Isaac Hatfield.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-17
Title:    The Deliverance Power of The Exodus - Isaac Hatfield
Speaker:  Isaac Hatfield
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 12m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWxLjGnFfIM
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
38:08 - Ministry
1:47:45 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] As I look back on this road I've traveled, I see so many times that he's carried me through. And if there's one thing that I've learned in my life, that my redeemer is faithful and true. Help me sing a church. My redeemer is faithful and true. For everything he has said he will do and every morning his mercies they are new. my redeemer. He is faithful and true. Sing our first verse once again. As I look back on this road that I've traveled, yes, I've seen so many times that he's carried me through. Oh yes. And if there's one thing that I learned in my life, that my redeemer is faithful and true. How many knows that tonight? That my redeemer, he is faithful and true. I'm so glad about that tonight. Everything he has I say I know that he's going to do. And every morning his mercies older new every morning. My redeemer is faithful and true. I like this verse right here. My heart rejoicees when I read the promise. There is a place I am preparing for you. And I know someday I'll see my Lord face to face. Cuz my redeemer, he is faithful and true. Oh yes, he is my redeemer. He is faithful. Oh, I believe that with all my heart tonight. It's everything he has said. I know he's going to do in every [Music] morning. His mercies a new cuz my redeemer he is faithful. Oh, let's all stand tonight. Let's just sing one more time. Oh, my redeemer is faithful and true. And everything he has said I know he will do. And every morning his mercies oh they are new cuz my redeemer is he is faithful and true. Lord in every morning his mercies save my new my redeemer. He is faithful and true. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Is your redeemer faithful and true tonight? Amen. Praise be to God. I'm so glad that he's faithful. Amen. Aren't you glad that he keeps his promises? Amen. Our God's never failed us. He's never let us down. Amen. At times we have, but he's never let us down. Aren't you thankful for that? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, it's certainly uh good to be in the house of God tonight. Good to be in the presence of the Lord, brothers and sisters alike, precious faith. Amen. And just look forward to what God has in store for us tonight. We have brother Isaac Hatfield going to minister for us. So certainly looking forward to that tonight. Amen. And also, it's good to have brother Brian Jr. with us tonight. Good to have you back with us, buddy. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We just have a few quite a few prayer requests tonight. But before I read these, how many knows that your God's able to meet these needs? There's nothing too hard for our Lord. There's nothing too hard for our God. You believe that with all your heart tonight? Amen. I believe that as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is from uh brother Bill says uh prayer for my sister Norma as she battles soldier uh shoulder pain after surgery. Amen. So remember sister Norma tonight that God just be with her and touch her. It's brother Bill's sister. This is also from brother Bill says to please pray for my brother Jerry as he flies to Puerto Rico for safety. Amen. So remember that need tonight and prayer that God undertake for that need. This is from brother Bill as well. Says to please pray for me as I travel life's highway. Amen. Certainly that's definitely our prayer. Amen. As long as we're along as we're on this road, we just want the Lord Jesus continue to be with us. Amen. He promised that, didn't he? Amen. He certainly did. So, thank you for his promises. Amen. This is from uh Sister Stephanie says, "Please continue to pray for my friend uh Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord. Also, my sister Mary asked for prayer. The Lord knows. God bless sister Stephanie. Amen. Certainly uh many uh different needs, many serious needs maybe seem like to us it may seem like impossible, but to our God, nothing's impossible with God. And we just believe that with all our hearts. Amen. If you have a need you'd like to be known, lifted hand. Amen. Amen. Brother Rockco, why don't you come and lead us in prayer? Certainly appreciate our brother. Amen. Appreciate you, brother. [Applause] [Music] Let's pray this this evening. Kind and lovely Lord Jesus. How that song about your faithfulness just rejoices our heart because Lord, each one of us knows what a reality that that is. that it is not just some superstition or some abstract word, but it's a living, breathing reality in every area of our lives. And Father, as we come with these prayer requests, Lord, I just as I was listening to that song, I was just thinking about one of your Old Testament names, Elohim. how that name bound up in that name is the idea of strength and faithfulness. And I got to thinking, Lord, what good would strength be without faithfulness? And I was thinking, what good would faithfulness be without strength? But you have both, Lord. And you are the only being who has both. And you can do whatever it is that you said that you would do. And we know that if we look to you by faith, believing that all things are possible. We thank you tonight, Lord, for this time of of to get away for from the world and to get here to hear the word. And just Lord, prepare our hearts and just may we leave this place rejoicing and and giving glory to you, Lord, because you have forgiven our sins and you have to renew life in us. We ask this in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Praise God. Man, you may have your seats tonight. Amen. Amen. How many's ready to have church tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. So, thank God's mercy. How many enjoy the service on Sunday? Amen. That was wonderful. My goodness. What a liberty in the house of God. Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. Lord, I'm so in love with you. Amen. I just want to fall in love with the Lord all over again tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. Oh Lord, I'm so in love with you. Yes. Cuz you touch my heart with your grace. Lord, I'm so in love with you. No one else, no one else can take your place. Let's sing that verse once again. Lord, I'm so Lord, I'm so in love with you. Yes, Lord Jesus. You touch my heart with your grace. And oh, Lord, I'm so in love with you. Nobody else can take your place. I like this right here. Oh, it's through the fire that you're right beside me. Thank you, Lord. It's in the desert. I know that you see me through. Oh, raing waters. Oh Lord, you draw me here and you hold me closer to you. And also, Lord, I'm so in love with you. You touch my heart, Lord, cuz you touch my heart with your grace. Lord, I'm so in love with you. I know that nobody else can take your place. Let's sing that through the fire just once again. Oh, through the fire. Lord, you're right beside me. Yes, he is. In the desert, I know this that he sees me through. It's all raing waters. The Lord you draw me near. You hold me close. support you and I'm so Lord. I'm so in love with you. Lord, I'm so glad you touch my heart with your grace. And Lord, I'm so so in love with you. I know that no one else can take your We'll just sing it just one more time. Through the fire. Oh, through the fire. He's right beside me. Oh, I see it through. Oh, in the desert I know he sees me through that on raing waters. Lord, you draw me. Yes, you do, Lord. And you hold me closer, Lord, to you. And I'm so Oh Lord, I'm so in love. So in love with you, oh Lord, you touch. We touch your heart. It is by his grace. And Lord, I'm so in love. Oh hallelujah. Yes. Nobody else can take something. Lord, I'm so Lord. I'm so in love with you. Lord, you touch my heart with your grace. Yes, soul. Lord, I'm so in love with you. I know nobody else can take your place. Nobody else can take your place. Nobody else can take your [Music] I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, it's all about you, my Jesus. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. When it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you. I'm coming back. Oh, I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about him. It's all about you. Yes, Lord. It's all about you, my Jesus. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Like this. When the music fades and all this drift away and I simply come. Oh yes, hallelujah. Oh, longing just to free. Oh yes. something that's over. But I will bless your heart. Oh, and I'll bring you more than a song. Yes. For a song in itself is not what you have required. Oh, he searches much deeper. You search much deeper within. Oh, through the way things appear. You're looking in to my heart. And I'm coming back to you. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about It's all about you, Lord. It's all about you, my Jesus. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the things that I've made when it's all about you. Yes. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh yes. The king of endless worth. I know no man could express how much you deserve. Oh, this is the truth. Amen. Although I'm weak and I'm I know this one thing that all I have is yours. Every single breath I'll bring more and I'll bring you more than a song. More a song within itself. That's not what you have even required. I'm glad he does this. You search much deeper within. Even through the way things appear, Lord, you're looking in my heart. And I want to say tonight that I'm coming back to the heart of worship when it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you. It's all about you, my Jesus. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the peace I made. And it's all about you. Yes, Lord. It's all about I'm coming back. Oh, I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you. Yes, Lord. It is all about you, my Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made when it's all about you. Yes, Lord. It is all about you. And I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made it when it's all about you. Yes, Lord. It's all about you. Yes, it's all about you. It's all about you. Yes. It's all about you, my Jes. It's all about him tonight. Amen. It's all about you. Yes, Lord. It's all about you. It's all about you, my Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, it's all about him tonight. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, he's worthy of all praise. Amen. It's all about the Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise be to God. Aren't you thankful? Amen. That we have that heart to worship the Lord. Amen. That we have something to give back to him. Amen. Because he's done so much for us. He went to Calvary for us. Amen. Paid the price. Set us free. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Before we sing this next song, just a real quick announcement. Uh there will be a sisters meeting. Uh uh sisters are meeting tomorrow to clean the church at 9:00 a.m. uh tomorrow at 9:00 and all help will be greatly appreciated. Amen. So you all just bring whatever you can just to clean the church tied place up. Amen. We certainly appreciate those that take care of the building. Amen. Appreciate that. Amen. Let's sing that song. It's a really old song. Amen. Such love. Such marvelous love. Amen. It's an older one. I'll try to sing it. I really I don't think I've ever really sang this song. So we'll give it a try. I know brother Bill sang this song quite a bit. Amen. You know he does it better than I do. So try. Amen. Sing the first verse. Oh that God should love a sinner such as I should yearn to change my sorrow into this nor. How wonderful is love. Oh such love. Oh, such love. Thank you. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love. Oh, a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love. This second verse. Oh, that Christ should join so freely in the sea. All the women his death on Calvary did hear you over the love divine that ransom me. Aren't you glad about that? Such love, such love, such wonderful such love. Thank you, Lord. [Music] All that God should love a sinner such as. How wonderful is love. Oh, that for the will. How can such as I the father l the savior die redemption for a word to say divine prog. Oh, it was such love. Aren't you glad about that [Music] tonight? Oh, such love. Thank you Lord for such wonder that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this right here. And now he takes me to his son. We ask now to fill a surrender wide open on his arms of grace. Hallelujah. Oh, such love. Such love. Oh, such love. It was such love. All that God should love a sinner at such a time. How wonderful is love. I disgusting wartime. And now he takes me to his son. He asked me not to fit a servant. We're sons of daughters of God tree wandering son. I open his arms of grace. Hallelujah. For such love. It was such wonderful such love. Such wonderous love that God should love. A sinner such a sign. How wonderful is love. Such such love. Such love. Such wonder grace love. Such love. Such love. Oh that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love. I just got sing that for a willful. Outcast such as I, the father lamb, the savior died, redemption for the earth they say divine through long and long and grace divine. When I sing it tonight, it was such love. It was such wonderful such love. Such love. Oh, that God he should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful. Sing it one more time. It was such love. Such wonder, such love. It was his love. Oh, that God should love. Oh, how wonderful this world like is and singing how wonderful this world like this. Hallelujah. Oh, such love. Hallelujah. Thank you for your love, Lord Jesus. We thank you tonight, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. Hallelujah. How many loves the Lord tonight with all your heart, with everything that's in you? Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this tonight. Every praise is to our God. Amen. Every praise is to my God. Amen. You believe that tonight? Amen. Amen. Help me sing it if you know it. I'm sure y'all [Music] do. Praise. Oh, is he worthy of our praise? Hallelujah. Amen. Let's worship the Lord tonight. Oh, every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise. Every praise. Oh, every praise is to our God. Oh, sing. Every praise. Oh, I'm singing. Every praise is our God. Oh, every word of worship and want to accord every praise, every praise. Oh, it's to our God. Church, sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to my God. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. It's to my God. Every praise, every praise. Oh, it's to my God. I like this right here. God my savior. God my savior. How many know he's a newer? God my heaven. God my deliverer. Oh, what do you say, church? Yes, he is. God my savior. God my healer. He's God my deliverer. [Music] Yes, he is. I'm singing. Yes, he is. Every praise, every praise is to my God. Oh, every word of worship and want to adore. Every praise, every praise. Oh, I want to sing hallelujah to my God. Sing hallelujah to my God, his glory. Hallelujah. Oh, every praise, every praise, oh is my God. Let's sing once together. God my savior, God my savior, God my giver, God my deliverer. How many know he is? Yes, he is. Oh yes, he God my savior. My dog. He's my healer. My deliverer. Oh yes he is. Yes he is. Every praise. Every praise is to my God is every word of worship in one accord. Every praise. Every praise. Oh, I want to take some time to sing. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Every praise, every praise. Oh, is to my God. Oh, let's sing once again. Once again, God my savior, God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Oh yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior. He's God my healer. Hallelujah. God my deliverer. Oh, yes she is. Yes, she is. [Music] [Applause] [Music] All together. Every praise to our God. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one. Every praise, every praise is to our God. I want to sing hallelujah. Oh, sing hallelujah to our God is glory. Hallelujah. Oh, every praise, every praise. Oh, sing my savior once again. God my savior. He's God my healer. He's God our deliverer. Oh yes he is. Yes he is God my savior. God my healer. [Music] Oh yes he is. Yes he is. Every praise, every praise, every praise is to my God. Is every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to my God. I want to sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to my God. Oh, hallelujah is to my God. Every praise, every praise, oh, every praise is to my God. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Every praise is to my God. Amen. Can you say that tonight? Every praise is to my God. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. We love you, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. How many's thankful that we can have that privilege? Amen. But praise the Lord. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. As brother Isaac comes and we certainly appreciate Brother Isaac Hatfield coming. Amen. Amen. Let's just fall in the gift of God. Amen. Let's We're going to change the order of the service. Amen. Let's sing the song into the chamber. Be free. Holy Spirit. Amen. How many just wants the Holy Spirit to have liberty in this place? Amen. That's our heart's desire. It's my heart's desire, too. Let's just sing this little chorus over the eyes as it comes. Amen. Hallelujah. Into the chamber. Be free. Holy Spirit, come speak to me gently as I close the door. Yes. [Music] Heaven, let thy presence come. [Music] Oh yes, that's all I Let's sing it once again as our brother comes. Oh, into the chamber and be free. Holy Spirit. Let's all stand tonight. Speak to me gently as I go. Heavenly love. Let my [Music] presence on me. That is all I Amen. That's all we long for is to dwell in his presence. Amen. Amen. It's nothing like the presence of the Lord. Amen. How many loves the Lord tonight? Amen. How many's happy to be in the house of God? Amen. as we think about what the Lord did for us this time of year over 2,000 years ago and paved the way. Amen. That we could gather here tonight and we're not gathering under a form or a creed, but we're gathering to honor the resurrected Christ who lives amongst us and in us and is walking with us. Amen. Day by day. Amen. Such a pleasure to serve the living God. Amen. And then we're just thankful for the opportunity to be here tonight. And if you have your Bibles, we'll just go straight to the word. We don't want to hold you long. And thank you musicians and song leaders. What a powerful atmosphere. I I was back there just waiting and it sounded so good that I just decided to walk out and enjoy what you guys were enjoying. Amen. I I just I just feel at home. Amen. Here. I just thankful for this assembly. Thankful for Brother Brian helping drive up this evening. May the Lord bless him for that. Amen. Exodus 3, if you have your Bibles, I mean, last time we were with you, we were in the book of Exodus. And if it's okay, we'd like to stay there. We just been where we've been at in our study. And we're going to read out Exodus 3 and then 2 Timothy 3 and then we'll have you be seated. But it says, "Now Moses kept the flock of Jethro, his father-in-law, the priest of Midian, and he led the flock to the backside of the desert and came to the mountain of God, even to Horeb. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush. And he looked, and behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed." And Moses said, "I will now turn aside and see this great sight, why the bush is not burned." And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush and said, "Moses, Moses." And he said, "Here am I." And he said, "Draw not nigh hither. Put off thy shoes from off thy feet. For the place where on thou standest is holy ground." Moreover, he said, "I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. And the Lord said,"I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their task masters. For I know their sorrows, and I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land, unto a good land, and a large unto a land flowing with milk and honey, unto the place of the Canaanites, Hittites, Amorites, and Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites. And now therefore, behold the cry of the children of Israel has come unto me, and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppressed them. So come now, therefore, and I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of Israel, out of Egypt? And Moses said unto God, Who am I that I should go unto Pharaoh, and that I should bring forth the children of Israel, out of Egypt? And he said, "Certainly, I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee that I have sent thee when thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, you shall serve God upon this mountain." Amen. In 2 Timothy 3, starting in the first verse, it says, "This know also that in the last days perilous time shall come." And here he begins to describe a group. It says, "For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God." Now, that sounds pretty a bad state of affairs when he's describing that. But then he would go on to say that they would have a form of godliness and would deny the power thereof. From such turn away. For of this sort are they which creep into houses and lead captive silly woman laden with sins led away with diverse lust. Ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. And now as Janice and Jambers withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth. Men of corrupt minds reprobate concerning the faith. But they shall proceed no farther for their folly folly shall be manifest unto all men as theirs also was. Amen. Could we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, we thank you for this grace you've given us, Lord, to gather into your presence, Father. Lord, to thank upon your word for just a few moments, Lord. And and Father, I pray that you just come down into our midst, Lord, and give us a grace, Lord Jesus, that something could be spoken, Father, that could help somebody along the way, Lord. That as a word goes out, may it go forth in power and anointing, Lord. That it might break through the shells, Lord, of the human spirit, Father, and find its way into the soul of souls, Lord. That it might bring to pass something of eternal value, Lord, in a heart or in a life, Father. Lord, that you bring encouragement to the discouraged. I pray that you bring healing to the sick, deliverance to the bound, Father, that you just move, I pray, in the midst of your beloved people tonight, Father. We'll be sure to give you the glory and honor in Jesus name I pray. Amen. And you may have your seats this evening. Amen. Amen. And I just if we could just take a little thought out of that for just a few moments. Just like to speak on the the delivering power of our Exodus. The the delivering power of our Exodus. As we spoke to you last time on getting in the spirit of Exodus, speaking on how the children of Israel had come into Egypt and they were there, but they weren't there to stay. They didn't belong there. And they were getting in the spirit of getting out of there, but they were under task masters. They were under great burdens. They were under a heavy load. They were under an affliction. And there was the armies of Egypt that that were surrounding them. And so, it was going to take a power to deliver them. They knew that God had promised they were going to leave, but but it was going to take a power. And it was going to take something greater than the forces of Egypt to take them out and fulfill the promise. And and as we spoke last time, it was at the junction of the Exodus that there come a new Pharaoh that rose up which knew not Joseph. And that was Ramsy's foretti was the pharaoh. He knew Joseph. He he knew the blessings of Joseph. He knew how Joseph had been used of the Lord in the seven years of famine. And they honored Joseph for those 400 years. But at this junction, God raised up a pharaoh Ramsy's who knew not Joseph. He and brother Brandon would say that what was Joseph represented? It was the spiritual part in this spiritual exodus. So Ramsy's knew not the spiritual part of the Exodus. He knew the military might. He knew the politics, but he didn't know the spiritual side of this Exodus. And so Egypt uh uh the children of Israel lived in Egypt for a season. And brother Brandham begins to tie this into Revelations 12:14 where it says to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle and that she might fly into the wilderness into her place where she is nourished for a time and times half a time from the face of the serpent. Showing that there the children of Israel were nourished for a time in that land. They they had seasons under Joseph's ministry where they were kept and they were nourished. But there was coming a junction where they were going to leave. And so there rose up a pharaoh which knew not the blessings of Joseph. Just like America, the the the the the pilgrims fled for religious freedom. And in this nation, they were nourished for a time. They were nourished for a season. It was a there was a season of freedom and great liberty. But brother Brandon would begin to tie in in our Exodus how we were receiving a Pharaoh which knew not Joseph. And he begins to tie that to Kennedy being elected into office and that was the first Catholic president. And begins to show how when Kennedy was swore into office, he wouldn't swear to the freedom of religion. Amen. And and it was a raising up at a junction showing that it was marking a time of Exodus. And and there in the the the first Exodus, Amen, Pharaoh uh feared the children of Israel that they would grow up and be a mighty army. And so he begins to set task masters over him and begins to and command even the midwives that if it's a male child that it should be killed at its birth. And there's been death in every exodus. And there in the first exodus Rams was commanding death to the children. And we find that in the second exodus that when Christ come on the scene in his first coming, Herod made a decree that every child under two years old should be killed. But brother Brandon would say in this third exodus, it wouldn't be natural death, but it would be spiritual death. how they would take those two seeds as Daniel would speak of that iron and clay and they would begin to intermingle them. How they would take those of those Christians and marry them into that Catholic system and it would actually be bringing spiritual death. That they would be cast into a bed of worldliness and that they would be spiritually killed. That the children would be raised up and married into that system and be destroyed. And it was a growing forth of a Ramsay's power. And brother Brandham said or in the church age book, it begins to describe how we've had one Catholic president and we'll no doubt have another. And we see even in the hour we're living that we've had another Catholic president, Joe Biden, and the cabinet's full of Catholics. And and and we know these things are only going to progress until eventually that they'll buy off America's debt and America will sell out to that power and and those things will come to full manifestation. But but it it's growing. It's exodus time. I mean, we see in our Exodus that Ramsy's is growing. Amen. And growing in in political power and growing in religious power, but but but but there's only two powers. And we want to make that known this evening that there's two powers. And you can take every church, you can take every system, every religion, every nation, and you can bring it down to two powers. And that's the power of God and the power of Satan. Amen. That's the power of God and the power of the devil. That's the power of life and the power of death. However you want to separate it, there's only two powers and Satan can only pervert the true power of God. Amen. A a lie is only a truth mistold and adultery is only a righteous act misrepresented and all these things. It's a power but it's only a perverted power. And while Ramsy's is growing, Brother Brandham said, "But remember, while Ramsy's was growing into power in Egypt, God had Moses in the wilderness. He was growing, too. Ramsy's had a political system, but God had a spiritual system under a prophet ready to come down to speak to the people. Amen. while Ramsay's is growing in power and we can even see that when Kennedy was in office was at the same time the seven seals were breaking forth because there's two powers and there's more than religious power and there's more than political power but God was establishing a supernatural power at the same time raising up establishing a spiritual system that would be under a prophet I mean that would lead the true believer out in an exodus that wouldn't be caught here in the deception of the spiritual uh corruption that even so much that you would be took up by the power of God till this Ramsay's power. Amen. Though it may be as close as it could be, but it won't deceive the very elect. If it were possible, it would. But it's not possible because you are a part of another system. Amen. You are a part of God's elect chosen bride that's been ordained to come out of her, my people, and to go into every promise and every blessing of the living God tonight. And we've been called out by revelation. and you've recognized the two spirits operating within the framework and you have uh uh recognized it and prevailed over it and you have become an invincible army. Amen. Because you have recognized, amen, the power of the prophet of the of the spiritual revelation that's been released in this age has caught you up in another power. I think of how God begins to establish this system here in Exodus and Moses actually come on the scene and he was born and the Bible says that when he was born that Jockabed looked upon him and saw that he was a goodly child. Now I I if you don't believe in election and predestination of God, I I just don't understand how somebody could come away with that after studying this message. how even at Moses's birth, the Bible describes him as a goodly child because gifts and callings are without repentance. Amen. And you are what you are by the grace of God. Amen. You have brown hair this evening and blue eyes or brown eyes and and blonde hair. Amen. Because of your makeup, because of your DNA, you didn't choose that. And you can't by thinking, you can't add one cubit to your stature by worrying, by fredding. And so it is in your supernatural birth. Amen. You were not Amen. Uh uh here this evening because you chose to be. You weren't saved because you chose to be. But it was God's grace. Amen. By grace are you saved through faith, not of your own selves, lest you should boast. But it's the grace of God that knew that you would desire to be saved and put your name on the lamb's book of life. By fornowledge he could predestinate you and call you that when you came on the scene, Amen. that he would know. Amen. And predestinate you because gifts and callings are without repentance. Amen. And a and if you're a preacher, you're a preacher whether you're saved or not. The gift is there. Amen. You you you you can you might be able to pray for the nine spiritual gifts. You might be able to pray to speak in tongues and things like that, but the offices of God, Amen, are not something that just come at your salvation, but they're in you always. They're without repentance. Just like a prophet is born a prophet. Amen. Moses was born a prophet. John the Baptist, amen, 712 years before he was born, the scripture said there was a voice of one out in the wilderness crying, "Prepare the way of the Lord." Amen. Jeremiah was ordained in his mother's womb to be a prophet. But brother Brandham doesn't just leave it there, but he goes on to say, "So are all true offices of God." Amen. If you are called of God, you didn't put yourself in that position, but God put you in that position. And he chose you in him before the foundation of the world. Amen. and elected you to be a son or daughter of God. And not only to be a son or daughter of God, but to be a preacher or a singer or a housewife. Amen. And if God called you, Amen. Nothing can stop what God has ordained you to do. Amen. But you'll be miserable until you heed to that call. Amen. But but but but it doesn't come and go. It's either there or it's not. Amen. It was there in Moses's life. Amen. Though Janice and Jambas couldn't be what Moses was. No matter how much they tried, they couldn't be what Moses was. For they were raised up for something different. Even the Bible says in Romans 9, as it is written, Jacob have I loved, and Esau have I hated. And in verse 15, it says, "For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion." So then it's not of him that willth or him that runth, but of God that showeth mercy. For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, now there in verse 15, he saith to Moses. But now he's saying, the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, even for the same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might show my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth. Therefore, he have mercy on whom he will have mercy, and whom he will, he hardeneth. Amen. He hath mercy on whom will have mercy, and he hardeneth who he hardeneth. Brother Brandon would even say that Esau tried to find a place to repent and couldn't find it. Amen. Pharaoh tried to to let the people go. And plague after plague, he would say, "All right, just go. Get out of here." But God would harden his heart because there was a a will to be fulfilled in his life. And God hardens who he hardens. But I'm so thankful tonight that the scripture didn't stop there. But it said he has mercy on whom he will have mercy in this evening. Amen. If Pharaoh couldn't find a place to repent, and Esau couldn't find a place to repent, what about the bride? Amen. You may have tried to run as hard as you could run, but you couldn't run farther than the hand of God reached out and grabbed a hold of you because he said he'll have mercy on whom he will have mercy. And if he's had mercy on you tonight, I don't care, Amen, how many drugs or how much alcohol would try to invade your life. God can reach out into a barroom, amen, or a prostitute room and get a hold of a son or daughter of God and lift him up. Amen. Out of the deepest, darkest myy clay because of his great election over your life. Amen. He has mercy on whom he will have mercy and he chose Moses. And there was something brother Brandham would say something must have happened at his birth to signify these things. And even in one place he says how Amram his father Amen how he had a dream or a vision I think it was where an angel come down and pointed to the north and begin to describe what God would do through Moses's life. Amen. And it it and it reminds me and it's a great parallel of of our prophet when he come on the scene. Amen. There was a light that came in the room. remember how how those things were uh even the alignment of the constellations at the time of his birth signifying amen that this wasn't just another man but God was align God was uh Amen had brought amen the people to a junction where he was raising up a prophet amen for the appointed time for this exodus and so that's important to us because they recognized from his birth that he was a goodly child they recognized from his birth that God was had something in store for his life and that would be necessary for Jockabed because all of a sudden there come a decree from the government that every son or every baby must be cast into the river and in the river was crocodiles in the river was alligators in the river was uh uh whirlpools and scary things but brother Brandham as we spoke last time that there's three heads or three powers to Nexodus amen there's the power of Satan the power of faith and the power of God. Amen. And how the power of Satan usually always acts first, remember? And so here the power of Satan was trying to act first to cut off, Amen. what God was doing in this Exodus. But there's a greater power than the power of Satan. And it's the power of God and the power of faith. And Jockabed had the power of faith. And she began to exercise it because she knew that the Lord gave Moses to her. And if the Lord gave Moses to her, then the Lord was able to keep Moses and they could have confidence in the word spoken over his life because God had showed him by vision that he was going to raise up and be a mighty deliverer. But Jockabed knew that he couldn't get the training he needed in her household. So by faith she must release him into the river of death. Amen. That he might get proper training. Amen. In the palace of Pharaoh. And so she released him by faith having confidence in the word over his life. Just like Abraham had confidence when he would say, "I and the lad are I and the lad are going into the mountain to worship and I and the lad will return." Because if God gave Isaac to Abraham, Abraham knew that God was able to provide a sacrifice for Isaac. A and Jockabed didn't refuse to follow the command of the government, but she knew that she could put her baby in an ark covered with pitch or an atonement. Amen. that he could in that pitch an alligator would come up and sniff him and go away because of the smell of that tarpentine. Because he was covered in an atonement that he could sail through every water, through every whirlpool, through every scare and in every shadow that she could release him by faith into the river of death, knowing that there was a power of life that could take him out of the river and put him in the palace of Pharaoh. Oh, God had his hand upon Moses. And that gives us confidence. Amen. in this dark world as parents and grandparents. Amen. How can we release our children into a world of spiritual death? Amen. When there's mandates and government policies and amen, what if they make them, Amen, do this and what if they mandate that and if you're not careful to bring fear upon a mother's heart. Amen. But you can apply the same faith tonight that if God gave them to you, God's able to keep them. Amen. And he's given you promises in his word that if you train up a child in the way it should go, it will not depart from it. And if you believe, then not only you, but thy and thy house shall be saved. Amen. How do I release them? Amen. We we don't just follow traditions. Amen. When we have our babies come up to be dedicated in church. Amen. That is an act of faith. I mean, saying, "Lord, you gave them to me and I'm going to give them back to you because I know that I don't have the power to keep them." I mean, you can hide them in a closet. You can take them out in the desert and try to shelter them from every dark spirit. But unless they have a true experience with the Holy Ghost, I mean, they'll still be lost. Amen. But, Brother Brandon preaches a message in teaching on Moses, I believe it was, how he begins to lay out a principle that if you keep something, you lose it. And if you lose it, you keep it. Amen. And who has any greater power? Amen. Us and our humanity and our wisdom or the power of God. And he's letting us know that if you want to keep your life, then you need to lose it. Amen. And if you want to keep your children, you need to lose them into the hands of a God that's able to keep them. Amen. Through every trial, through every heartache, through every amen, dark valley. And a And sometimes it looks really dark. Sometimes it looks, I mean, you go through a real trial and it looks really dark. Amen. But the power of faith sees the sun shining behind the clouds and declares, amen, that that that there's still of God, amen, on the scene. Because time and sight are two of God's worst enemies. Amen. Brother Brandham said, Amen, that neither one declares anything about God. It's two of God's worst enemies. But the believer has a sixth sense and that's a sense of faith that in the darkest valley it can look through the clouds and say, "I know the sun is still shining beyond the clouds." And that's what Jockabed in the trial of her faith. She could look out and say, "I know the sun is still shining behind the clouds." Amen. And she began to exercise the power of faith until she could release that ark and it would float down the river and begin to bump into something. And what was it? There was Pharaoh's daughter out in the river. Amen. Bathing there in the pool. And the the the skeptic might say, "What are the odds that she would be standing there at that exact time?" Or, "What are the odds of this and what are the odds of that?" But the believer doesn't look at odds. The believer doesn't look at statistics. Amen. But the power of faith is not limited to statistics. Amen. But the power of faith says that God is in control. And God cannot God can guide an ark through a river. And God can guide my life. Amen. Through every decision, through every job, through every valley. Amen. It's the guiding hand of God that faith believes in. Amen. Because faith doesn't look at the odds. It doesn't look at the medical charts. But faith says if there's only one going in the rapture, then it's me. Amen. Faith says if there's only one family going to be under the blood, it's my family. Amen. If 999 people died with this disease, Amen. faith says, but the word says I'm healed. And so I don't care what the statistics say. Amen. I am healed. Amen. By the power of God. Oh, and that faith, Amen, took Moses out of that river and put him in the palace of Pharaoh and paid Jockabed $300 a week, Brother Brandham said, to take care of her own son. Amen. And not only that, but they were fed, Amen. perfectly. They were getting steaks and eggs and and biscuits. Amen. Every day. Amen. whatever they wanted. And this was one time that God put the wool over Satan's eyes and made Satan's instrument raise up God's instrument to destroy himself. Amen. It's the power of faith. Amen. That could pluck him out of the river and cause Satan to raise him up. Amen. To destroy his own armies. Amen. Oh, because I don't care what the circumstances look like, but the power of faith overrides the circumstances. Because faith doesn't look at circumstances, but faith looks at one thing and that's God said so and that settles it. Oh, brother Brandham said that God can alter circumstances. He can make the impossible become a probable and not only probable but can make it a reality. Oh, glory to God. Brother Bram said, "Perfect faith is a master of all circumstances. It masters circumstances. No matter what it is, it masters it." Brother Brham said, "Faith believes that God will work it out." And brother Brandham said, "In the fundamental foundation for faith, you were born here to control all circumstances." Oh my. Faith controls circumstances. Circumstances don't control faith. Amen. And sometimes you got to get to that point in your life where you stop letting circumstances control you and you start controlling the circumstances. Amen. You are amateur gods, are you not? Amen. Weren't you born here to control circumstances? I mean, weren't you born here to have dominion over the flesh, over sin, and over the devil? You were not born here in this earth as a son or daughter of God. Amen. To live under the dominion. Amen. Of the power of the devil, but you were born here to control the circumstances with the power of faith. Amen. And if you'll just not fear the circumstances and just exercise your faith, you can actually control the circumstances. Amen. Uh it's a principle that brother Brandon brings out. He said that mother when she's cooking over that hot stove, if that oil pops out and burns her, he said if she'll rush for that ointment, then it'll burn her. But he said if she just won't fear, it won't hurt her. He said it's actually the scare that brings on the burn. Amen. That that might boggle our natural mind, but I got a quote for it. And then next he moves to Paul with the snake that bit his hand. And he said Paul didn't fear it. He just shook it off in the fire. and the circumstances couldn't hurt Paul because Paul didn't fear the circumstances. And then he moves to Peter walking on the water. And Peter defied circumstances when he walked on the water. And the only time he sunk Paul was when fear came in and he begins to sink beneath the waves. Amen. But when faith could be restored, it could bring him back out from the waves and set him on top of the water. Amen. Because there's two powers trying to control your soul. It's the power of unbelief and the power of faith. Those two powers are at war. But tonight, there's a power of faith, amen, that can refuse to fear the circumstances and gain dominion, amen, over the trial that you're going through. Amen. You've not been given the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. And if you just don't fear, oh, you can control. Amen. The the atmospheres that you live in tonight as a son or daughter of God. I I I think of those things either. I looked up that phrase, fear can, and it had no results because fear can't do anything for you. Amen. Brother Brandham say, if I was going to go before the firing squad in the morning, Amen. then what good would fear do for me? But faith can sign my pardon. Amen. Fear can't do nothing. But what can faith do? Faith can deliver you. Faith can set you free. Faith can sign your pardon. Amen. I think of our own testimony of our family a couple years ago. Amen. Before we had Spencer, we had a a youth camp and and and Bethany was had a desire in her heart, thinking of what should she ask for going into this prayer line and she just began to think and she just began to lay on her heart that she had a cousin out there in Arkansas and and was out in the world and wasn't doing good at all. And and then the other thing she was desiring was a baby uh because we hadn't had the baby yet and she was maybe beginning to build up a little bit of fear that maybe we would have trouble and been trying to have this baby. And so she just took those things before the Lord in that prayer line. And as she went through that prayer line, the power of God began to fall in the prayer line. And they they took her out to that other room. And there in that prayer room, something just began to flash before her mind. And she saw something out in front of her. And it was her cousin holding a little baby boy in a blanket. And you know what? It was a year later at that exact same camp. She's standing there taking a picture and all of a sudden it hits her that there's her cousin that was out in the world holding a baby boy in a blue blanket. Amen. Because the power of faith doesn't bow down to fear and failure. The power of faith doesn't bow down to the circumstances, but faith says I serve a God. Amen. Where there is no way, he can make a way. Amen. Where there's a mountain, he can make a plane. Where there's a valley, he can lift me up and set me back on my feet and give me the desire of my heart. Amen. What about Ron Spencer who's been battling cancer for 5 years and not only is he still here but he just got a clear brain scan. Amen. Because a power of faith, amen, can keep a believer. Amen. Not only keep him alive, Amen. But Amen. They can have dominion over the kingdom of Satan. Oh, and bring terror to the devil. Brother Brandham said that he's beginning to say how he talked to a doctor. And he says if if somebody's described or or or if they're uh given a diagnosis of a real terrible disease, he said usually if the person fears that thing, he said it'll almost instantly kill them. But he said if you have a believer or someone who's not scared to die, he said it'll almost that case every time and they can live for years and years. Oh, but brother Brandham said this. He said, "Now what if your frustrations will hold that up there and your one conscience will drop it down and make your body function right? What will it do when you let the Holy Spirit roll in?" He said, "It will perform everything that Christ promised. You become an instrument of the Holy Spirit." Amen. Amen. Fear, Amen, will cause that thing to have dominion over you. Amen. In the first conscience will almost the case. But he said when the Holy Ghost rolls in, I mean, it can take it completely away. Amen. It's the power of faith, friends. It It's a greater power than the power of death. Amen. Didn't Didn't Satan, Amen, have to give over, Amen, control to the Lord when he said, Amen mean that that that Job was a servant and he wanted to test Job and give him trials. But the Lord put him on a leash and said, "Satan, Amen, you can touch him, his family, and you can touch his home, but whatever you do, don't touch his life." Amen. Because the power of life, Amen, is so powerful. Amen. That the power of death, that's Satan's power, Amen. There's three powers, right? Satan's power is the power of death. Amen. But his power is only given in God's appointed season. Amen. And he can only use it when God allows him to use it. Amen. Satan's only power. And brother Brand said God hooked it up to a buggy. Amen. That that the only time that he can use it is when God says, "Amen, it's time for that believer to go home." And it only carries you into the presence of your maker. Oh, he can't touch a hair on your head without God's permission. And if God allows it, it must be for your good. And if God's ready to take us home, then we're ready to go. But Satan can't do it until God gives him permission. Amen. because he has no power. The Bible says in Hebrews 2, for as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same, that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death. That is the devil. And deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage. I mean, wouldn't Job say, "If a man die, shall he live again?" Amen. Even our prophet, he wasn't scared of death. Amen. But he was wondering, "What will it be like when we cross over? I I don't want to be just floating around like a spirit." But God in his infinite mercy. Amen. 2,000 years ago, he came on the cross and the power of life was hung on a wooden tree that he might destroy him who has the power of death. That he might deliver those who all their lifetime were under the bondage of the fear of death. and let a people know, amen, that you don't have to fear death because he showed Job Easter. He said, "Job," Amen. the flower goes into the ground and it comes up again. Amen. And Job wondered, "But what about man?" And God showed him Easter. And Job cried out in Revelation, "Yet in my flesh shall I see God." Amen. Because the power of death was destroyed at Calvary 2,000 years ago. Amen. tomorrow on Good Friday when he died on the cross. He took the keys of death, hell, and grave out of the hands of Satan and says, "Satan, you only have one power. And now I am stripping you of your power and I will control it the rest of your days. And you will not be able to torment my believing children. But in a few days on the day of Pentecost, I'm going to send back a power upon their lives. And it'll not be a power of death, but it'll be resurrection power." Amen. Oh, look at that man. He said, "If you destroy this temple in three days, I'll raise it up again." And then he sent that same power in a bride. And said, "Satan, you can't destroy her. You can't destroy. There's not enough atomic power. There's not enough cancer. There's not enough diabetes and to destroy the quickening power of the Holy Spirit." Oh, the same quickening power that quickened your spirit to this word can also quicken your mortal body. Oh, it's already been tested on the first Easter. He tested it and said it works. And he sent it back upon a church and said, "As I live, ye shall live also." Amen. Amen. What a resurrection that was. But what a resurrection this is when a bride has caught a hold of the same resurrection power. And it's loosed you. Amen. And it's caused you to recognize, Amen, that you don't have to fear any power the devil has any longer. You can be loosed from every bondage and gain dominion o over every spirit. Oh my, what a powerful thing he did for us, friends. What a power, the power of the life of God that's been released into the church tonight. Amen. That's what we're depending on. You see, Moses, I mean, one day he looked out of that window, the same window that Pharaoh looked out of, and by faith he chose to be counted not with the kingdom of of Egypt, but with the mudbers and the children of Israel. He chose to become one of them. Amen. That's why brother Brandham left the Baptist church. He saw that group that was rejected and laughed at and he said, "I I'll become one of them." And by faith he left the church and become one of them. One of those holy rollers, one of those spiritfilled. Amen. And Moses looked out and said, "I'll become one of them." But what did he do? He seen one of his fellow Israelites being a mean attacked or tormented by an Egyptian soldier and he got in the flesh and he went out and killed that Egyptian soldier. Amen. Because he got in the flesh and that death became a shame to him. And brother Brandham said, "That's what we've got from these so-called revivals. It's just a bunch of dead church members." Amen. 40 years of training in the palace of Pharaoh. Amen. Produced one dead Egyptian. Amen. And it wasn't so much the death of the Egyptian because when he got in the spirit, he would destroy a whole army and it would be a glory unto him. But he got in the flesh and it became a failure. Because failure of intellectual religion, it's always been a failure. The failure of religion without a true experience has always been a failure. It's never been able to produce what God is looking for. It's the failure of human ability. Amen. But oh, Amen. God's strength is made perfect in weakness if you can just recognize that you can't do it in yourself. Amen. And that there requires a greater power. Moses recognized he could not deliver them by knowledge or by theology. And brother Brandham said, "God today is not going to deliver his people by education. He never promised to do it." He said, "He's not going to deliver them by theology. He never promised to do it. He's not going to deliver them by science. He never promised to do it. He's not going to deliver them by denomination. He never promised to do it. But he will deliver them." Oh, I'm thankful for a way of escape. He said he will deliver them by the power, supernatural power of changing their lives and molding them into the children of God. Oh, that's God's provided way of escape. He won't do it by theology. He won't do it by denomination or churchity, but he will do it by the power of transformation. That he will transform a life. Amen. By his power and make it a new creature in Christ Jesus. That is God's power of deliverance. Amen. He don't do it by theology. And not only does he not do it by theology, amen, brother Ben. But in fact, the prophet said that God hates a powerless religion. God wants to perform his word by his power. Amen. But the church wants to operate through creeds. And how can those two operate together? And they can't. And that's why they've went on without the Lord. Amen. And they're not operating. Amen. All they're producing is a bunch of dead Egyptian. But God, I mean, he hates the powerless religion. But he wants to perform his word, not through creeds, but through power. I mean, the wheels of God's power are trying to turn and but the church has locked them up with a bunch of muck of sin and watered down religion. But if that wheel can just be washed by the water of the word, then it can start to turn again. And it's turning tonight in a pride who says, "Amen. We will not limit you, Amen, to a bunch of of just churchity. We will not limit you to a bunch of theology." Amen. But if you are God, let God be God. Like they said on Mount Carmel, Amen. If he be God, Amen. then let him be God. The one who answers by fire. That's the God that will follow. And that's what I say tonight. The one who answers by fire, that's the God that I want to follow. The one who answers by power, that's the one I want to follow. Oh, I sometimes I feel like those children of Israel in that fiery furnace, they said, "Our God is able to deliver us, but even if he doesn't, we will not bow." Amen. Even if he doesn't, we will not bow. Amen. Even if God chose to left me here on this earth to go through the judgment, I've seen enough of the power of God to say, "Satan, I will not bow to a halfway religion. I will not bow to a bunch of cold formal worship. I will not bow." Amen. To just binding our young people, amen, to a 10-step program for deliverance. That's not God's program. But God's program is to let the power of God, Amen, come into the house of God. Oh, there's there's plenty of churches who have a form of godliness and deny the power thereof. Amen. But they're like those uncircumcised Egyptians who try to follow the children of Israel through the Red Sea. They didn't make it because they didn't have the goods. Amen. But the power of the Exodus comes from the power of the Holy Ghost. And so we will not deny the power of God. Amen. But like Rebecca, we are going to water the very power that's going to take us out of here. Oh, I say there's only one power to take a bride in a rapture. There's only one power that could call a bride out of the systems and it's a spiritual power under a prophet. Amen. And if you get in the waters of those powers and they can carry you like John Ryan could cry out, I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it. That's what the bride is doing tonight. Amen. They went off the the log of ecclesiastism. Amen. Because that log was heading to death, but they got on the log of the vindicated word and they said, "I'm writing on it." Amen. This is the power. Amen. That's going to take us into a rapture. This is the power that's going to change our bodies. Amen. It's the power of God. Amen. Doesn't the Bible say quench not the spirit and despise not prophesyings? Oh, don't quench the power. Water the power. Oh, but I'll tell you this. Amen. Putting the power in order in the church is not quenching it. Amen. Placing it in its rightful position is not the same as quenching it. But brother Brandham taught the gifts in order. And then he said, "If you want to see, A, if you put it in that kind of order, watch what Pentecost rises to." Amen. He didn't say, "Watch what that thing will diminish to." He said, "If you put it in order, watch what it rises to." Amen. Because this message didn't quench the power of the Pentecostal age, but it put it in order. Amen. Because they were blowing all the power off as steam. Amen. But when it came under a prophet's message, he put it in order. Amen. That it wouldn't all blow off at steam, but that it would go to work. Oh my. Amen. That power is in the church tonight. Amen. But it's channeled in a bride. It's not being all blown off, but it's been put in earthn vessels and it's gone to work. Amen. Putting a bride in her adoption seat. And it's that power that will change your body. Oh, quench it not. Oh, but water it. We won't sell out our birthright. Amen. For a mess of pottage. Amen. I have I I I'm a young man, a very young man in this in this word. But I've come far enough to know there is only one power that's going to perform this Exodus. Amen. And it's the power of God. It's the power of the Holy Ghost. It's the power of this word. A and and when Moses, Amen, went under another power, the people feared him. And they feared the deliverer, the very one that they were supposed to believe in reverence. They feared him and and and and and so much that God was ready and Moses was ready, but the people weren't ready. And they had to wait another generation to come out while Moses was out in the wilderness. And there they've been there 400 years, but they had to wait 440 years. Amen. While God, I mean, had his prophet out in the wilderness. and and and brother Brandon would speak to us on these things about how when that that spirit was walking out on the water to those disciples, they would say, you know, they they they would get afraid. Amen. But you're all familiar with the sermon and he would speak out, "It is I. Be not afraid." Amen. That spirit that the world looked at and called fanaticism and heresy and holy rollers. Amen. But a prophet would preach. Amen. And I don't believe he was just preaching about 2,000 years ago, but he was preaching about his message that the people would make fun of and laugh at. And he's saying, "It's him. Don't fear it. It's him. It's I It's the only help of that you have for your deliverance." He's saying you're they they feared the only thing that was able to deliver them, the only thing that was able to help them. A and they get so afraid of of the fanaticism until they fear the very deliverer. Amen. And that's why I mean when Janice and Jambers come on the scene, they come to impersonate the true gift of God of the hour. Amen. And they were sent there. Amen. To throw the people off the track. They were sent there to try to get the the the people to look at the wrong thing. Amen. But the scripture would say, "Don't fear them. Their folly will be made manifest. And if somebody calls himself a prophet and what they say doesn't come to pass, don't fear that man because he's not a true prophet, his folly will be made known. Amen. So that's why the believer, you're not meant to focus on the impersonators. Amen. That have come in this age because the Bible said they would come as Janice and Jambas withtood Moses. So these men would rise up having a form of godliness to try to withstand the the true message of God. Amen. But if you'll just get your eyes off that, that's only a proof that there's a genuine article. Oh my. And the believer looks to the message and says, "That is the genuine article of God." Amen. That stood in the midst of every Janice and Jambress and withtood the test. Oh, even at that man that would try to come in the line and and write the wrong thing on his prayer line. Amen. Trying to withstand, Amen. the Moses of our day. If I could say that. But when he tried to do it, amen, the very sickness that he wrote on the card came upon him because the spirit, amen, that was within the prophet. Amen. Brother Brandon would have never known that. Amen. But there was a spirit, amen, that was on the scene that was a greater power. Oh my, than every critic that could say you don't have that disease. Amen. But now you do have it. Oh my. It's the prevailing power over every critic, over every impersonator. Oh, don't fear it. Don't look to him. Look to that message and move forward. Amen. There, that runaway prophet ended up out in the wilderness. And there he was. And he married a wife and he had children and he began to settle down to just raising sheep. Brother Brian, there he was out in the wilderness just raising sheep, just going about his life. Amen. But he didn't forget those things. He began to wander. And as he walked out there with those sheep out in that that wilderness, he's walking and brother Brandham talks about how those crystal tears begin to run down his face. There he is, a man 80 years old. He's he supposedly to his mind, he's probably wasted in 40 years or 80 years of his life. He disobeyed the Lord. He missed his calling. He's out in the wilderness. This is what his life has amounted to. Amen. But while he's out in the wilderness, the cries of Egypt are coming up to the throne of God. And God is remembering his covenant. And Moses feels like he's missed his calling. But but brother Brandon would begin to say, you know, that they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. A and you may feel like a failure. Amen. You might be 80 years old. Amen. But it's not too late to start serving the Lord. And he begins to, you know, like we spoke earlier, if you're hungering after the Holy Ghost, you'll be miserable. Amen. Until you, Amen, heed to the call. And if God's calling you, Amen, to to a position, you'll be miserable until you heed the call. But God had ordained Moses for the position. And there was nothing that could stop Moses, Amen, from coming to his position. Amen. I if God had to, he could raise up rocks, Amen, to cry out. He could have the trees preach his gospel. Amen. But he didn't need him because he had a prophet on the scene. Oh my. So there Moses is down by Mount Horeb and God sends down a pillar of fire. And that pillar of fire begins to begins to move through the trees and move through the bushes. And all of a sudden it settles down in a bush. And Moses hurting his sheep looks over and it attracts his attention. Amen. And Moses turned from his regular routine of hurting sheep to walk down another path. Amen. Towards a pillar of fire. And it changed Moses when he did that. Amen. Just like it changed Mary when she went from a regular path to the water pot in the well to turn down a path where the angel Gabriel was standing there whirling and was going to give her a commission. Amen. To birth Jesus. And just like it changed you when you turned down the path and mean you you've maybe thought you were just here to be an electrician or a plumber or a carpenter one day and the light of this message begin to attract your attention and you begin to turn aside and look at that light and that light begin to call you by name and say Brian Paul. Amen. David and begin to call you by name and it begin to call you into a conference with the pillar of fire. Amen. and you begin to humble yourself and take off your shoes and begin to commune with the Lord just like Moses did in that presence of that pillar of fire. Amen. And in five minutes, Amen. that pillar of fire had what Moses lacked in 5 minutes. He got more than he got in 40 years in the palace of Pharaoh and 40 years in the wilderness. 5 minutes in the presence of the burning bush. Amen. And all doubt begin to fall away. Amen. And what Moses had been taught by his mother laid in his mind in an intellectual faith. But in the presence of that pillar of fire, it took that word and brought it to a reality. I mean, the gasoline, if I could say it, was there the whole time. But when life came on the gasoline, it proved that Moses was the true prophet for that hour. I mean, so did the gasoline lay in the bride of Jesus Christ. But you couldn't prove it was gasoline just cuz it was in a gasoline can. It might be water. Amen. But the way to prove if it was gasoline was to put, Amen, a match inside. Oh, and when God sent the life on this bride, it proved that you are the true bride. It proved that you are the one, Amen, that we've been looking for. You are the one that the prophets have spoke of. You are the one, Amen, that time has been waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. And when the life of this message waved across you, amen, you begin to come forth in resurrection power proving, amen, that you are the bride. Oh, every intellectual thought you ever had of this message, every quote you ever memorized, oh, when you got in the presence of that burning bush, it began to come to life and you begin to recognize that wasn't just a quote about somebody else. That's a quote about me. I am that bride. I am that one. I am the one that's sent here to fulfill this scripture and that scripture. And these things begin to come to life. Oh, and after that time, Moses could no longer be shaken. Oh, he never returned to that bush again. Amen. I in that same condition. But, Amen, he was under a new anointing. He had been in a conference where he received a commission. Amen. That he was sent to deliver the children of Israel. He could no longer be shaken. Amen. And that's a problem today with so many that walk away from this message. It's that they never spent the five minutes in the burning bush. They never stayed on those sacred sands. They got the intellectual faith and that's as far as they went. Amen. But if you ever go into the presence of that bush, it'll tie an absolute around your life. Amen. that no matter how many critics come, no matter how many Janice and Jambers come, no matter how many other voices come, that absolute will hold you. Amen. It'll hold you in the middle of trial like it held brother Brandham when he lost his mother and his daughter. Amen. That light was there and it held him through his deepest trials. Brother Brandham could say when that when that voice would begin to speak out to him that he should just give up. If this is all God can do for him after spending his whole life praying for the sick, he should just give up. Amen. But there come forth out of that light and his being a another voice that said no, the Lord gives and the Lord takes away and blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, the light had a voice and that voice began to commune with a prophet and it be to tell him, amen, that he was Moses and that, Amen, that he was going to use him to deliver the children of Israel. And Moses had maybe seen a lot of fire and heard a lot of voices, but this was a scriptural voice. It begin to speak out, I've heard the cries of my people. And I remember my covenant. And Moses recognized that that was a scriptural voice. And Moses Moses didn't just leave there saying, "Oh, I seen a fire. The fire burned bright. It was a beautiful fire." But Moses left there having talked to a voice. And oh my, that's what some people, that's the only thing they got out of this message was the first pole and the second pole. But they failed to listen, amen, to the voice of that third pole. Amen. That would speak out the revelation of this end time word. Amen. And it would be a voice, amen, that would call a bride out of a church. Amen. And the bride didn't just recognize the sign of Sodom, but the bride heard the Malachi voice and it was a scriptural voice and it was calling you, come out and revealing to you the great mysteries of this word. Oh my, it was a scriptural voice and it began to speak to you, I am that I am. Amen. When that light identified itself to Moses, it spoke that he was the I am. Amen. When Jesus was on the earth, Amen. And John was there with him at the Jordan River. Amen. He said, "Upon whom thou see the spirit of the Lord descending upon?" That would be the lamb of God. And John seen it coming down like a dove. And said, "Behold the lamb of God." Amen. Because Jesus could say, "I came from God and I'm going back to God. I came from the pillar of fire and I'm going back to the pillar of fire." And they could say, "Amen. How do you know Abraham?" And he would say, "Before Abraham was, I am." And he say, "How do you know Moses?" He could say, "I was the one that spoke to Moses." in the burning bush. I was the one that stood there. Jehovah of the Old Testament is Jesus of the New. And the pillar of fire had took on flesh. And the man Christ Jesus. Oh, the same one that was in this bush. The same one that met Paul upon the road to Damascus. Oh, the same one that had his picture taken with our prophet. It was the same pillar of fire because he's the I am. And he begins to speak to Moses. Amen. But here's a beautiful thing was that the the fire didn't stay in the bush. But brother Brandham said the fire left the bush and it came upon Moses. Oh, glory to God. I love that so much. Amen. Brother Brandham would begin to say that the pillar fire that Paul met came into Paul and that's why he could write the book of Hebrews. Amen. Because the fire that was on the road came into him and that's why Moses could write the first four books of the Bible. Brother Bram said, "How would Moses know how creation began?" He wouldn't know. But I'll tell you who know, the fire knew and the fire left the bush and came into Moses and that he could write the first four books of the Bible. Oh, praise be to God. Amen. Amen. And he came into Moses in so much, Amen. that he would speak. Amen. The people, Amen, before he used to speak through the pillar of fire, but the people didn't like it. They feared it. And they said, "We don't want to see the fire no more. We don't want to hear the fire no more." And so God said, "All right, I'll raise you up a prophet, and I'll put that fire inside of him." And Moses would enter behind the veil and get the word from the Lord, and he would be the one speaking, but it wasn't his voice. He was just a mouthpiece. It was really the voice of the fire speaking. And Moses became the living word to them. Oh my. But I'm speaking of more than just Moses now because a mean look at our prophet. Amen. Brother Brandon would stand there and at the end of the service he would say how you know I'm waiting on something. He'd say he hasn't come into me yet. He's the one that does the revealing. He's the one that knows the secrets of the heart. is that if he just comes in and takes over my spirit, I mean, then he could be begin to cry out, you have arthritis and you have back trouble and you live at this address and you live at that address. Why? Amen. Because he was a prophet. God was establishing a spiritual power under a prophet and that he could come in and begin to discern the thoughts of the hearts. Oh my brother Wayne, one time he was in India and he was listening to that conference there. Moses talking to that pillar of fire and he begins to meditate on what would it be like to have that conversation? What would it be like to talk to that pillar of fire? And a voice spoke out to him and said, "You are listening to the voice of it." Amen. Do you believe that, friends? I mean, when you turn on those tapes, are you listening to the voice of William Brandom? Are you listening to the voice of the pillar of fire? Amen. It didn't just discern the hearts, but who opened those seals? Amen. Who did this? It wasn't brother Brandham. Amen. But it was the pillar of fire that come on the scene. Amen. I'll say this. I don't believe he just came here to have his picture taken. But he came here to deliver a bride. Amen. He came here, amen, to catch you up into the revelation of the word and even so much that it would so consume you till it would change your mortal body. Amen. Did not he say to Moses, Moses, I have come down to deliver them, but hold on. I'm sending you. Oh, don't get caught up in the veil. God would put himself inside of the veil. And he said, I'm sending you, Moses, but really, I am the one that has come down to deliver. And when he would write in first Thessalonians, the Lord himself shall ascend with a shout. That was a message calling a bride together. Amen. But when this picture was taken there out above the deserts, Amen. And brother Brandham could identify it and say that's our Lord up there. Amen. This is not the works of a man. This is not the works of a Kentucky hillbilly. This is the works, Amen. of God Almighty who's come down into our generation and said, "I am going to be the power to catch a bride into a rapture." Oh, fear not, Moses. Surely I will be with thee. And then you're going to come to some Red Seas. And when you come to him, if you're not careful, you're going to get a little afraid. And there, the children of Israel begin to get afraid. And they begin to worry. I mean, that we would have been better off back in Egypt. But Moses, under inspiration, spoke out and said, "Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord. Ye need not fight in this battle." And then the Lord would speak back. Moses, don't cry. Speak unto the children of Israel and go forward. Amen. Ye need not fight in this battle. Amen. But the Lord shall fight for you, just stand still. The power to deliver, Amen. is on the scene. Oh, but brother Brandon would even say, Amen, that that if it comes into me to discern, Amen. But it's got to come into you as well to believe. Amen. He say, if it comes into me, but it's got to come into you, too. And then he would go, oh, to Pentecost. How that same fire was sent down upon a church. And that same fire wouldn't just dwell in a prophet, but it would dwell in a people. And it dwells tonight in a bride. Amen. I believe in Revelations 10:7 in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. But a few verses later, he would tell John to eat the book and say, "John, thou must prophesy again." Amen. And won't this final bride? Won't this bride be the final voice to the final age under their messenger? Amen. And how are you going to do it? I mean, if it's going to speak the same thing as your messenger, are you going to have to memorize it just the way he spoke it? Or will it be the same fire that spoke it through him in a bride to speak it through you? Oh, the same fire that was in brother Brandham and his dwelling in a bride tonight. And I uh friend Moses when he stood in the presence of that pillar of fire, there was a time where he said, "Lord, who am I? I have so many insecurities. is I have so many failures. I have an impediment of speech. But there came a time where God would commission him and make him as a god onto them and as a god onto Aaron. And Aaron would be his prophet. Amen. And there's some times in your life if you're not careful, amen, that all you begin to speak is insecurities and all you begin to speak is your failures and all you begin to speak is your faults. And you say, "I'm not good enough. I'll never be good enough. I I I I'm so helpless. I'm so insufficient. And that's the truth. You are insufficient if there wasn't a higher power. Amen. But sometimes, amen, brother Dave. Amen. We got to get to the point where we stop speaking and we let the fire speak. Amen. You say, "I I I'm sick. I'm depressed. I'm anxious. I'm full of troubles." Amen. But why don't you let the fire speak for a moment? And that gene seed inside of you, that fire of God, amen, it will only speak the word. And if you let it have preeminence, amen, and you begin to confess the word, say, "No, I'm a son of God. I'm going in a rapture." Amen. I am the pure, virtuous, sinless. Amen. Bride of Jesus Christ. Oh, let the fire speak. Amen. Your voice. Amen. If you're only looking at your flesh, you're always going to come up short. Amen. But there's a life inside of you that is able to quicken this mortal body. Oh, give him the preeminence. Let him do your thinking. Amen. Cast down your thoughts. Let the fire do your thinking. Cast down your words. Let the fire do your speaking. Let the fire do your praying. Let the fire do your singing. Let the fire do the preaching. Amen. Because the voice is in the bride. Oh, speak the word says and move forward. Amen. Brother Brandham always wondered about that Mark 11. And there he is sitting under that tree that one day hunting squirrels. And the Lord begins to come and deal with him and says, "It's like all other scriptures. It's true." And brother Brandham wondered at it because he believed that every blessing must come through the atonement. And he couldn't fathom how how how somebody when the scripture said, "Ye shall say to this mountain," what if they would say the wrong thing? and and and and what if they would speak wrongly? He he had trouble understanding that. But the Lord begins to deal with them and say, "Didn't you just get through speaking about how those prophets were so anointed of God that they could speak and it wouldn't be them speaking, but it would be God speaking?" And then, Brother Brandon begin to catch it. Ah, if a believer, if Moses could do that under the blood of bulls and goats that a son or daughter of God can get so wrapped in the blood cell of God and so close in fellowship with God that it actually wouldn't be them speaking, but it would be deity speaking to the mountain be moved and cast into the sea. And if deity is speaking, Amen. then the scripture can be fulfilled. Amen. Because only deity can move a mountain. Amen. And brother Brandham said, "I see your unbelieving pastor saying it was just a mountain of sin." Amen. But he said, "No, I know." Amen. He was kneeling by Mount Ol olives. He was speaking of an actual mountain. Amen. That you could speak and mountains could be moved. That a believer under inspiration could speak and missing limbs could be restored and squirrels could come into existence. And how could it be? Because it would be deity speaking and it would be deity performing. Amen. And it might not happen in a moment. It might happen one grain at a time. But before you know it, if it was not just you speaking, but if it was deity speaking, one day that mountain shall be flat because deity will perform. As it says in Ezekiel 37, he speaks about the vision of the valley of dry bones. And at the end of it, he comes down and says, "I the Lord have spoken it. I will perform it." Amen. He's not just a speaking God. But these words that he's sent into our age, they're performing words. He said, "My word won't return void, but it will accomplish that which I sent it to do." And and we are his thoughts that have been spoken into this age. And you weren't sent here to fall short. You were sent here to accomplish what he what he spoke you to do. Amen. As the musicians come, I mean, I'm thankful that there's a power to deliver. Amen. And you know what? The one who speaks will perform. Brother Brandham comes down to the end of his rapture message notes and he says, "It has been spoken, it shall be done." Amen. Who's going to perform this rapture? Amen. Are are we going to perform it? No. The God who spoke it is the God who will perform it. Brother Brandon would stand in prayer lines and begin to deal with people and begin to exercise that Mark 11 and that if you believe and don't doubt, you can have what you asked for. And he would begin to speak to that disease and say, "Now it's been spoken. It shall be done." Oh, it's the power. and and and and before they dismiss that conference that the last verse we read and then the scripture goes on but but but he tells Moses that this will be a token onto you that when you after you have worshiped you know when you've when you've had your Exodus when you've went through the Red Sea when you went through Janice and Jras you shall serve God again upon this mountain could he he could go through the darkest trials you know he had some hard days But you know, he could lay in his bed after those hardest days and just begin to think, Lord, what will it be one of these days? I'm going to reach that mountain again. And I'll worship you on that mountain, Lord. Amen. What you know what it was like? what what it must have meant to Paul when he was on that ship and it was tossing with every wave and the angel come in the ship and said Paul be of good cheer for thou must be brought before Caesar and there won't be the loss of any man or of the ship and when Paul didn't know what was going to stand between him and Caesar but he had the promise from an angel I'm going to be brought before Caesar Moses had a promise I'm going to be brought back to this mountain. And and we have a promise that one of these days that that land which we came from, that back part of the mind of God, that fellowship that we had where we shouted like Job before the foundation of the world and when we are going to go back, amen, to where we came from. Amen. We're only here in an Exodus. We're only here for a season. Amen. But the power is saying, don't fear. be of good cheer. And when you came from me, you're going to return to me. I'll be with you. I'll never leave you nor forsake you. And if you ever come to a mountain in your way, and it's in the path of duty, just wait on me. Hold on. Stand still. See the salvation of the Lord. I'll make a way where there is no way. And it won't be by might. It won't be by power, but as it said in Ze, I believe it's Zephaniah 4 or Zechariah 4, but it'll be by my spirit, sayaeth the Lord. Oh, brother Brandon would say, and not by might, not by power. This message didn't come by might or power, but it come by the spirit of the Lord with shoutings, crying, grace, grace onto it. It would be a message of grace. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Not by might, not by power, but it came to turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers, or to, in other words, I mean, the quotes there, I'm just paraphrasing it, but in other words, to build up a church in the power of God built upon the right foundation. All the denominations didn't have the power, amen, for this exodus. But God said, "I will build a spiritual system under a prophet that will rebuild a people in the power of God." Amen. That she'll be able to stand against every battle, every w of the devil. Amen. Are you thankful for it tonight? Amen. He's our exodus. Amen. Our Exodus is more than a book tonight. Our exodus is a person. He's your exodus from sickness to health. He is your exodus from the wheelchair to walking. And brother Brandham said, "The angel of the Lord accompanies this message always." So I believe I can say by the authority of the word, "Your Exodus is in the building tonight." Amen. If you have a need, your exodus is in the building tonight. You don't have to step amen into a counseling session with a a a hundstep program. I I I'm not speaking against, you know, if you counsel with your pastor and those things. I, you know, I believe those things have their place. But I believe there's a light that you can step into that's in the building tonight. Oh, that just a moment in that light of deliverance. And it'll open doors like it opened them for Peter in the prison. It looked like he was stuck in that prison, but a light come into that prison and begin to open doors. Oh, and I believe that light can still open doors tonight. I believe that light can close doors where you're not meant to walk. It can open them where you're meant to walk. It can stop the mouths of lions. Amen. You can change your path. Like brother Bham said, there they were walking in the hot sun of the task masters, but they changed from walking under that light to walking in the light of the pillar of fire. You can change courses from walking under the cruel sun of this dark evil age and you can turn aside and begin to walk in the light of the pillar of fire. Maybe we'll just bow our heads tonight. Amen. If you have a need in your heart, I believe the power to deliver is here. Amen. Maybe it's already delivered you, dear. Steering the preaching of the word, not because of any words of Isaac Hatfield, but Amen. Like Peter could speak these words and they could receive the Holy Ghost. These words still have power for they're not the words of man. Heavenly Father, I pray Lord that you just Lord bless each one tonight. Father, as we feel your presence in the building, Father, I believe though I can't see it with my natural eyes, I believe that pillar of fire is here tonight. Lord, you said that angel would accompany this message. You said it would be here, Father. It didn't leave with Brother Brandham. As brother Wayne said, one of those in that picture is still here. It's not brother Brandon, but Lord, it's that pillar of fire. It's still here. It's still here to deliver the drunkard from its alcohol. It's still here to deliver from pornography. It's still here to deliver from a lukewarm spirit. It's still here to deliver, amen, from sin and sickness. It's still here to deliver from cancer. It's still here to deliver from eczema. It's still here to deliver from arthritis. Lord, that light that stood by the prophet, Lord, stood there on the his right side, but sometimes it would leave his right side and come into him and begin to speak. Father, I believe your light is here tonight, Lord. And I don't believe there's anything too hard for you. May we just stand still in your presence, Lord. And as your prophet began to speak, the children of Israel stood still and watched. But then their enemy had to stand still. Because they stood still and waited on you, their enemy had to stand still. And father, I believe, Lord, the prophet began to say, Lord, that we ought to follow instruction and not emotion. And he said they would have just followed a motion. They would have been running around those sea banks and the Pharaoh's army would have caught him. But because they followed the instructions, stand still and see the salvation of the Lord, they were led through a Red Sea and their enemy was drowned. And Father, if we stand still and follow the instructions of your word, Lord, if there's one here desiring the Holy Ghost, the instruction is to repent and be baptized and you shall receive the Holy Ghost. And if they just do that, their enemy will have to stand still and watch as those chains of sin fall from their lives and they're born again in the power of God. Lord, one of these days, our enemy will have to stand still and watch as these old wrinkled bodies are made young. Lord, as our loved ones, as our prodigals come home, Lord, as our bodies are changed, as this exodus fulfilled, our enemy will have to stand still and just watch for his power is no match for yours. Lord, I pray you bless your children tonight. We give you glory in Jesus name. Amen and amen. God bless you. Amen. If you have a son, mountain. Hallelujah. They say these chains will never break. [Music] Let's just stand and worship the Lord for a moment. I know we've held you long, but I believe he's worthy of just a few moments of our time. We've heard that there is no way [Music] through. We've heard the tide will never [Music] change. But they haven't seen what you can do. There is power in your name. Oh, there's so much power in your name. Move the unbelable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it. From the impossible will see a miracle. God we believe. Yes Lord. God we believe for him. Oh hallelujah. We know that hope is never lost. For there is still an empty grave. God we believe. God we believe. No matter what there is power in your name. There's so much power, so much power in your name. Oh, move the unbroable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, I believe. God rebel for it. From the impossible, I will see a miracle. God, we believe. Yes, Lord. God, we believe for you. We know. Oh, we know that hope is never lost. For there is still an empty grave. God we believe God we believe. No matter what, there is power in your name. Want to believe it tonight? There is power in your name. Oh me break me [Music] God the [Music] impossible I will [Music] God you bring me God. Oh God, I believe it will be impossible. I will say God I [Music] believe. Oh yes, Lord God [Music] I when there seems to be no way. Yes, Lord. Lord, I trust in you, God. You have the foundation. You are the way. You are the way. When there seems to be no way, oh God, I'll trust in you. Is God together. For you are the way. You are the way. And there seems to be no way. Hallelujah. Oh, I trust in you, God. You have the You are the way to get on the way. You are my way. When there seems to be no way. Oh, we trust in you, Lord. We trust in you, God. Have a father say, "Move the unbroable. Break the unbreakable." Yes, God we believe. Lord, God we will be from the impossible. I will see a miracle. God we believe in your Lord God. Oh you said I believe you said yes it is. Oh Lord you said it. You say yes and I believe Lord. You say it. Oh Lord. Cuz he said it. Lord, you said it. And I believe it. Oh, God. You said it. I believe it's already done tonight. You said [Music] it. Lord Jesus, I believe it. I receive it. I believe it's already done. You said it. Yes, you said it. And I for you said it. It's already God. Break the Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we believe it tonight. We believe your word, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. from the impossible. I'll get to see a miracle. God, we believe. Yes, Lord. God, we believe for it. Move the unmovable. We break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe for it from the impossible. I will see a miracle. [Music] God from the impossible. I will see a miracle. God we believe. God we believe [Music] forever. Hallelujah. Amen. Can you believe he moves the unmovable [Music] tonight? Oh, you said I believe. You say that it is done. You said it. You said it. And I believe it. You said it. It is more time. You said it. And I believe Lord, you said it. Amen. Just once more, real softly. Lord, you said it and I believe it. Lord, you said it. It is. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we believe your word, Lord Jesus. Lord, we believe, Lord, your word has power, Lord Jesus. Lord, to break every chain, Lord Jesus. Break every stronghold, Lord Jesus. We believe, Lord God, that Lord, that same power, Lord, our brothers talked about is in the building tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh, Lord Jesus. Lord, we yield to that, Lord Jesus. revealed to you, Lord, and what you've spoken to us tonight, Lord Jesus, to encourage us, Lord, to march forward, to march on, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, we so thank you Lord Jesus for your word Lord Jesus that you brought to us tonight Lord Jesus. I pray that Lord Jesus that Lord Jesus wherever we may be in our journey Lord Jesus or whatever wherever anyone may be tonight Lord Jesus may it take courage Lord Jesus from this word Lord you've spoken to us tonight Lord Jesus or to press into you Lord Jesus to press into the Holy Ghost to press into deliverance to press into healing Lord Jesus cuz Lord Lord like that song said Lord it's Lord you said it it's already done all we have to do is just Lord Believe it, Lord. Accept it, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, what you did for us, Lord Jesus. You paid the price for us, Lord Jesus. All we have to do is accept it, Lord Jesus. Lord, I I know my brother, sister, we all say the same, Lord. We accept, Lord Jesus, what you have for us, Lord Jesus. We accept your word, Lord Jesus. We accept, Lord Jesus. We believe each and every promise, Lord Jesus, that you've given to us, Lord. We believe, Lord, it's for us. It's already done. Satan is defeated. Thank you Lord Jesus. We believe it Lord Jesus. I pray Lord be with my my brothers and sisters Lord Jesus that you encourage them and strengthen them on life's way Lord Jesus may be with them tomorrow Lord as they go to their jobs Lord schooling Lord whatever it may be Lord Jesus the same presence that we feel in this place Lord may we take it with us Lord wherever we go Lord Jesus almighty God how we love you Lord Jesus how we thank you Lord pray be with brother Isaac Lord Jesus too and give our brother strength Lord thank you Lord as he yielded himself to you and Lord just pray be with our pastor Lord in Canada. Lord, as he's we're praying for the meetings there, Lord, just praying to you give us strength in his body as well and be with him. And Lord, be with us, Lord. So, we should meet again appointed time. We love you, Father. We thank you for all you've done for us, Lord Jesus. We will praise you. We accept, Lord, for what you've done. We praise you for all you've done. We thank you, Lord, what you're doing, what you're yet about to do in our lives. We can't praise you enough. We love you, Lord. Commit the rest of the night to your hands. Be with my brothers, sisters, Lord. Go with them, Lord. We love you and we thank you Lord in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. How can how many can say it's been good to be in the house of the Lord today? Amen. Let's just sing. Let's just take this word with us. Amen. Pie into our hearts. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You're supposed to go the third Lord. Amen. I believe God. I believe pouring from me impossible. I'll get to see a miracle. God we believe. Oh God [Music] we move the unbelievable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe for it possible. We'll get to see a miracle. God we believe. Oh God we believe from the [Music] impossible. I'll get to see a miracle. God, we believe God [Music] [Music] we won't forget the wonders of how you brought deliverance the exodus of my heart. Lord, you found me and you freed me. Held back the waters to my release. Oh Yahe, cuz you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn aart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh, by day is a son that you are with me. The fire by night. There's a God who lights my fre. You found me free. Help the waters from my release. [Music] Oh, because you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. You have to mark the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're the God of the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Oh hallelu. You have to the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. You stepped down to my ages and you took me by the hand. You mar me out in freedom to the promised land. I'll not forget you. I will sing of all you've done. For death is the wall forever. By the fury of your love, you set down. You set down to my Eel. You took me by the hand. Lord, you wash me out in freedom. to promise. I'll get you all you done [Music] this cuz you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. The sea through the deep. Hallelujah. The God are the God who fights for me. The Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Oh [Music] [Applause] hallelujah. Lord, you have torn apart the sea. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cuz you're the [Music]
