################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - The Effect of a Momentous Decision - Samuel Browning (Part 2) - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   The Effect of a Momentous Decision - Samuel Browning (Part 2)
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xW6wDUeJDIg
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
12:21 -Ministry
1:33:54 - Closing

The first part of the worship of this service is in the following video: https://www.youtube.com/live/v-4sgW74ayY.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
of you and me. No way I could count them. Not enough time. Oh, I'll just stay. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. God's been good. So good. I have been blessed. Let's just give him [Applause] glad he opened your eyes this morning. Hallelujah. Isaac can see the word of God. Hallelujah. ears that can hear the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Precious are his thoughts of you. Hallelujah. Amen. So, our pastor is ready to come. Amen. Let's sing. This is the one that was requested this morning. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Midnight cry. Amen. Amen. [Music] I hear the sound of a mighty rushing wind. [Music] And it's closer now. Amen. than it's ever been. [Music] I can almost hear the trumpet as Gabriel sounds the call. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Amen. At the midnight cry, [Music] we'll be going home [Applause] when Jesus steps out on a cloud and call God's children. [Music] The dead in Christ shall rise [Music] to be in the air. [Applause] And those that remain will be quickly changed. Hallelujah. We'll be changed at the midnight crowd. It won't be long now. Amen. When Jesus comes again. [Music] Woo! Hallelujah. I look around me at the prophecies fulfilling. [Music] Oh my. And the signs of the times, Lord, they're appearing everywhere. I can almost hear the father as he says, "Son, go get my ch. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh, at the midnight cry. Here's your part now. Oh, the bride of Christ will rise. When Jesus steps down, steps out on a cloud to call his children. Oh, the dead in Christ shall rise [Music] to me. [Applause] And then those that [Applause] will be quickly changed. [Music] We're going to be changed at the midnight cry when Jesus comes again. And then those that remain is our promise. Oh, will be quickly changed. Twinkling of an eye. Oh, at the midnight cry. Even when Jesus comes. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. How many's hungry for the word this morning? Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. He's my Lord. He's my Lord. There is no other one, brother Samuel Cubs. Who can call the storms of life like my Lord? [Music] He gives rest to the weary. Gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt, no doubts about it. He my Lord. Sing it again. He's my Lord. Oh, he's my Lord. There is no other one. Who can calm the storms of life love? [Music] He gives rest to the weary, gives new life to the hopeless. There's no about it. [Music] There's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, there's no one greater than Jesus. Amen. There's no one greater than Jesus. [Music] There's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Sing it again. For there's no one greater than Jesus. There's no one greater than Jesus. [Music] Oh, there's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. I was so bound up. My life was so tied up. [Music] No peace within. Oh, chains could not hold me. Confused and so lonely. [Music] So shackled with sin. [Music] [Applause] I love this part of the story. Who is that coming from the other side of the sea? His eyes of compassion. Oh, he see through me. [Music] Oh, you have me found. Oh, so thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. [Music] Jesus [Music] gater than Jesus. There's no one greater than Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. That's the truth, isn't it? And God is so good and he's so faithful to us. He's faithful to his word. That's and that's that that's really what it is. When we're standing on his word, then we're in the place of safety. Amen. because God is faithful to his word. His word it cannot fail. Amen. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. So good to be gathered together and uh certainly want to wish each and every one of the fathers here happy Father's Day. Amen. And may God richly bless you. I think it's a tremendous well it's a really it's a tremendous honor that God would you know he enable us to be parents and then also to give us the wisdom that we need because you realize as you you come along through so many things that um as I was telling them last week in South Carolina I was doing a a teaching session in between some of the services I had and I said you know there's things It's uh you come into it and you realize my Lord, I need your wisdom every step of the way. And I said, I've almost got to a place I said, I almost run from anybody that before they have kids that says, well, I'm going to do this and I'm going to do that and I'm going to do this and I'm going to do I almost want to say don't don't say that. Don't because I I found it to be the opposite and so uh and seeing that but oh how we need God's grace, don't we? man. So thankful for his leadership in our lives and and certainly I want to just say God bless you to each one of the fathers and um just so thank you for your stand. Amen. For this word I'm thankful. Amen. For our heavenly father, aren't you? Amen. And I want to say also I'm very thankful for the father of this age. Amen. For this message that God sent through us through through his servant. Amen. Brother Brandham. Amen. God sent that light through one and then it spread through others and Amen. We're a product of that word. Amen. Like brother Brand when he went beyond the curtain of time and he looked he said, "Are all these Branos?" He said, "No, these are your converts." Amen. That word has brought has brought a real change in our lives. I'm thankful to be identified with Jesus Christ in this hour. Aren't you so thankful for that? his mercy. Amen. Amen. No, we are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. So, God bless each and every one of you. Brother Brian, God bless you. It's good to see you. I imagine the gracies in Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's that season of life. Amen. So, we're so glad to have each and every one. Let's just let's stand and uh thank you musicians. What a wonderful uh song service. and we just want to just try to get right into the word here this morning and just see how the Lord will take us and guide us. And um I also wanted to say thank you for your prayers while we were there in South Carolina. the Lord just the Lord just moved very marvelously within the the services and um we just so thankful to the Lord and um I was able to uh be there with my friend brother Brian Naidu and that was just a a real treat and um so but I really thank you for your prayers and I wish all of you could have been there it was a really good camp uh we had a lot of fun and uh you know how it is like this it says that um where where you're at you just jump right in and fit right in. So, you know, you're just there and they had a lot of activities for the with the young people and families. So, we were we just got right in there and had a good time. And so, uh sometimes, you know, you just kind of I have certain ways that I like in my preparations and how I approach certain things, but you know, sometimes you're in different situations. You just have to you go along with it and God knows. And uh but there was just u many many wonderful things that that took place within that meeting. So I want to say God bless you and thank you for your prayers for us. Uh let's look here and I want to read um I want to read a few verses of scripture and um yeah I'm back to Ruth. I really wasn't planning on this on this point. I've been looking over these things for well about a year and just a lot of these things have been accumulating. But I really felt after Thursday night's service to really take this approach in some of these things. So let's just look at this here in verse 6 and then we'll jump to verse 14. The Bible says, "Then she arose with her daughters-in-law that she might return from the country of Moab. For she had heard in the country of Moab how that the Lord had visited his people in giving them bread." Verse 14. And they lifted up their voice and wept again. And Orpha kissed her mother-in-law, but Ruth clave unto her. And she said, Behold, thy sister-in-law is gone back unto her people and unto her gods, and return thou after thy sister-in-law. See, there was there was things that was still present in Orpha's heart that that turned her. there was still a love for those things. It turned her. This is why that when God even made a declaration, when we would come into the promised land, God told him, "Take out everything that's there. Don't even leave pictures." And on and on and on. And it really gets down to the real reality. The promised land is the word of this hour is the Holy Spirit and God-giving direction. Don't let anything stand in your life that would be against the word of God. And so we want to do that because if God said those things will become snares to your eyes. So we don't want to like brother Bram told us he said you know a little amalachite becomes a big amalachite. And when you look at what actually end up smiting Saul and killing him was an Amalachite. The very thing that Saul failed to take care of with King Aag the very same thing came and got him. So, we want to say, "Lord, search me through and through. I want the word. I I just I because if we're just obedient to the word, then God will take care of God will take care of everything." Verse 16. And Ruth said, "Entreat me not to leave thee or to return from following after thee. For whether thou goest, I will go, and whe where thou lodest, I will lodge. Thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God. Where thou diest will I die, and there will I be buried, and the Lord do so to me, and more also if ought but death part thee and me. And when she saw that she was steadfastly minded to go with her, then she left speaking unto her. Let's just go to the Lord in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, Lord, how we are so thankful for these moments, Lord, that we have been given your grace, Lord, to come and to move upon our lives. And Lord, we just ask, oh God, that you would just have your way, Father, in the further part of this service, Lord, with these, Lord, thoughts that, Lord, that you've placed on my heart. And Lord, I just ask that God that you'll just allow me to step aside and you to just bring it, Lord, as you would see fit, Lord, and and to speak what needs to be spoken. And Lord, help us, God, to be recognized and aware when we've said enough, Lord. May you just have your way. Take the word to every heart, Lord. And just, Lord, minister to every need, Lord. Those that are sick in their body, maybe discouragement, Lord. Father, through the cares of this life, so many things, Lord, that we experience, Lord, in our and our body and our spirit, but Lord, you are the Lord that healeth all our diseases. Lord, you minister to every area of our life. And we just pray, God, that you'll just come and minister to every need, Lord, body, spirit, and soul. We commit ourselves into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. And God bless you as you're being seated. [Music] And so I think just to pause just a moment, I think some tremendous things. We were here on Thursday night and then you see where Israel took out uh certain dangers and uh you know that were imminent and we you see the world itself. It's it's really in a real shaky place already. And I just, you know, just pondering on those things of how that, you know, brother Bam was very clear. And I say this maybe for our young people and even as parents that's coming up. We don't want our children or our kids to get out there under the influence of that world because the world itself, you have to remember all of them. It's because there's been different ones that were just even offering up prayers for Israel during this time. And you can see the sentiments towards Israel continuing to turn even among we could say if I can use this word conservative individuals and you begin to see that and let me just say this to you where that's coming from that's that same Roman Catholic spirit. Absolutely. It's a spirit from hell. Yes, sir. because what it wants to do is destroy that seed because God has made a promise. I will restore Israel. I'm going to bring it back. And Satan you because Satan knows, listen, he knows his time is very short. And I want you to think about this. Israel is such a such a a small little place, but yet what's what what is it that that makes it makes the difference is because they are gods. Not not every not every Jew, not every Israel that Paul made that clear. Not all Israel is Israel, right? But yet to recognize that how God God is standing right there and no matter how much the enemy would like to build up and wipe them off, he can't destroy them. You know why? Because it's God's word. Amen. And I want you to think about that. Even within your life and my life and of the bride of Jesus Christ, the bride of Jesus Christ is not a a great big gathering of people. I know we can look and be look and say, "Well, beyond the curtain of time there were millions, but millions compared to what?" That's very small. That's right. And to be able to see that within that all of the forces of hell are targeted against this bride. The prophet made that clear when he when he speaks the feast of the trumpets and he and he and he and he um moves into that of Revelations 9 and how that the lid has been taken off of hell and he how that those streams of demon powers are coming out of there and remember they're like you know they describes and symbol of how that those spirits and those demons remember those spirits got in and began to influence Hitler and stolen. Is that right? They were channels that those those those spirits can influence. But I'm glad that God also has predestinated seed. That when the spirit of God begin to move, it can influence them into the pathways that God has for us. That's right. And this is where that according to you know when we look at it and the prophet would bring it so clear of how where the holocaust and all this is is has happened that you know um that it was the tender hand of Jehovah. It would that would not be something that we would say in a descriptive term that oh it was a tender hand but yet it was God getting his people back into position. And I want you to think about this. Israel since the time that Israel when they rejected um um the Messiah, we know there was a remnant that was within there that was sealed away and then there was a time where it turned away from them. And yet within this time, remember as even the prayer was made there that let his blood be upon us and upon our children. And now you find that even within uh those those Jews that were killed there in the Holocaust and right there you find that coming out in the fifth seal and they are beginning to you know cry for you know for a vengeance and cry for those things. So like the prophet points out there in the scripture he said that can't be the bride because the spirit of Christ in the bride cries to forgive. Is that right? So it's pointing out but see they were they were standing to all they knew those who who died within that place and then even when the bride is gone in rapture and the two witnesses the spirit of God in characteristic of Moses and Elijah sets down there and begins to call Israel that 144,000 to the true repentance I want to say this that it will only be 144,000 is according to scripture they will be hated and want you to think about this. If you can look at it that the hatred that is now is so uh broke up and divided across so many across so many uh uh platforms or persons or or groups but think that once the bride of Jesus Christ is gone because everything is is is really being honed in and targeted on the bride of Jesus Christ right now. Yes, Israel is experiencing pressure. But after the bride is taken up and the Holy Spirit begins to fall and the word is being delivered there into Jerusalem. Everything itself is going to turn even even in a greater way in that time. But you know what God said? He will seal them. And you know even when he stopped the wars, he stopped it because why? He needed to seal his servants. And that's the same way that's where it comes to you and I. If God had not stopped it and kept back those woes, where would you and I have been? Amen. You see, even in catching that that it's God's mercy that reached out and says, "It cannot take place until I've sealed my servants." So, we see that even within this this part within Israel, the 144,000, those listen, it's not going to be the Wall Street Jews that are turning against them. There will be some of that, but it'll be the very orthodox. Some of the very ones that will be so staunch and not, but you know, there's an elect. There you go. And the prophet said it like this. He says, "The same angel of the Lord that met me and revealed this message to me," he said, "He's on earth tonight running Israel back to the homeland." Hallelujah. God's getting everything in position. Everything in position. He's getting us in position. That's right. Amen. We're we're we're in a time that it's it's a time to be ready at any moment, at any time. And we can look at that and I say I could echo the words of the prophet, I stand with Israel. Amen. Amen. Oh my. Soon and very soon. Soon and very soon. Ruth herself, she was standing with Naomi. Amen. Is that right? to see the secular in the world. And I say this for the young people and things because the world and everything else, these pe these people don't have no clue what they're doing. That's right. Even all these individuals that were, you know, protesting, I'm not here for a political stump. I'm just dropping this in. These people that are doing this and protesting God, go live over there. That's right. Go live over there. Go live over there. Some of the individuals that were out there, I dare you to step foot in there. They'll they'll take your head off your neck in a moment's worth of time because they don't even put up with that kind of lifestyle. That's right. That's right. Come on now. But it's But you listen, pity the people because it's spirits that's anointed. It's the spirits that's been released. That's right. Right. Lucifer, I saw him falling. And here it's loosened in Revelations 9. But I love how Revelations chapter 10 reads, "And I saw another mighty angel. One who has a foot on the land and on the sea, they cannot rise until I get my people out of here. What a comfort that is, isn't it? Lord, let us press the mark with all that's within us. Amen. So, let's look here at a at a thought here just a few moments. And I know that counts against me, but uh I just uh we want to just say say a few things that's on our hearts. and um that that was free, but it it'll count. So, I want to just really deal with uh look at a a thought here just for a few moments. And I want to just I probably not going to get to the all of this here, but I want to deal with the effect of a momentous decision. The effect of a momentous decision. And you know, I want to say that in each time, um, Brother Trevor, I just so appreciate how the Lord used our brother in such a a wonderful way there on Thursday night. I told him after the service, I said, "You preached all of adoption. You preached the Hebrew series. You preached all of this in one service. You tied it up. Good. It was just beautiful." So, but you know, decision, I think it's a wonderful thing for me. I look that whether as a pastor or a son of God, a father or husband and so forth, I I think that when a decision is made to accept salvation through Jesus Christ, repenting of our sins and turning from him and walking with God's goodness, I think that's a that I think that's something to be celebrated. The Bible tells us that all heaven rejoices and to think about that and that's because with the ultimate desire is that that life would come into a full relationship. But first of all, they have to recognize they have a need of a savior. And just to have that decision, we we have this understanding by God's grace is that that decision is only the beginning of many decisions to be made in our walk with God. And we're here this morning. You made a decision to be in the house of God this morning. Uh you know, maybe you had to push yourself a little bit. You were weary. You were tired. But you're here. you made a decision as Paul said forsake not to assemble yourselves together. You know, he's placing that that's a choice. That's a decision. We you don't have to God's not there forcing us to do anything. It's a choice. And so when we find this here with Ruth, I I think this is so tremendous of how Let me just kind of move through a few portions here in the scripture because we we've come through uh quite a bit. And I I know in September is where I left off with this, but I want to just bring this along here. In Ruth 1, you see the Holy Spirit moving upon upon Ruth. God allowed conditions to arise and situations. Naomi's husband dies. Ruth and Orpha's husband dies. And Naomi begins to hear of the resurrection power. Barley season is moving there. And there's bread there. And so there's nothing to hold Naomi back where she's at. And Naomi now is going to make her journey to the homeland. And as Naomi is making her journey to the homeland, Ruth is accompanying her. I I think it's tremendous how that as I said moments ago when the Jews here returning back to their homeland and at the same time God is bringing a people back to our homeland, bringing a bride back to the homeland that God promised. You say, "What is that homeland?" The word of God, the Holy Ghost, not just not just a baptism on our spirit, but to actually come in to the word, Christ himself. We are by one spirit. We are all baptized into one body. That's where our inheritance lays. There you go. And so God working within in this hour in in this time because our destiny is not just not just to come into that place of that land but from there we have the promise in my father's house are many mansions. That's our representation. But the word is guiding us, directing us. He's taking us and the whole time he's there presenting or giving forth the influence of his person to do what? Cause decisions to be made that will lead us closer to him. That's so good. Hallelujah. When it's all said and done, we are his achievement. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. The crowning achievement. What has uh Calvary achieved when the blood was shed? It paid the price. Then he deposited those sins in hell, rose up on that Easter morning, and he and he said, "Because I live, you shall live also." And he sent back the Holy Ghost. Amen. So, it's not just not just to look at Calvary, but to recognize what Calvary made a way for you and I that we can come into that place of a relationship with him. What brought Calvary? the love of the father. God's desire to be one with his offspring. That's so good. That he might share his life with you and I and bring us back across the chasm and as a matter of fact to do away with any chasm in your life. That's so good. So good. And that's what the Holy Spirit comes to do is make that real. So the Holy Spirit moving upon Ruth and Ruth like the prophet said she caught a vision and though there were many things we don't read it in the scripture but to think when you even would begin to make a decision or or I you you have all sorts of chatter and all sorts of things and I don't know you better be careful with that. I I don't know that's a little deep that's a little on the stiff end. I I don't know. You don't have to be that, you know, not that Naomi so so strict and Naomi is so tight. But you see others, they were looking at it from their heart. What they saw is the strictness and and the tightness and the oh, we can't do that. Ruth was looking at it from her heart, but Ruth was looking at it and saying, this is where I want to go. This is what I want to do. She's making a decision based on what's in her heart. Orpha made a decision at the beginning, but what was in her heart brought her back. Lot's wife started out as an overcomer. But she heard the cries of her grandchildren. That's the prophet's words. And it turned her back. There was something that she valued greater than following the word Jesus. Oh my. Let us esteem God's word above everything. Amen. Above our own opinions, above our own feelings, above our own ideas, because because if if we don't follow the word, what chance, where what direction, what image, what what is it do our children have to follow? That's right. That's the truth. We want to be laying footsteps. Like remember that man who was drunk? He was drunk and here he was staggering through the snow and and he looked behind and he seen his boy doing this and falling down and he realized what he's doing is he's following in my steps. We want to lay clear steps. Hallelujah. Listen, you and I can't undo our mistakes. We can't undo our failures. But what we can do is look to God and say, "God, give me grace that my footsteps they would be clear. They're not here. They're not there, but they're a clarity of footsteps that's doing one thing, leading us closer to Jesus Christ. That if I go by the way of the grave, we continue on that same pathway. And that's what God has given us in this message of the hour is the path to sunship, the path to rapture, the path to full adoption, the path to sons and daughters of God coming back into full maturity. Amen. That's what this word has delivered to you and I. It's not an obscure, not a dismal, not not gray, not cloudy, not it's a clear day has broke for the bride of Jesus Christ. That's why the word could speak expressly that arise and shine for thy light has come. What light is that? The evening light. Hallelujah. The prophet has walked and where God ordained him to walk. But that light, it was an opening. It was a way. And what was it doing? Pointing us behind the veil. Come behind the veil. Come into relationship. Praise the Lord. So is the Holy Spirit working upon Ruth's life. Now look here. I'm going to read just a few a few portions here in Ruth chapter 2. And to think how the Holy Spirit coming there in Ruth 1, you know the word, let me just say this, the word, the whole purpose of the preaching of the word is to build confidence is to build faith to drive back doubt and unbelief so that you can you can see him clearly. Is that all right? And it is to awaken you and I to make a choice. See, it awakens us. We we we can't stay in the same place where we were. That's right. It's impossible. We're either getting closer to God or we're drifting further away. So, it God sends his word to anoint our heart and mind and then to awaken our hearts like it was doing for Ruth. And then those choices will declare who she was. And so yet at this point in Ruth 1, Ruth is not fully manifesting bride material, but it's in her. Are you with me? It's in her. There's certain fruits right now that praise God where she's starting out, but she's going going to have to keep walking. But God is faithful. The same angel of the Lord, the same Holy Spirit that sought her out, that sought you out, is the same Holy Spirit. He accompanies his word because he's not here to shove his word down our throat. He's not here to to push us into a place. He's here by his divine power to put the church in position. That's God's that's God's that's his that's his uh word that he's committed to. And so here, notice in Ruth 2 and these scriptures when when Boaz has come to Ruth and you know Ruth is saying, "How did I find grace in thine eyes that you would take knowledge of me?" Because remember, he's he's he's asking her to come and eat at at his table uh there in the field. He's he's he's commenced, you know, that there would be handfuls of purpose. Don't go to any other field. And and here's what he says in verse 11. It it says, "It hath been fully showed me all that thou hast done unto thy mother-in-law since the death of thine husband, how thou hast left thy father and thy mother, and the land of thy nativity, and are come unto a people which thou kneest not here to for." Now, what is it? Her decisions that are being made is it's it's faith. And faith is expressing itself in works in her life. She's not doing this in order to be accepted. She's simply responding to the inspiration of the Holy Spirit that is being poured out in the hour that she is living in. It was not her that sought out this field, but that representation within her. The Holy Spirit is guiding her into a place. She has no idea that this field is the field of one of the kinsmen. Hallelujah. She has no idea when she comes into this field of what's going to transpire and take place in her life. She has no idea that in this field, this is the field of the man who will redeem all of Amalecch's estate. Hallelujah. She has no idea of this field. My, it's wonderful. My, the blessings are falling. But she has no idea of that purpose that yet she feels the pulsation of the Holy Spirit. It's directing her life. And here she is just moving through the field. But little does she know Hallelujah. That her life her her vessel will be a chosen vessel for Christ to come forth through. Amen. And the very same almighty God, that word will become an absolute incarnate word. Hallelujah. And it will become incarnate and it will be passed over to Naomi. It will come to that place. An infant truth. Where did you get the scars in your hands? Any young person can answer that in the house of my friends. Christ moving through his body. Is that right? The life flows through the body. That's the purpose of the bride body. She hasn't she Ruth doesn't know know and understand the whole magnitude. Let me just say this friends. You and I are sitting here this morning and and even when God begin to deal with our life, this message means more to us now than it did at first. This grace means more to us now than it did before. it. It's becoming more real. You're seeing yourself. You're seeing your position and recognize it's not I that liveth, but it's Christ that liveth in me. Is that right? When when we are taken off the scene, that same Holy Spirit moves over there upon the Jews. Here she is. Look what Look what Boaz says. The Lord recompense thy work, and a full reward be given thee of the Lord God of Israel, under whose wings thou art come to trust. So notice Boaz is pointing out to her that that of God's of God's desire and to there would be a recompensing of thy work. Now what is her work? Her work is following the pulsation of the Holy Spirit. God's going to God's going to cap off his bride with himself. God caps off each of our lives with himself. Is that right? And you know what it all is when it's all said and done? It's because of his sovereign grace that you and I have made the choices we've made. And when we've made the wrong choices, it's his sovereign grace that leads us to a place of real humility and repentance and being lined back up in the way we need to be. Amen. Yes, sir. Is that right? Yes, sir. Even when they in the back of the line were getting out of step and the and the voice said, "Get back in line." Amen. It was God's grace to to keep everything lined up. And notice when it's all said and done, it will not be and it's not the heart of the bride petitioning God on behalf of their works. That's those who come up and miss having their vessels filled with oil and they petition him based on I preached. I did mighty men were miracles. I had healings. I had this. I had that. I had this. I had that. I had that. They had all sorts of things. Right? But Jesus said, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity." You see, he's charging them because they knew what they were doing. Iniquity is to know what to do and refused to do it. That's what iniquity is. Is that right? I never knew you, never had a relationship with you. But that's not so with the bride of Jesus Christ. for the bride of Jesus Christ can withstand there and not standing at the white throne room but she's standing there in judgment with him and she's able to declare Lord it was you that's given me grace it was you that moved upon my life it's been you Lord that has inspired my heart it is you that has performed your word through my life Lord I'm a trophy of your grace it's all because of your grace hallelujah Now, you know, Ruth, she's she's gleaning. I want you to just think of this here for a moment because all throughout the congregation, I want you to think, where am I in this in this little book called Ruth? Where am I? Because with Ruth, she's gleaning. Oh, she's having a wonderful time gleaning in the fields. And she's gleaning from resurrection power. Gleaning from it. She feels it move upon upon her, but she's not a full partaker of it in in Ruth 2. She's not. She's receiving benefits from taking the word in her life and feeding on it. That's good. Listen, friends, even those that stayed around this message and now have turned their back and walked away and and and beset themselves as enemies against the vindicated word. this word when they were around it, it benefited their lives. They benefited from it to whatever degree, to whatever measure. But then you find here, here was Ruth. She's feeding on the word. What is the word of God doing? It's sanctifying her life. I want you to think of this. She she had already come under his wings and she's eating in his field. But after every day, she would go back to her own dwelling. Right. Right. Are you with me? She would she would gather and whatever she gathered, she went back to her own to to her own dwelling. And to see that was not the ultimate goal. This is why that friends how we appreciate and listen. We come to the house of God to feed on the word of God to hear God's word but listen with the goal and the desire not that we just have an enjoyment and go back to our own ways. Amen. It's not see the word was meant to have an effect. It was meant that the Bible said we are being changed from glory unto glory. There ought to be a greater desire. There ought to be more. A desire for more of God. See, God's desire as the word is coming is to build faith, is to build confidence, not that we just come and I I appreciate the blessings of the Lord. I appreciate the word of God. But we want that word to find its place in the depths of our hearts. That's why the prophet said a man could come into the holy place, the the that second realm and can enjoy feasting on the word of God and go back out and live the same kind of a life. I think it's wonderful to feast on the word of God. But remember, the word of God is coming to build confidence and faith in your heart that this is who I am. And it's God calling you you to a full relationship. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Good preaching. And thank God for justification. Amen. Absolutely. Hallelujah. But remember, thank God for sanctification. But here was Ruth working out her own salvation with fear and trembling, gathering in from the field. But God's desire was for rest. Was for rest. Ruth, she was laboring of her own strength. Let me just tell you, rest is a person. She wasn't. She was laboring of her own strength. My wonderful and how all of But she was still in her own strength, right? You know, that's where even sanctification comes in is still in her own strength. You say, "Brother Samuel, do we still have to work out our own salvation and trembling?" Well, every man needs to know how to care and possess his vessel unto sanctification and honor. That's right. Right. I mean, you you begin to learn over time of things that you're not going here. Just like people you you know, it's like people you come in contact with at work. You have people at work, all they do is bicker, complain, criticize. All they do is strip down bosses and everything else. You know, they're the ones that can do it better. You eventually learn don't go around them. Simple. You see, you learn that. You learn how to possess your vessel and the sanctification honor. In other words, I'm not going to go there and dirty myself up. I already know what's going to come from that channel so I know how to possess. Amen. Amen. See, we learn. We're growing. We're learning. And that's even in our walk. Then in our rest, we learned that. Amen. She's She's enthused. Ruth was enthused. She was comforted every time. Here she is coming to Boaz's table. Boaz is stretching parched, you know, parched corn, barley, little barley broth to her. But she everything she got from the fields she was still having to work for. They were handfuls of purpose, but she still had to pick them up. Yeah. Is that right? Amen. But you see there, there's more. And she was getting she was excited. And I think that's wonderful. Listen, let me just tell you something. God's not knocking enthusiasm, right? He's not knocking being excited. But don't mistake excitement for the Holy Ghost. Amen. The Holy Spirit will bring that. He'll bring emotions. Right. But don't mistake sensations and emotions as the Holy Spirit. There's only one evidence and that is the word. Genuine faith in the word of God. Being able to receive the word of God for your day. Amen. Right. To take that word, live it, and that word be lived through your life. Is that right? I know. I know many many can say, "Well, you know, I believe the word." But it'll always prove itself out. It'll always prove itself out. Cuz we can say that intellectually, but you know what? It isn't up to me to decipher who's saying it intellectually. It will prove out. But it is God trying to encourage every one of us is if something is at an intellectual stage, don't leave it there. There's a start. But press on till it drops from here to here and becomes a reality. Amen. To where it's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me, then you've got a power to break the hold of every curse from your family tree. Amen. Amen. You got a power that comes into your life to break the claiming hold of every complex. Amen. Are you hearing me? That's what this abstract does. The Holy Ghost does to the title deed. Amen. Praise the Lord. So here, he's the only one could give her rest. This is why brother Brandon would say over and over, not to know his word, his life, but to know him. That's right. Amen. To know him. Jesus said in the scripture, "Come unto me all you that are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me, for I'm meek and lowly, and you shall find rest unto your souls." For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light. In Hebrews 4, it says, "There remainth therefore rest to the people of God. For he that enterth into his wrath also hath ceased from his own works, as God did from his. Let us labor, meaning to be to endeavor, be diligent, therefore, to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief. There were those who came to God's rest and rejected it. Right. They came up to that of the Holy Ghost and they rejected it. True. They even walked in the land. Oh my and help their brethren fighting. Yeah. That's good. That's good. Right. Yeah. That's the scripture. And then they returned back over Trans Jordan returned back over the Jordan. Yeah. Now, I want to remind you, look what that decision led to. You just sang the song, there's no one greater than than than Jesus. Is that right? I want to remind you of that decision that was in that of Gad they were on. They did not come into the land. They dwelt out on the other side of Jordan. That's right. Look what happened to their children. Look what happened to that one. Right. Oh, this is why it's the most glorious and should be the most soughtafter to dwell in the land of promise. Amen. Listen, the peace that you feel when you come to the house of God, his presence, God don't want that just to be something that you experience here, he wants to make his abode in your life. Yeah. Not just something that comes on you and leaves and comes on you and leaves. But something that abides. The prophets had that where it came on them and left. Came on them and left. But the sign, hallelujah, of restoration was on whom thou seeth the spirit descend and abide. The same is he. That's what declares and places sons of God is the Holy Spirit coming to abide in our lives. Are you hearing me? Now listen, Ruth has had to make a lot of choices. There's been a lot of decisions that she has had to make within her life. A lot of things have come have come her way. You know, she's when when she begins you begin to make decisions to serve God. Every decision you that that you and I make, it ought to be something just to evaluate. Listen, we're living in an hour. We can we cannot be living in a time where well, I just, you know, I'll just go ahead and make this decision. I don't know if it's God or not. And well, if it's not God, you know, God's grace will get me out. That's listen, that's an immature life. That's good. That's making God's grace a despite to the spirit of grace. Listen, if God's grace can get you out, don't you think his grace can lead you? Listen, friends, sometimes the the things that even God is trying to deal with and work out in our life that even works to be our own greatest enemy is we somehow feel in under under a glorious message that God has given as no, I don't need anybody else. I don't need any part of the body. I can just do as I want to do. That's not that's not what that's not the the reaction to the spirit of truth. The spirit of truth when that is truly come and revealed to our hearts. It makes us to realize I'm depending on him every step of the way. And what I mean by that is we want his leadership in our lives. When the bride was walking in step, she's not walking out here on her own. Not out here on an island, not on here on an island, but walking in step with the body. And you know what that requires? Sacrifice. God will test our lives. To see how much is still there, how much of a lamb nature is there? Are we willing to sacrifice? Listen, the prophet tells us in Christity verse idolatry. He said, "Oh, how we want to see God move in our church." He said, "But remember, just like it was through Martin, just like it was through Iranius in the fruits and their ministry, it will take a great amount of sacrifice." He said, "Because the whole walk with God is a sacrificial move. It will require us," he said, to sacrifice a little time in prayer. It'll require us sacrificing to be in the house of God. It'll require us sacrificing our own ideas and our own opinions. But friends, I tell you, the hospitals could be emptied up. But you know what? That's all it would be. But when God moving down and giving grace and life's character being molded, that's rapture. Amen. That's rapture. That's the promise of the third pull in this hour. The other things is like the prophet said, every once in a while, Lord, do something among us just to let us know you're with us. Because the bride is not following signs and wonders. They follow her. Amen. That's so good. Amen. You see, there's a part like Peter, remember on Mount Transfiguration, I want you to think, think of the time we're at on Mount Transfiguration, the time of adoption. And within this time, Peter became enthused and excited under that presence. And the prophet said that is natural for a human being to respond in that way. But aren't you thankful for the word that brought clarity? We're not going to build this one up. We're not going to build this one up, build this ministry. We're not going to now it's Jesus Christ. He's the one that's exalted. Now notice here in in Ruth too as we're looking at this that you know Naomi it's Naomi that catches I mean Ruth she's just enthused she's coming back. My goodness. Look at all this grain. Yeah. She's not aware what this is. That's right. The blessings. Oh, you talk about blessings. Oh, what blessings. Oh, how wonderful it is to walk in all the blessings. Oh, the presence of God. But now Naomi is bringing her to reality. Ruth, where have you been today? Blessings like that, that which you are receiving, where have you been? Hallelujah. And she lets her know, I have been in a field whose name is Boaz. Oh, Naomi is cluing her in to where the divine blessings that are falling. I hope you're with me. Yes. You see, this is why that this message that God has sent is not another movement. Amen. This is not a Knox, not a Moody. This is not an Isuza Street Pentecost. This message, this message is Christ himself come right among us. It's Christ who has led us to this field of the revealed word of the hour. Oh my, this blessing. Almighty, this doctrine and and this wonderful. But Ruth, do you know what it's all about? Oh, it's wonderful. We see signs. We see wonders. We see this. Oh, I see the godhead. I I see the serpent sea. But Ruth, do you know what it's all about? That's so good. Remember, many parttook of the miracles in Jesus ministry and the Israelites when they were coming from Egypt all the way through. But David wrote under inspiration. The fathers understood not the miracles. That's right. Many followed the Lord Jesus for the miracles. That's right. But when it came time for the word, first pool had went first, second pool had went forth, but now for the third pull where Christ himself, who's been there through every pool, is revealing himself. Why is he revealing himself? Because the promise is there is a bride that is to make herself ready and a marriage of the lamb to come. So the bridegroom must reveal himself. And how does he reveal himself? By his word. Naomi told her he's one of our near kinsmen. Hallelujah. And Ruth says, "Well, he told me. He told me to stay fast. This is what he told me, Naomi. He told me to stay in this field." Hallelujah. That's what I'm going to do. He told me I hear what you're saying and I and I and I I'm I'm listening to that. I'm taking it in. But he told me to stay here in his field. He told me to walk by the rest of the maidens. Listen, there were others that were also widows. Yeah. But they didn't have the promise that Ruth had. Yes, that is so good. She was one out of a million. Are you hearing me? He told me that to stay right there close to the young men. Hallelujah. Naomi encouraged her and said, "Don't you go to another field. Don't you move. Don't you leave outside of this land of promise. Don't you leave from where the place where in this land it will bring you into adoption." You know, that's what the prophet tells us. When Cain walked out of the presence of God, the Bible said he went to the land of Nod, which is a land of wondering. The prophet said he left the land of adoption. He left the place that could actually bring forth. You see, Cain, Cain, God gave Cain an opportunity. It wasn't going to change Cain. He'd still be Cain, right? But if you'll do what your brother's doing Yeah. That's right. I'll be accepted. Right. It was going to make him an elect seat. But but if he did, he would remain in the category that grace has been allotted to him and he's received. But Cain refused it. He took God's grace and mercy and spurned it. In other words, as the prophet said, spit it back in God's face. Now, I want you to remember the prophet said, he had a church. He paid tithes, paid offerings. He said, "And Cain humbled himself, but he only had a certain level of humility he could come to. He couldn't come to the place where he would humble himself to the word of God." Cain could humble himself to orders and rights and this, but he couldn't humble himself to the revealed word. You know what it is? He couldn't just stand there and say, "You know what? I don't understand this, but I see God's presence vindicating Abel." But you know what it did? It showed that spirit that was there. It showed who his father was. It was the same thing that took place in heaven. He got jealous. [Music] Jealousy. Where did it start? At the house of God. He saw God vindicate. Abel sacrifice. Oh, it should have been a rejoicing. Thank God I was in the wrong, but I see God's provided way. But instead his pride rose up. He could not submit himself and say, "I was wrong." You know what that did? That choice only showed what was in him. Are you hearing me? That choice that Abel made, Abel made that choice. It was not God putting the lamb in his hands. God revealed himself to Abel and Abel became under the influence of that revelation and made a decision to do what? Whatsoever the son seeth the father doing that doeth the son likewise. He came under that influence and now what happened in in what was displayed in works what became visual was actually what was in the unseen realm was becoming visible. Hallelujah. What was a vision was now becoming material. Are you with me? Now look at this here just for a moment. And this this this little portion the effect of a momentous decision. I want to just this is where it was just so resonating on my heart here in looking at these things with the decisions and how you remember this when uh Danny Henry in 1961 February the spirit of God moved down and Danny Danny Henry began to speak in an unknown tongue and um then there was one who interpreted and another confirmed it and this is what came forth in that men's breakfast. Now, brother Brandham, here he is. He's just reciting it what had been wrote down. Because thou hast chosen the narrow path, the harder way. Thou hast walked in your own choosing. Now, I want you to notice the spirit of God is commending the prophet. You have chosen this. That's so good. Thou hast walked in your own choosing, not forced. Think back to the message on Thursday. It's not God forcing things down our way. You've made this choice. Thou hast picked the correct and precise decision and it's my way. Hallelujah. Because of this momentous decision. Notice because of this. How many knows there's effects for our decisions? Listen, the prophet tells us when he'll take us to predestination each time he goes right back to that that was in Levi and how that or and Abraham when Abraham met Melzdc and Levi it was allotted to Levi that he paid tithe while he was in the the loins of his grandfather Abraham. Amen. That's why brother Brandon will take that throughout the message and he says see even your attitude towards the Lord Jesus towards the word of God will have an effect on your grandchildren. That's right. This is why it has an effect. The choices we make. Sometimes you know parents don't like seeing certain things within their children but you have to be able to be able to be very honest. We must be honest and say, "Has that been a characteristic displayed in my life?" And then all they're doing is is mirroring, reflecting an image because listen, we're not following words. We're following an image. Amen. And that image is Jesus Christ. That's real leadership. Yes, it is. Are you hearing me? Millions have this Bible. Yes, sir. But without the Holy Spirit, who was sent to be the lead and guide who is the author. That's why the prophet said they've been arguing about this and we need to know this language and this language. He said it's going to take more in this hour than a student comparing verse to verse. That's all good. He said, but it's going to take the Holy Spirit, the author of the book to come and reveal this book. Let me tell you when the seals were open, it was not another man. It was not a seminary. It was God himself who came down. Hallelujah. And that's why the prophet could say the lamb is standing here tonight with the book in his hand and he's beginning to reveal the contents of it. That's right. That's right. Amen. My I really I just feel like really really moving on. But I so good because of this momentous decision. Brother Ram had decisions all through his life. Let me just pause here for a moment. Did brother Brandham make some decisions that were wrong? Yes. Remember when he had this was not known but he realized it. Those men that made out his itinerary in South Africa he paid he paid for it. Not those men. He paid for it with that amoeba in his stomach. Is that right? He paid for it. You see, God was training. He was training. That's right. His prophet. But see, God allowed those glimpses to be shown for you and I. How that even through you and I, there's decisions we can make. And it isn't when those decisions are made. Well, there's nothing to it. There will be suffering. But you know what it does? It's just like when you and I have made the wrong decision when we were a child. What did our fathers do? that corrected us and there was a little bit of suffering for a period of time but what did it do in the long range vision? It corrected our actions. Amen. See, God's not God's not consumed with temporary. He's eternal, right? Our little our sufferings and things that that we go through the correction, it's all for this of the eternal because of this momentous decision. and he received the correction of the Lord. Brother Brandham, remember when he was doing the miracle lines and I referred to that a few Thursdays ago. Here he was, he was bringing your hardest case first and doing this and and and the angel of the Lord, Brother Bram says, he hasn't spoke to me in six months. Six months. I want you to think of this. I want you to think of this. Hadn't spoke to me in six months. And yet there was miracles taking place night after night. Wow. I want you to weigh this carefully. Notice what was burdening the prophet's heart. You see, hear from him. You see what what's the value? The value is not miracles. We believe in miracles. No, following the word, miracles will happen. You take the word. When when when the little woman here, she only had uh that of a meal and a little bit of cruc. She followed the word and the miracle followed the word. They ran out of wine. They filled up the vessels with water. The miracle followed the obedience. The Bible said, "Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sin." And the miracle of the gift of the Holy Ghost will follow. The miracle follows the word. That's why the prophet said God never stressed the miracles. He stressed the word. Because if we get in the word and follow the word, miracles will follow the word. Because of this momentous decision, a huge portion of heaven will await thee. I'll tell you that's not just something we're coming to. We have received of the fullness of this word. Brother and sister, I know that's a mouthful. And I tell you, it becomes more precious to it. But to understand what God has granted to you and I through the revealing of this hour, is it something that we in ourselves have deserved? Not at all. Is it anything that we have merited in our own life? No. But what is it? And what has it been? It's been the divine grace of God that has influenced our hearts to choose him. That's what it is. And you know what? When this life is over, we got a body over yonder. This is an age. They have the clarity of this of this age. It was promised in this hour. What is what a glorious decision thou hast made. Yes, this in itself is that which will make come to pass the tremendous victory in the love divine. Let me just let me just try to let me just bring this bring it down to a couple points here. It could have been very easy for the prophet to have made a decision as many said, "Why don't you take this out in the nerve centers? Get out there in the big places and and on TV." Right? He could have done that. But you remember remember remember what they wanted. That's right. Well, if you'll just kind of compromise on a little bit of things. He said, "What do you call little?" What do you call little? You see, notice every word is just as important. Amen. Are you hearing me? Malachi 4 is just as important as John 3. Without Malachi 4, you can't see John 3 in the right way. That's right. Amen. Right. It's the same way. And the same way that Malachi 4, John 3, Ephesians 5 is important. That's good. So all the word, that's why the Bible said, "Whosoever shall add to the word or take away from it, it may not cut it out of the Bible, but to overemphasize or deemphasize is the same thing." Because it all should see Jesus Christ. Not because like brother Ramble say, not because I had to do it, right? Not because you were made to do it. That's right. You're not made to serve God. We all remember even as as children when here we come well maybe not all of us you know but whatever you were in maybe you were you know in a in a Pentecostal church or whatever more but you remember having you you're going to church and you're going through you really didn't want to go to church. you. Now listen, a relationship, a relationship, mom and dad, a relationship will cause and lead the children even when things they don't want to do out of respect for you, they'll do it. That's a tremendous thing. That's a tremendous thing. That that's a tremendous application. But we don't want to take that and call that the token. Amen. Brother Brandham's own nephew. Listen in the message paradox. It doesn't say it, but that's who that is. When his his own nephew, and remember the situation that took place between him and his girl and everything else, and here the father, brother Brandham's brother Brandham's uh uh brother-in-law, well, my son, my son's been born again. He's he's been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Uh he's he's been to the altar. Brother Bram said, that is vine and good. He has been brought in fellowship as far as with the rest of the saints that are at the local assembly. He said, "But until that man," he said, "Look at your own life. This is how you are as Germans. This is how your family is." He said, "But you're not like that. What is it that changed that in your life? It's the Holy Ghost." And he said, "That young man in his life, he can try within all of his intellects to overcome that, but he can't overcome his first birth. There's got to be a new birth. And that he said when that takes place, that'll be a paradox in that young man's life. And then he's already overcome. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. See, it's a momentous decision. It's choices that are being led. Not that I had to do this. Moses Moses made a choice. Every one of us have a choice. Listen friends, let me just be very very very very uh uh forthright and frank. We don't come in here and leave the same way. Every one of us, God is drawing upon our lives to make a choice. Oh, I appreciate his presence. I appreciate the services. But what choice is being made? Amen. See, we're all forced to make a decision. When the Lord Jesus, the word was being made flesh, they were forced to make a decision. Moses had to make a decision. And God comes forward to influence our lives to make the right decision. Do we? He comes forth to guide us. Like brother Trevor was talking about there. I love that. So I love that because it's it's God right there with us. He's not forcing us and making us and and doing this, but it's God leading us, right? Because you know what? You know what will drive sin and the world out of our heart is the word of God. That's being in his presence. This is what Think about this. God is a faithful father. He don't try to He don't try to intimidate us. He don't try to, you know, come out. Listen, he has a standard. Don't Don't get me wrong. He has a standard. He has a word. There's there's things that he has laid down in his house. His house is just not a a house that's full of every hateful and unclean bird. All right. That's that's not him. But he has standards. But there's a standard that's kept. But all the time he's working with us. His presence is moving on our life to draw us into that place of making a decision. And not just a decision of savior, but the decision Ruth laboring in the field. The decision to move on in. decision to submit to the leading of the word as Naomi is directing her into that of to request that of the kinsman right be fulfilled. I want you to think of this here. every one of our choices, decisions that are being made. You realize we spoke here a few weeks ago on lamp trimming time that the wise that was a result of her making choices. You say, "Well, she was elect and ordained." That's true. But she came under the influence of the word of God. And she she did, you know what? For her, she didn't take an offense. Now, it might have taken some period of time for maybe that was wise and she was acting foolish and she only had the the Holy Spirit upon her spirit, but it had to go deeper. It had to come to where it was oil in the vessel because the foolish virgin had oil and it ran out. That's right. See, it it wasn't sealed in. It could run out after a period of time. They shined the light of of salvation. They shined the light of sanctification, right? But it wasn't sealed in them. That's the promise of the Holy Spirit. It's got to be more. That's why the prophet said you can have it on your spirit every hour and moment of your life and still be lost and go to hell. You say, "What must it be?" It's got to come down to your soul and it'll change your nature to where then it becomes Jesus Christ. the same the same nature the same character the same life the same works his living presence in your life let me tell you with decisions you have to make sometimes the very people that you continue to hang around with are the very people that are holding you back you lay down on a on a on a dog's bed that's got fleas you're going to get fleas that's right you got to make a decision Come on. I'm speaking to all levels here this morning. You got decisions to make. And the decision itself, it was hard for Abraham, but God by his divine grace allowed situations to come about that would give Abraham grace to separate from Lot. Because listen, if you if God has called you and he didn't call you to separate, then you might want to check your call, right? Because when God calls, he calls for separation. He calls you to separate because your old associates will only drag you back down. Are you hearing me? Now, you have to go beyond the veil. Let me just I I told you I want to I want to tie this up here. Don't worry, I've got my time here. I got a few moments. I'm right in with where I started on Israel before, but that that was all free. But I want you to catch this here. She says, "I am Ruth, a handmade." I I'm not going to get to this to to one of the parts here today, but she's she's she's coming into this of I'm Ruth a handmade. Naomi said, "I'm going to seek a place of rest for you." And I want you to think of this. I I would love to deal with that here this morning, but I just want to move over that into this into this place here of of of verse 10. We'll come back. And he said, because when she said there in verse in verse 9, I am Ruth thine handmmaid. Spread therefore thy skirt over thine handmade for thou art a near kinsman. You realize the same word that's used right here for skirt. I didn't put that up there for you, but the same word for skirt is the same word I read to you moments ago where it says, "Under whose wings thou are come to trust." You see, her journey had went from wings to coming under his curtain. Her his wings was lifting. I bore you on eagle's wings. On and on we could go. In the book of Ezekiel, God spreads his curtain. You know what this is? It's all a custom of that which to take the reproach. Yeah. to spread that over. You know, the scourge is a type of the Holy Spirit. But after he's seen the confidence, but let me just let me just say this. After he's seen that confidence, her faith when she's coming to him, she has been in his presence for many weeks. Barley harvest, wheat harvest, she's been in his presence. She knows him to be a righteous man. She has the utmost confidence in him. That's so good. And she's led to the place to lay down at his feet. Mark that place. And when she asked of him, she listen to me. I want you to think of this. Look at the age here. He's 80. She's 40. Wow. What I mean, when you look at that, I mean, what 40-year-old goes chasing down? Not no offense to any 80-year-old, but what what 40-year-old? You see what I'm saying? You see why brother Ram always make that kind of little bit of a of a prod there regarding with uh uh Abraham and Sarah and there in the king of ger he says you know what which one's going to say oh grandma no it's not going to happen that way God changed them back are you with me God changed them back but this is what I'm showing to you that here he is that that for her notice her testimony she has been tested in the time of harvest During the time of harvest, she has been tested. God Boaz didn't put her in a bubble. Boaz didn't lock her away in her house and say, "Don't you come out here. There's a lot of young men." They're closer aligned to you in age. It's more becoming. He did not lock her away cuz she still has the choice free moral agency. That's right. Her decisions throughout that time of harvest is only going to prove the virtue that's already been there in the beginning. The virtue throughout to where that this he comes to her and says, "The whole city do know thou art a virtuous woman." She's been tested. Yeah. Let me tell you something. Let me just wind it down on this. She's been given, offered. If we can bring it in how the prophet does in the harvest time, supernatural offers. Brother Bram says Satan can hand out those gifts by the handfuls. He can hand out supernatural things and people will take the supernatural things and fail to take the giver himself. Pentecost went after supernatural things. Pentecost was just, oh my, it's like we're like this message. Oh, isn't this wonderful? Oh my. When he's a prophet. Oh, when when the when everything's taking place on the stage and and this is happening. Oh, that's a prophet. Oh, but watch his teaching. And they failed to recognize the teaching was the field. That was the field. And the Lord of the harvest had descended. The Lord of the harvest. Notice Boaz when he came and descended, he came to the chief reaper. And when that mighty angel descended in Revelations 10, he came to his prophet. Hallelujah. To the chief reaper, to the messenger of this age. Amen. Who is this woman? It's bride time. It It's time to declare this word. There's a bride on the scene. Oh, hallelujah. [Applause] It was choices. Let me just close there. She's tested. You see this bride, brother Bram tells us, God of this evil age, she's to be tested by an every word experience. See, friends, this is where we don't want to take anything for granted. I'm not causing I'm not causing you to question yourself, but I think as the bride of Jesus Christ, knowing the bride as being a part of it, it's a time of reflection. It's a time to reflect in our life, the Bible said that we would judge ourselves that we should not be judged, right? that we allow the word we we take to what we're seeing in the word and allow the word to come through our lives. So you can be tested with a lot of things. You can be tested with you can be pulled here can be pulled here. Listen friends, how how many people how many from right gathered in this field and there's been ministries that have come into this field and the only reason they came in this field was to lead people out of the field. Hallelujah. And because lives were not were not drawn to God. They follow. And if that man goes off, they go off with that man. They go off here. They go off there. They go off there. Listen, sometimes it's not even preachers. Sometimes people follow lay people. But let me tell you, whoever you're following, the Bible says in in Hebrews chapter 3 or 13:7 before verse 8, it said, "Remember them that have the rule over you whose faith follow considering the end of their conversation." That's their character and that's their conduct. That's so good. If what they're saying doesn't match the conduct and the character through their life, don't follow it. That's right. Paul said, "You follow me as I follow Christ." Then you're not following a man. You're following the living word of God. You're following the character of Jesus Christ. And that'll lead you through every test. It'll lead you through every trial. No matter how things could pull upon your flesh and pull upon your spirit, no matter how many young men are around or how many maidens, I'm here for one purpose. And this is why. Can't you see this is why Satan loves to try to get in and try to break try to break us away from divine fellowship? Is that right? The prophet says he likes to get one isolated and out away. Look, you can sit right here and be isolated from the whole body. That's right, but let me just tell you, the Holy Spirit isn't isolating you. If he is, he's working he's he's working in in in in uh uh he's not working in harmony with his word. But he will always separate us unto the word. Is that right, sir? Lord, I want to be separated from the If there's anybody I want to be separated from, I want to be separated more from Samuel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that that's who I want to be separated from. He's he's he's the guy that's my problem. Yeah. Yeah. But let's Oh God, let's make decisions. How many say Lord? Amen. That's what I want. Amen. I want to make decisions. And I don't want to just it's not just making a decisions, but it's becoming under that divine influence. Where is God drawing upon your heart? You see, friends, that's why within this, it's not it's not a man threatening. That's this this this message is not a conformatory. It's not a conforming. Are you hearing me? You can Oh, you know where they they teach on dress. Listen, listen, listen, listen. Brother Brown covers this in 1950. I think it's 1958, the baptism of the Holy Spirit when he preaches those three series, why we're not a denomination, baptism, Holy Spirit, the serpency, and he talks about he say people can dress right to the point. Now, he's not taking away as though that that's not virtuous, but he's dealing with sometimes down on the inside. He says they could still be some of the biggest gossip. He's dealing with what's on the inside. That's what God come to do. If we get the inside right, the outside will take care of itself. It'll only reflect whatever whatever choices on the inside will reflect to the outside. That's what the Holy Spirit has come to do to influence our life. Not just to come into a place and say, "My, this is man, this is so wonderful. My the presence of God, my the atmosphere." It's God coming to influence us. Amen. Because remember, let me close on this point. I know I've been saying I'm closing, but predestination, brother Ram says this in two places. It's not God pushing you through. That's right. And pulling you through. Amen. Predestination looks forward to fornowledge. Amen. And God knows the decision that you and I would make. That's right. He said, "Now, the word didn't never said,"I predestinate William Brandham." He said, "But the word has said that the church is predestinated." And he said, "I'm predestinated as long as I'm in that church." Brother Brandham, do you believe you're going to be there? He says, "As long as I'm in that church." He's not talking about this building. The church is the body of Jesus Christ. That's 1 Corinthians 12. That's what we strive for is for the Holy Spirit coming into that place of rest. If you if you haven't received that, let that be the goal. Let that be let that be the direction for your life that Lord, I I don't want to just I don't want to just labor here in the field and laboring and toiling and weary against sin. I want to enter into rest. I want to enter into that place of rest to where I cease from my works. I want to in that place of rest, Lord, I want to make decisions in that place of rest to do what? Make myself available to you. Why? That his life might be reproduced in my life. Is that what you want? Amen. Lord, I want to make decisions. I don't want to just I don't want to just have an association, right? But I want to I want to abide under your presence. Because you know what? As you abide under his presence, you know what happens? There's fruit that comes out of your life. It's fruit that can only be brought from being in rest with him. And that fruit coming forth in your life like it did out of Aaron's rod, it settles disputes. It settles questions. It silences voices. That's what the fruit of God does in your life. Lord, I want to be more like you. Musicians, will you come? I want to be more like you. Lord, I want to be more like you. Yes, I want the Holy Spirit that the the the dove of God, the angel of the Lord, Lord, just influence us, direct us, Lord, guide us, lead us, Lord, draw us closer. Draw me nearer, Lord. I want to be drawn closer. Because, you know, he's he's leading us. He's leading us into himself. Amen. To become more and more like him. You know, you you get around sometime and we were talking about this, not my wife and I, but somebody they were talking about this and we were in South Carolina. He said, "You ever notice after so long a time, you know, a husband and wife, you start looking like one another?" I said, "If she looks like me, man, I feel sorry for her." But but to understand that, you know, you you you you know one another's ways, right? You begin to know one another's ways, right? You begin to know uh how to how to speak. you begin to know the things that that mean something, the things that are so personable. You know, think about this. The Bible says the earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof. He all of his great majesty, the beauty. I mean, there's some beautiful places even now when it's not in its edic beauty. There's some beautiful places you can go to now. Yeah. But to think that God himself has he spent all of that, put it all within its its place and he owns it all. Right? And you can look and say, "What could I give him? What can I give him? What can I It's like that little woman who was on the ranch. She was tattered garments and all the others had nice gowns. They were in the actual ball and she's out here with dishwater. stuff all over. You see, he looked beyond all of those forms. No doubt he was so, oh my, will there be a bride? Is there a bride? And he sees this little woman and he's watching her. Look what she's doing. She's She doesn't have as far as the elegance out here as far as these maybe this fine gold a bracelet and man this nice embroidered dress. She doesn't have all of that and maybe her hair fixed just right. But what he looks and sees is character. He forsook all the forms of godliness and said, "Who are you? Me? Me?" He said, "I want you to be my bride. Me, me, I don't know about you, but I still feel that way. Me, me, Lord. You know, you find yourself pinching yourself. This this word, this word as it comes forth that God, your grace, your mercy, me, I keep, you keep pinching yourself. That's so true. But you never chose me. I chose you. Right. Right. Right? So he submits his choice across her life. He submitted his choice across our life. Now we had an opportunity whether to accept it or reject it. No doubt has he has had to move throughout our lives like it was with Gideon. Remember what Gideon said? My family, me, my family is the smallest of Manasseh. He had a complex but that complex could not stop or hinder the word of God from coming into fruition in his life. Yes, sir. Because you know what? God wasn't working on his complex. God was drawing upon who Gideon really was. That's exactly right. Gideon had to make. There's things that Gideon, he made decisions. Wait, wait, don't go away. And you know that. But God brought him to that place. That's the same thing God doing in our lives. You might say, "What could I give him?" He owns it all. All right. But you know, let me tell you, though he has all of this, but he was willing to come down and give everything for your love. He was willing to do it all to redeem you and bring you back to himself. He was willing to become one of us and pay the price that he might bring us back to himself. What could I give him? your life, your all. Surrender your heart to him. Give your life over to him. And as we continue to give, Lord, what what can I give? You know, sometimes the things when you don't even feel like praying. Anybody ever been there? Sure. Don't feel like reading. Don't feel like listening to a message. Don't feel like this. But it's in those moments of sacrifice that draws him near. Amen. That's the truth. You may not even feel him. You may feel like, "M, I've just had to press through this." And then the enemy gets over on your shoulder and says, "Yeah, look at you. You should have a heart for this. You should have a love for." And you do. That's right. You do. That's right. But sometimes understanding also dwelling in this realm, this body also doesn't want to do those things because the body itself is weak. That's right. But this is where as a son of God, we're not doing things by feelings. Are you hearing me? That's why we don't come to church whether we feel like it or not. What I I feels like good. Well, then if you do it by feelings, there going to be times you don't feel like coming. There's times I don't feel like there's times I don't. Right? Times you don't feel like worshiping. But it's in those moments when you don't feel like it and you think, "What can I give him? What can I give him? Amen. You're giving him of yourself. Lord, I sacrifice my feelings. I sacrifice my feelings. I want to worship you, Lord. Isn't it worth it? Isn't it worth it when we can just press beyond that? Oh, thank God for his mercy. Let's stand together. Hallelujah. Oh, my Let's just go to him in a word of prayer. I'm sure anybody want to be remembered in prayer this morning. Choices, Lord. Let there be choices, Lord. Make a choice. Even here this morning, no matter where you're at in your walk with God, make a choice. Make a choice. And I don't just say you make a choice, but I'm saying, Lord, let there be that influence this morning. Let there be such reflection, such introspection into our lives to be able to evaluate our own lives. Lord, what's he saying to you? What's he speaking to you? Heavenly Father, Lord, how we love you this morning. How we so appreciate, Lord, your mercies, Lord, truly they're new every morning, Lord. Just little little glimpses that we can see here with Ruth. Decision, one decision led to another decision, led her to make another decision. Lord Jesus, that's the same way it comes down to our lives, Lord. Lord, we all have choices and decisions we've made that we're ashamed of, Lord. Oh, they're different, Lord, when you've brought us to yourself, but yet still the thing, Lord, that would be shameful is the times that we've missed out. Lord, your desire to be able to use us. I thank Lord God that even in that place of relationship how that the dove oh God to brood over a lamb. Lord Jesus, may you find in our hearts this morning lamb nature. Lord, your prophet told us, Lord, showing us how that we can grieve like Paul would write, "Grieve not the spirit of God, the Holy Spirit of promise whereby you're sealed to the day of redemption." Showing that it can be grieved. Sometimes, Lord, your prophet tells us that grieving, it can take place just by our thinking. thinking towards this, thinking towards that. The Holy Spirit is timid. He's a dove. I love Lord the direction as your prophet would let us know. He said he hadn't flown way off. He's just out there on a branch. He said, "Just waiting on you to become a lamb again." Lord, we want to submit our hearts to you, Lord. Tenderize us, Lord. Father, through all the callousness of the spirits of this age, streams of demon power, Lord, coming through all forms of media, Lord, places that we go and things that we come in contact with, but Lord God, how we're so thankful, Lord, to be in this field. I'm thankful, Lord, not only to be in this field, but Lord, we're thankful that we've received that leadership into the holiest of holies, into that place of rest. We're thankful, Lord, for your influence upon our lives to direct us to override our own stubborn will, Lord God, to melt down our hearts, Lord, with divine love. Oh God, help us, Lord. Help us, Lord. Father, as months ago back in September when you, Lord, when we paused on this, the very last service where we paused from, was this where Ruth was in that floor, that threshing floor? Boaz was laying there asleep and resting right up near this great heap of revealed promises. And right there, Lord God, right there as you showed us, Lord, the pathway, it's from your feet to the throne. The pathway to overcoming leads through humility, Lord. Submission. I thank Lord God of how that Naomi instructed Ruth. She never went and told Ruth, Ruth, do not plead your cause as a victim of circumstances, but go there in submission as a handmaiden. I'm yours, Lord Jesus. That's where we're here this morning, Lord. I'm yours, Lord, to lay ourselves at your disposal. I don't want my way, Lord. We don't want our ways. We want your way, Lord. Not my will, thine will be done, Lord. Oh, God. That's where the victory, that's where it was really won, Lord, was there in the garden of Gethsemane, Lord. Oh, Lord Jesus, you prayed that three times. [Music] Calvary was the manifestation of the victory right there in Gethsemane. [Music] Right there. The victory. The victory was his own will. Lord Jesus, I'm so thankful. This is where we come. Lord, not my will, thine will be done. [Music] You prayed, "Let this cup pass from me if thy will, but nevertheless, thy will be done." on and on through the scriptures, knowing your purpose of coming and when it came to that moment for that that scripture what was needed that crucial moment to set that Lord into place. It would require a dying to self before ever ever you died on Calvary before ever. right there in Gethsemane. That's where the real death took place. And Lord Jesus as Gethsemane is a type is that of the oil press, the garden of Gethsemane. Oh God, thinking of it. It was in a garden called Eden where the fall took place. But in that garden of Gethsemane, garden being a type of the bride, a chosen bedding ground, a place of rest, solitude, chose to bring forth his his ordained predestinated fruits. Lord, you're overcoming in this garden. Help us, Lord. Father, no doubt sitting here this morning, there's some, Lord, they've made decisions. Maybe some haven't even made a decision to really surrender their hearts to you. But I pray, God, may this be a beginning. May this be a beginning of many decisions, lives, Lord, that Father, as they're toiling in the field, may they recognize, Lord, that that's that's that's not all that you have for them. You want to put them to rest. You want to drive away that weariness, Lord, of them laboring against sin to where, Lord, it's you coming on the inside, changing that very nature, Lord, and living your life out through them, Lord. Grant it, Lord. Give strength to those, Lord, that they can realize there's associates that's pulling on their lives. Not that the people themselves as far as individuals wouldn't necessarily be bad, but Lord God, the company, the people that they're around, it weakens them. Takes right away that Lord God, where decisions have been made right here in your presence and then getting right back around and continuing that same kind of fellowship and it weakens them, Lord God, they don't want to stay. How how that's Satan's trapped, Lord, to want to keep them in the same place and then turn around and tell them, "Well, you're not one of them. Look at you. You're not one of them." And it's all the time the enemy, but Lord, we're not ignorant of Satan's devices. Give them courage, Lord God. Give them strength, Lord. where there's things, Lord, that would be so hard like it was with Abraham, God, may you bring about, Lord, the conditions that's needed, Lord. Father, as your children, Lord, standing with open hearts, honest before you, Lord, lead us, Lord. We're not asking you to push us. We're not asking you to pull us. We're asking you to lead us, Lord. May the great divine influence of the grace of God surround our hearts. Lord, arrest our minds, Lord. Granted, Lord God, may we, Lord Jesus, not look just at temporal values, but Lord, may we look to that of the eternal. Grant it Lord, I pray Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen, Lord. Great leaders. [Music] All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. Yes. I'm going all the way. [Music] this all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way for I'm going all the way with my Lord. Yes, all the way. Lord, I'm going all the way. No turning back. All the way. Yes, I'm going all the way. All the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with my own decision. I made my decision. I'm going. Yes, Lord. I made my choice. I'm going all the way. Oh, I made my decision. Well, I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I'm drawing going to be no turning back all the way. Hallelujah. No turning back. Oh, I'm going all the way. I'm draw [Music] I'm going all the way. Well, I'm going all the way with my Lord. It's all the way. I'm going all the way. Going all the way. Go the way. Going all the way. Going all the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. Yes, I've made my decision. I'm going all the way. I've made my choice and I'm going all the way. Hallelujah. I made my decision. Oh, I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way in my Yes, Lord. I've drawn the line. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm drawing back. No turning back. I'm going all the way. on the line. Yes, Lord. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. [Applause] [Music] All the way home. Yes, I'm all the way. I'm going all the way. Going all the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way, Lord. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with the Lord. Oh, going all the way with the Lord. [Music] Don't you love the Lord? I tell you, you know, when you it it's all about when somebody from their heart said, "Oh man, I'm so glad to get away from that message. I'm so glad to get away from this. That's what was in the heart the whole time. That's right. That's right. And they did thing they did things. They conformed, but it was in their heart the whole time. Ain't it amazing that what someone looks at as bondage. You look and say, "This is freedom." Bondage. I came out of bondage. Hallelujah. I came out of bondage. I'm doing what I want to do. Yes. But the difference is when your nature has been changed. There you go. There you go. And you know what? God don't make nobody serving. You don't make mistakes either. He don't. But God don't make anybody serve him. You know, to me, that's powerful. That's powerful. All he just he brings his word in this generation and just waves it right over our lives. Hallelujah. And you know what? God's not worried that one's going to miss it. No, sir. Hallelujah. [Music] I had a person that got kind of critical of me and things and oh, you need to be doing this, you need to be doing that, you need to be doing this. And and I I picked up how the person was natured. I knew it. So I put my arm around him. I said, "Listen, you know what's tremendous?" I said, "There ain't going to be one name on that lamb's book of life miss it. Not one's going to miss it." God's going to ensure that everyone gets there. Of course, it didn't it didn't help. It just further flustered. But you know, the reality of it is it's not us making it happen. Hallelujah. It's not us that made it happen with our children. It's not us that make it happen. That's why the prophet said in humble thyself, just shine the light in humility. God will take care of it. Amen. That's our responsibility. Arise and shine. Just just let just let the life be reflected through your life. Just just be present. Some of you are going to go to gatherings today and maybe you've got children that's not serving the Lord. Don't give up on them. Just shine the light. Amen. Shine the light. Brother Bram said, "I'm holding." Brother Ryman tells us in thy house, he said, "I'm holding," you hold faith for your children. He said, "I'm holding faith for people that are sitting in the tabernacle that are still not where they need to be. I'm holding faith for them." Just shine the light. That's right. Shine the light. Let the word What What's What What was the greatest? Was the greatest to have just the tablets or was the greatest to be able to have the word made flesh? It's the word made flesh. Yes, sir. Let the word be made flesh in your life. Let that word because it's that it's that living Christ in your life passing over passing over their lives. If there's something that's there and I'm going to say I believe there is. We don't approach with I don't know if there is or not. That's not for me to worry because I'll tell you if lot of people could have looked at me and said there's nothing about his life. I'm not trying to preach again but I just think this is fitting. You could have looked at the woman at the well and said why give her the time of day? Look at her life. It's all messed up and ruined. But down beneath all of those other choices, [Applause] beneath it all, there was a divine appointment where his presence I have must needs, divine grace coming to influence, a choice that would satisfy a thirst that she had in her life. What about Rahab? What about others? So don't don't don't look at what you see out here. Just shine the light. That's why we're not we're not trying to we're not trying to conform people and oh make people going to make you good BWTN if that's such a thing. We're going to make you good. You know what that happens? That's temporary. That's right. It's temporary. It's like putting a band-aid on a wound that's unclean. Got to clean out the wound. So you know what? I'm in no hurry. Listen, we're in God's time. Amen. When I say hurry, yeah, I want to I'm working in haste. We're working with as though this could be our last service. This could be our last moment. That's how we live our lives. All right. Amen. But you know what? It's all in God's hands. And if we've put ourselves in God's hands and we're standing on his word, we can't fail because God can't fail. You believe that? Hallelujah. God bless you this morning. Amen. Brother Eduardo, let's press on. Amen. Let's press on. Yes, sir. Making choice after choice. Decision after decision. Amen. Hallelujah. And every decision I want to look at it. Where's this going to lead me? [Music] Oh, no. No. I'm not going that way. See, some paths we've already been down. Hello. Some paths we've already been down by decisions. And you know what's happened? You You know what it is? Don't look down on yourself. Look at it right now. that path or that decision you made before that you can look at and say that was a wrong decision. But be by submitting to the word of God, God has touched you and it's brought discernment in your life to look ahead and say nope not going that way. Not going that way. That's God working with his sons. That's God working with his daughters. What's he doing? He's maturing us. Amen. Why don't you shake hands with one another? Amen. God bless you. Amen. and God bless you. God bless you. We'll let you be dismissed here in the name of the Lord. You want to stay in worship, that's fine. We love you. God bless you richly. [Music] Without you, I know I could never make heaven my home. Oh, let me walk with you, Jesus. Oh, don't ever leave me ever leave me. Oh, without you. I know I would never. [Applause] No, never. No, never make heaven my home. Yes. [Music] Lord, you found me when I was so lonely. [Music] Yes, you found me when I was so blue. [Applause] [Music] Yes, you found me when no one could help me. And no one knew just what to do. Yes. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Oh, don't ever [Music] leave me. Oh, [Music] without you I know I never never make heaven my home. Yes, I've been on the mountain with Jesus. Lord, I've been through some valleys so low. [Music] Oh, never one time has he failed me. So to him with my troubles I go. Oh, let me walk with you, Jesus. [Music] Don't ever, Lord, leave me alone. [Music] Oh, without you I know I would never. Oh, no. Never take heaven my home. No, never make heaven my home. I am a friend of
