################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - God's Provided Place of Healing - Part 2 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   God's Provided Place of Healing - Part 2 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOW8_OhoTg8
========================================

[Music] again. So many times I've questioned certain circumstances and things I could not understand. [Music] Lord of many times in trials, weakness blurs my vision. And it's then my frustrations get so out of hand. Oh, it's then I am reminded. I've never been forsen. And Lord, I've never had to stand one test alone. And as I look out on the victories, his spirit rises up in me and it's through the fire. My weakness is made [Applause] strong. Lord, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to pass. He never offered victory without fighting. But he said hell would always come on time. [Music] Just remember when in the valley of decision and your adversary says give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through again. Oh, I know within myself that I would surely perish. Oh, but if I trust the hand of God, he'll shield the flame. For he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. Oh, praise the Lord today, saints. He never offered victory without fighting. He said, "Help would always come on [Music] time." Well, just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision. Hallelujah. He says, "Give in just cuz our Lord will show up and he will take you through the Just hold on. Our Lord will show up and he will take you through fire [Music] again. Hallelujah. Let's sing this. Something keeps holding. Something keeps holding me. Something keeps holding me. Let's just sing this before we usually don't do two songs, but this one just came on my heart. Let's sing this one before we go. The trials of this world were getting [Music] stronger. Oh, the pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, the strength within myself just wasn't [Applause] there. Something for Oh, thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, every day I see. Yes, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding [Music] me constantly, giving me victory. Oh, how many say this this morning? He's a reality and something keeps holding. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, praise your name, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, Satan laid before me his [Music] temptation. For it was his desire to steal away my faith. Oh, I got joy this morning, church. But I have found inside. Oh, [Music] [Applause] revelation. I find the strength I need to keep me in his grave. Something keeps holding me. everything I see. Oh, he's helping me. Is he faithful this morning to overcome my [Music] triumph, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Yes, he's my reality. Yes, something keeps holding. Let's all stand together this morning. Let's sing. We know who's holding us, right? Oh, Jesus keeps holding [Applause] me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully. to [Music] overcome [Music] trials. Send me. Oh, he gives me my [Music] victory. He's my reality. Oh, Jesus gives hope to me. Oh yes, he's a reality. I know Jesus keeps holding me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. How many is glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning? It's good to be here. Good to hear the praises of the saints and just feel God's presence drawing near. Amen. How many say, "Lord, I'm here. I want to draw you close, Lord. I want to praise your name. I want to be in your presence this morning. Lord, I want to worship you." Amen. No matter what's come our way, right? Amen. He's worthy of all praise and glory. Praise God. We have a few uh prayer requests here this morning. I ask brother Matthew to come and open up service of prayer. So, we'll take these before the Lord. Amen. and trust him. He'll take care of every one of them. Right? Take one of these on your heart. Listen as we uh uh remember this as you're praying this morning. I'd like to ask you all please remember me in prayer this morning. Still getting over a little bit of sickness. Uh so uh just trust the Lord will help us get through the service. And Amen. We'll make a joyful noise. Right. Safe. Let's pray. Excuse me. Let's pray. Oh, first of all, we have a testimony. Uh brother and sister Chris. We want to thank God for a good life he's given us. Thursday, we celebrated our 60th wedding anniversary. Praise God. God has been so good to us and God has blessed us abundantly. Amen. That's right. It's good to see him here this morning with Sister Crest. God bless you. Praise God. Praise Praise the Lord. Looking forward to that many years with my wife. There's There's Amen. Lord Lord grant it. Amen. Safe travel. Let's pray for Sister Gloria. God bless you. Sister Gloria Keith was this morning. God bless her. She's traveling back to Tennessee this evening. Let's pray that God watch over her, keep her safe. I like this one. This is a good one. Let's pray for God's will for our service today. Let's pray for God's will to be done today in the house of God. Amen. If there's anyone needs saved, save them, Lord. Fill with the Holy Ghost. Refilling, Lord. Have your way today, Lord. Brother Gabriel says, "Please pray for my friend Rick Sikhack. Uh he's a fourth generation farmer and a welder at the company we work at. Uh he's trusting that God will bring relief to his back pain. Thank you. So he's asking for prayer this morning. May God grant that. Sister Kim uh Brownie says, "Please remember brother Bobby Carper. He got injured at work." And Sister Michelle is also not feeling well this morning. Let's just continue to pray. God will grant them deliverance from the enemy trying to oppress him all the time. Amen. Please remember brother and sister Rachel Atkins uh in prayer. Amen. That's from Sister Kim as well. Sister Steph uh says, "Please continue to pray uh for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord." Amen. Trust God will grant that. We're looking forward to that. Amen. Sister Gomez says, "Prayer for Linda De uh Darula Dava Davia Davila Dava. Lord forgive me." Uh pray for Linda Davilla Davila. Uh the Lord's will be done. Amen. God grant that. Please pray for our Sunday school. Amen. God bless uh uh the Sunday school teachers. May that be a great blessing for the children. Sister Naomi says, "Please pray for my children and grandchildren." The Lord knows. God bless. Amen. I'm sure God take care of that. And he knows their names. Urgent prayer requests. God knows. Amen. And let's pray. Brother Bill, he came to church this morning and he wanted to be here so bad, but uh he was not feeling well and he didn't want to get anybody else sick, so he went back home. Let's pray for Brother Bill this morning. I love him. just the longer I've been here, Brother Bill's always been such a pillar, you know, such a wonderful brother and and always an inspiration to me. He's he's put up with a lot with me through the years as a as an understudy song leader. So, just appreciate Brother Bill. How many has already on your heart today you didn't write down? So, good to see some of the that's been sick back in the house of God today. Amen. God's already granting those prayers and let's just trust he'll take care of these as well. Amen. Brother Matthew Let's pray. Lord Father Jesus, thank you for everything that you've done for us and thank you for everything that you continue to do. Lord, we know that we are unworthy of it all, but it's not because of what we've done or what we ever will do. It's because you love us, Lord. Lord, there's pain, there's sickness, there are mental battles, there's just all sorts of problems that are going on, Lord. And Lord, I'm going to be honest. I don't know why they're happening. Nobody knows why they're happening, Lord, but you do, Lord. Lord, you can take the bad and you can use it for the good, Lord. Lord, help us to do your will, not our own, Lord. Because, Lord, we can do things that we think are right, but they're not, Lord. What you think is right is right, Lord. Lord, we need you every minute, every hour, every second, Lord. Help us each and every day, Lord. And I ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. church said. Amen. Amen. God bless you. It's not a good time to be shaking hands. So, just wave at each other and say, "God bless you. It's good to see you this morning." Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. In Christ alone, my hope is found. Hallelujah. [Music] In Christ alone my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. This cornerstone, this solid ground firm through the pierces drought and stone. What heights of love, what depths of peace, where fears are still and striving seas, my comforter, my all in all. Here in the love of Christ I stand in Christ alone who took on flesh, fullness of God in heaven babe. This gift of love and righteousness scored by the ones he came to save. Still on that cross as Jesus died, the wrath of God was satisfied for every all my sins on him was laid. Hallelujah. Here. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Christ I live. There in the ground. His body laid the light of the world. My God. This hallelujah. Then bursting forth to this glorious day. Up from the grave he rose. Oh hallelujah Lord Jesus. And as he stands in [Music] victory since curse has lost its grip on me for I am his. Hallelujah. He is mine. I'm covered with the precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life. No fear in death. Hallelujah. This is the power of Christ in me. From my life's first cry to my final breath, I know this. Hallelujah. Jesus commands my death. Oh, what a promise. No power of hell, no scheme of man could ever be from his hand till he returns or he calls me home here in the power of let's sing that again. No power will no power of hell. No scheme of man could ever block me from his hand till he returns or he calls me home. Here in the power of Christ I'll stand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking. Sand. All other ground is sinking. One more time. Water Christ the rock sand. All of the ground is sinking sand. All of the ground is sinking sand. Oh hallelujah. Lord, you brought me from sorrow and pain. You were there. Amen. Every time that I'd call, you remember when he reached out for you? Oh, you reached out and lifted me out of sin chain. But this morning, but tonight, Lord, you can just let me fall. Oh, let me fall in love with you. Oh. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh Lord hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Lord Jesus hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord let me hear your tender voice. Sing. Let me come in. I will with him. Oh yes, Lord. I'll open the door. I'll walk through the winter and face death's coldest. How many loves those springtimes? But the springtime brought strength. You stand tall. Wasn't too long summer without any rain. What's left, Lord, but to have a great fall. Yes, Lord. Oh, let your word speak to us this morning, Lord. Let me fall in love with you all over again. Let me love you like never. Oh, like never before. [Music] and let me hear your tender voice saying let me come here. I will willingly open the door. Yes, I will [Music] willingly open the door. Hallelujah. [Music] He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. Sing it with me now. And now I sing a brand new song and grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never [Music] [Applause] pay. He paid a debt at Calvary. Oh, he cleansed my soul, set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins. Hallelujah. Oh, and I now can sing a brand new song. Yes, sir. All day long. Christ Jesus. Well, hallelujah. Never paid. And one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glorious to see him on that day? Yes, it will. Hallelujah. Oh, I will sing a brand new [Music] song. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Yes, one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Oh, it be glorious to see him on that day. Oh yes, I will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Christ Jesus paid my debt that I could never pay. Well, I am blessed. I am [Music] blessed every day that I live. Sing it now. When I wake up in the morning till I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. I am blessed. Help me church. Every day that I live, I am blessed. Well, when I wake up in the morning, till I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I bless church. Are you blessed? Well, are you blessed? Every day that you live, are you blessed when you wake up in the morning? Do you lay your head to rest? Are you blessed? Are you blessed? Let's say yes, I am blessed. I am blessed every day that I live. I am blessed. Well, when I wake up in the morning till I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. I am blessed. W Hallelujah. Let's praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Woo. [Applause] Glory. Well, glory, glory, hallelujah. Since I laid my burden down, well, glory, glory. Well, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Since I lay. Well, I'm feeling better. So much better. Oh, since I lay my burdens down, I'm feeling better. So much better. Since I lay my burden down, church, I had troules, I had trials. Oh, every day I wore a crown. But then I took my troubles to Jesus. That's when I lay my burden down and my peace passes all understanding since I lay. Hallelujah. Glory to Jesus. Hallelujah. Yeah. My peace passes all understanding. Since I lay my burden down, I'm going home to be with Jesus. Oh, since I burn it down. I'm going home to be with my Jesus since I laid my burden. One more time. Glory. Glory. Well, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down where glory hallelujah since I lay my burden now glory glory hallelujah since I lay all my burden Yeah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Lord, you didn't have to open my eyes. You could have easily passed me by for this age I am living in. It's wretched, poor, and blind. But then I heard recognizing your name, serpent seed and [Music] perfect, the preach and the message. I think we all say this, Lord, I thank thee. Oh, and I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done? Oh Lord, all this glory revealed to me. Oh, thank you for when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. Oh, not even in my wildest dream. Oh my, did I think I'd see such thing. Hallelujah. As the coming of the Lord, the rapture mystery I have heard, but now I see. God in simplicity. The spoken word is the original seed. And Lord, I thank thee. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glories revealed in me? Thanks for that special night when I saw your glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life, Lord. I Oh, one more time. Let's sing it. Hallelujah. Yes. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such [Music] glorious? Thank you for that special night when I saw your glorious life. You're face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. [Music] Can't you see what I'm happy? Can't you see [Applause] why? Well, you know what you got to sing after that song. Can't you see why this morning? As brother Samuel guess comes this morning looking forward to the word. Oh, I've accepted the word of the Lord. That's where that joy comes from. Hallelujah. Well, the reveal word that was spoke. Oh, by God's prophet of We're not ashamed of the gospel this morning, right? Let's sing it again. Well, can't you see? Oh, I am happy. Yes, I've accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, our revealed word that was born by the prophet of Malach. Oh, by God's prophet of Malach. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Amen. I love you Lord and I live my v to worship you oh my soul rejoice. Take joy my king. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. In what you let my life Lord every day may it be a sweet sweet sound in your ear. Oh, we love you, [Music] Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to [Music] worship you, oh my soul. Yes, rejoice. Let's all stand together as our pastor comes. Take joy, my king. It was you here. It be a sweet, sweet in your ear. Sing it one more time as our pastor come. Let's just all raise our hands together. Sing it. Oh Lord, let him know you love him this morning. Oh, I love you, Lord. And I live. I will lift my voice to worship you. But oh my soul I [Music] rejoice take [Music] in what you hear. Oh, and may it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ears. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ears. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. You love him this morning. Amen. It's so good to be together. So thankful for God's mercy. Amen. Upon us and um we just um looking to the Lord for what he would have in store for us. And Amen. Good to see some different some faces back that uh were out and sick and we're so thankful for God's healing touch, aren't we? Amen. I tell you. And just as I just really feel pressed on my heart and I think we could all join together even once again here as we prepare to approach the word that may God bring a real strength even to our immune systems. Right. Amen. Because you say, "Oh, brother Samuel, we have scripture that says that wherein that you know uh he by his stripes we were healed." That's true. But there's also a scripture where John said, "Beloved, I would thou work in health." Right? Is that right? Even as thy soul prospers. So God's not only interested in divine healing, he's interested in divine health. Amen. So we we have an approach to pray and and ask for the Lord that God would just would just come among us and and just really give us strength and touch us. Amen. It's we we certainly need a touch from the Lord. And we God knew we would be living living here in this time in this age. It's true. There's a lot of factors, a lot of things that if we look at it that it can be it can be very discouraging. But you know what? We can always go to God in prayer. God is faithful. God has given us his word and God will guide and direct us and see us through just exactly what we have need of. Amen. You believe that? He's faithful. He's faithful. Amen. Let's just approach him in a word of prayer as we prepare for this part of the service. Heavenly Father, Lord, how thankful we are for your mercies once again. Thank you Lord for allowing us to be able to gather Lord here. These are moments Lord that we certainly don't take for granted. And I pray that Lord if we have in any way that you would forgive us for Lord we when we're not able to be here it's something Lord we look back and say oh God I I want to be there. We know that, Lord, that we're thankful for all of the ways that you provided for us, Lord. I I'm so thankful, God, for the assembly that you provided streaming for us, Lord, when different ones are sick and they're shut in, Lord. I thank you for that, Lord. And Lord, I'm thankful God that you provided, Lord, that where we could come and gather, Lord, together, Father, putting our licks of fire together, Lord, just knowing that when your children come together, as the prophet said, it's more of the Godhead bodily among us. Now, Lord, you see the needs. How wonderful it is, Lord, to see different ones, Lord. Just, Lord, being able to be back, Lord. Father, just strengthening them in their body. And Lord, I pray God as we Lord would unite our hearts and our faith together as an assembly right now. You know the needs Lord that are among us. And we're asking God not only Lord for divine healing in our body, Lord, for every sickness, for every condition, Lord, that is present, but we're asking God for divine health as well, Lord. Father, may you just minister to our bodies, Lord. I pray that God just bring a a real strength, Lord, that to the immune systems, Lord. Oh, God. May your presence, you're still the same God that Lord restores, Lord, heart, Lord, from heart conditions and delivers from diabetes, Lord, and breaks the yoke of high blood pressure, God, and heals the oppressed, Lord. You're still the same God that Lord to move upon the immune system Lord you're the almighty God. And so Lord you said ask the father anything in my name and I'll do it. Lord as your prophet taught us Lord that we have the right motive and objective within it that Lord we want to serve you Lord and serve you better Lord. So I pray that God that you'll just move Lord. I pray father uh through our lives upon our bodies Lord in every system oh God may it be brought Lord in complete subjection to the word of God and the confession Lord from our heart we pray grant it Lord may you strengthen your children Lord I pray be with each and everyone Lord may you just guide us this morning Lord we reserve Lord ourself completely to you Lord that you might have complete preeminence in this service Lord Lord, and guide and direct the thoughts, Lord, of our hearts, Lord, that Father, that what you've determined, Lord, may we be in that channel, oh God, of one mind, Lord, of one heart, one accord. And may you just, Lord, come and perform your word right among us, in us, Lord, and through us. We pray. We ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. I'd like to go to back to Psalms 103 here this morning. And uh I just want to kind of take just a just a little bit of an approach and upon this and um may God help us just to build it to the place that where we can be able to receive from the Lord what he would desire to minister to us. You know, there's no ending place to the word of God. And uh the word of God is so beautiful, so wonderful, so encouraging. Amen. And so Psalms 103, a very familiar passage. We read from this last week. David said, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who health all thy diseases, and who redeemth thy life from destruction, who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies, who satisfithth thy mouth with good things, so that thy youth is renewed like the eagles. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word. As you're being seated, I'd like to continue that thought on God's provided place of healing. And I want to I'm going to move into another a little portion of this, a little channel within in healing. And I wanted just maybe to build a little bit of a background here and to know that, you know, brother Ram would say at many different places, three places at least that I I know of where he would speak regarding that of of healing that it is all healing. It does come from the Lord and God will heal through medicine. God will heal through music. God will heal through love. God will heal through care. And brother Brandon makes this statement. He says, "It just depends on what what type of healing that you need." So God God knows and he is mindful to minister to all the healing that we would have need of. And as we would say through this journey that we we are on that the ultimate healing and what is the absolute necessary healing is the healing of our soul because when our body has been um and been made well and and and I tell you that it feels good to feel good but that body we understand we've experienced it and sometimes more frequency and so forth. forth. We we sickness can come again or some other type of affliction can come. But once the soul has ever been healed, it can never be touched again. The scripture said we are sealed until the day of redemption. And so that's the healing that we are to be in pursuit of or if I can say in pursuit of is rather to be yielded to is that that God would take us to a complete and full healing in our soul. And so within that, we were looking at that last week that healing itself, it comes from the inside out because even when we think of medicine, you can place medicine, let's say, you know, I I had at one point in time I had when when I'd cut this part with a knife when I was back in college by accident and that tendon was popping out of there and you know, they stitched it up and then there was ointment that they put on it and you know back then I didn't have access to vitamin E ointment you know now you just put that vitamin E ointment on certain things and it really helps you know within it it's things that's just it's from from nature that that helps but to understand that you know to see how that within that light that healing comes from the inside is that brother Brandon makes it so so simple he says if let's say for example that this body I would have that wound or that cut if life goes out of my body and I'm here I am laying in the morg. They could put all of the ointment they want on this wound and it would never heal because life is the healer. True. And so this is why that within our lives that you know it's always in that place I think God in his mercy of how that God would know that there would be lives and hearts that would never be surrendered uh to believe the Lord for healing and they they would just look at and say oh that's that's foolishness and oh it's just you know our our great understanding and we we we know that it's God that gives them an access to understand certain things and we see that certain surgeries are certainly um are certainly uh much better than it was even some years ago. I think even with open heart surgery from when my dad went through it 99 to others that's went through it here not too long ago. It's much different than what it was then even the recovery times and how they'll do different things. But you see it's it's all by medicine and medicine what medicine does is medicine it allows it ministers there to the body and allows the body to heal itself because it's just like anybody in here ever had a broken bone. Okay, Sister Wilma, I know Sister Wilma has. Okay, brother Brian, you probably had a few, huh? No, I just teased him, Brother Brian. Just teas him. But you know, we've heard we've all heard brother Brandham say this. You know, you can go to the doctor, they set the bone, but they don't heal it. Is that right? They they only try to set it. And then you have things like Sister Wilma, what you had come through here some years ago where they they did a surgery there on her ankle and actually the doctor that wasn't done correctly and that's why they had to redo it. and and boy, how we're thankful for God's touch on Sister Wilma's life cuz she's really went through a battle after that last surgery to correct that. So, first of all, it's got to be set correctly. We see that like Sister Wilma, what an example here today. It's got to be set correctly to to grow back correctly or else it's going to give some real pain and discomfort and things like that. And I always think my dad when they when they opened him up for the open heart, dad would, you know, he would he would always a lot of times he would rub that. He would kind of complain. He said, "I just get so tired. I get so weary and he said he said sometimes I wonder you know dad would make comments he said you know I wonder if they got the right person or wonder you know if I wonder if they did it correctly you know because it would there were different times he would just do this I remember my dad just doing that you know and he would talk about just getting so tired and things but my point within it is is that it's when things have to be set correctly and then it will heal and this is why when God the Bible says in the book of Psalms 105 Five, he hath sent his word and he healed them. You see, God's word, it comes into our life to set things in the right direction. It it comes to bring us back, if I can use the scriptural term, back into harmony with God. This is why the Holy Spirit deals with the heart to bring us first of all to recognize we're a sinner to recognize the path we're on. Lead us. The Bible says the goodness of God leads us to repentance. It's like it's like the doctor taking a hold of a bone or something and saying this is going to hurt, but we got to put this back in line. See, repentance, it's the goodness of God. It brings us to that place of the realization. It's not just a a sorrowfulness for, oh, what a condition I'm in. Oh, what a shape I'm in. No, that's worldly sorrow. But godly sorrow is where we can we see the effect and we and we see our need for for one who who who is greater than us, one who has already paved the way for you and I. And it's the spirit of God working upon our hearts. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ moving and dealing with our life to do what? Get us in line for healing. Amen. And then comes, you know, the God gives us, as the Bible said, a new heart and new spirit. It's a new way of thinking about the word of God and things that we never, you know, even our our thoughts, you know, and sanctification and how we think about things and, oh, I I don't want to do this and I don't want to do that and and we're, you know, you're we're kind of, you know, just looking in a place to where that now God can even deal with us because, you know, as brother Brandham said, when that new heart and that new spirit has come, he said many times, he said, people mistake that for the Holy Ghost. He said, "But really, God has to give you a new heart and new spirit for for you to even get along with yourself, much less with God." So, you see what God's doing? He's taking like the bones and what's out of place in our life, and he's working to bring it in harmony with his word. It's God who gives the new spirit. It's God who gives the new heart. And then he said, "I will cause my spirit to dwell in you." and cause you to keep my statutes. I'll cause you to walk in my way. So, so it it will not be uh something that you know where uh I I don't want to say it's not a struggle because you always you always struggle with the flesh but to understand the reality of that life on the inside when the desires have been changed to where that even when something has gone wrong or the slightest wrong there is a a reality that rises within us to say forgive me Lord because there why it's a desire to remain in harmony with the harmony we've been brought back into. You see, this is it's all God and now it's God from the inside working to the outside. So, this is where that brother Ram said, you know, a conversion is not something from the outside in, but we want to come from the inside out. Right. Amen. And so, you know, uh they can close up a wound, but if they don't get everything out of that wound, it can. So, you got to get that we got to get the wound cleared out, then we can stitch it up. And then you can continue to minister to it. So, it's getting things set and in line in order. And I want to say it in this way that God himself is indeed our provider and he provides just what we have need of in every crucial moment. Let me just give you just a few just a few little quotations here. Brother Ram said God had sent Abraham to this destination. He's talking about Genesis 22 to this place. And when Abraham got there, God was under obligation to keep his word to Abraham. And he provided a sacrifice in the crucial moment when it was needed. Now, I love that when it was needed. You see, the greatest thing that you and I, the greatest I think every one of us could say, I want to give God the greatest compliment. And you know, the greatest compliment that we can give to God is to believe him. Amen. And to obey him. That's the greatest compliment you can you can give God no higher compliment to than to believing. Amen. And to trust him and to and elites to obedience. All of that works together. And notice Abraham didn't try to figure out how is this going to happen. But God had worked upon his heart and his life to where now he comes to this place in Mount Mariah. And God at the very moment when the knife is in the air to take his son's life, we recognize this was all a type of Calvary. And it was also a type just as the lamb of God laid down his life so that the life in that blood cell could come back and deal with the lambs of God and lead the lambs of God to their own sacrificial surrender of their own lives to the will of God. So Mount Mariah was a complete display of Calvary and then through Calvary how the spirit of God would lead the children of God in a life of full surrender. So when you when we look at this, brother Ram says he comes in this he says of how you know the vision itself let me back up. He says it it wasn't a vision it was really a ram. Abraham picked it up, tied it, laid it on the altar, and stabbed it with his knife, and blood run out of it, and it died. A ram that had been flashed into existence in one minute. And the next minute went out of existence as a sacrifice. God can do all things. He's Jehovah Gyra. Let me tell you who this ram was. This ram was the same one who was slain in Genesis 15. Amen. Genesis 22 said, "I looked to see I'm talking about Revelations 5 with Genesis 22. I looked to see the lion that had prevailed. And what did he see? He saw a lamb that had been bloody, one that had overcome." Is that right? So now God's provided way. This is what this is what the message of the hour has brought to you and I. It brings the reality that all that you have need of, he has already provided. It takes away the veils of thinking. It does away with all of the uh anything to where it becomes as though it's my efforts, it's my abilities, it's my love. No, it does away with it all. And it shows just trusting our faith in God and God provides what's needed at the crucial moment. That's what this message did. Let me just tell you something. I can tell you right here this morning. If you'll just let your faith loose, it doesn't matter what might be troubling you. Amen. It it doesn't matter even what habits might be in your life. It doesn't even matter the sin condition. Let me just say it to you. You don't even have to wait till the end of the service to receive deliverance. He is almighty God and your faith being released. He can move right there and circumcise your heart and take out the desires, things that you've tried to lay down. He can move right forth this morning and take it right out of your life and raise your faith up to where it's intended to be. Hallelujah. Why? It's a work between God and man. Oh, hallelujah. Brother Ram said, when that crucial moment has been come, God is able to step right there and provide the sacrifice or provide the way. When God has made a promise, God's under obligation to his word to keep it. God's always God's always had a had a had a provided way. this message. If you haven't listened to this message in a while, my lord, I I just been just really really joy enjoying this message. God's provided healing for this generation in 1954 because just to put it in perspective, God has always had what was needed for his people at that time. He had what was needed with the ram. He had what was needed when Israel got into the wilderness. They were backed up against the Red Sea. He made a way. Amen. When they were in need of water, he made a way. The rock, God, God, the rock that followed them, there was rock. There was water that came out of that rock. Right. When they had need of food, God supplied the mana. And even when they themselves wanted meat, God sent a wind and blew the kale in or the Yeah. the quail. He blew it into the camp. God has always He's always when they came upon bitter waters here, he directed Moses to see that that that bush that was growing there and he took that bush down and put it there in those waters and the waters that were bitter became sweet. There's there's nothing that can sweeten our lives. There's nothing that can sweeten our experience. Nothing can do that outside of the Lord Jesus Christ. Yeah, he was wounded for my transgressions. Amen. That he was placed upon a tree. He also was that tree representing that was shown to Moses that when it was cut down and placed into the waters of humanity, it can sweeten bitter waters. Hallelujah. It can take away the bitterness from your life, our lives, and sweeten it. It can sweeten every experience. Who can do that? He can do that. Amen. So he's always provided. God even when one brother I love how he says it in this message. He says even when there was one God was bringing one type to an end. God always made sure there was that next part that was ready to move right into action. When the pool of Bethesda of how that they would angel would come down at a certain season and trouble the water and remember the man who was not able to get there. He said I'm not able to get there. And when that in itself was getting ready to be removed a as a source or as a place here here we find God himself had come down and tabernacled in flesh what as the provided way of healing. So there's always been a provided way of healing. Let me tell you this isn't something Let me just say it like this. There's things right now they talk about antibiotic resistance and all these other things and so forth. And you know what? I'm I'm not g I'm not here to to talk about it, debate about it. I'm not here to look at it. We understand there's certain things that won't work. But let me just tell you something. There has never I don't care. There's never been sin or sickness or anything that's able to withstand the blood of Jesus Christ. The blood is all sufficient. Amen. Just like we read for our text, it don't matter. The blood, it is more than enough. And you know what brings that blood to your life? Because the blood was shed back there. But it was the life that was within that blood. And what brings that to your life? What brings it to your heart? What brings it to your body? What applies it is faith applies the blood that was shed. Amen. That's so good. Yes. Amen. And you know, God, think about it. Brother Ram says it like this of how they were going in the wilderness and you know you know I love how brother Ram would would dramatize it there and he said if we could just think of Moses because the Bible said there weren't any of them stricken or afflicted. Right? Now it didn't mean that they didn't come down with sicknesses. It didn't mean that things didn't come about them. You see how brother Ram would tie that in? He would look at that in the scriptures and how God would show him. Sure, there were things that came up in the camp, but God himself had already provided. Amen. You see, God's not in the business of trying to figure things out right now and oh my, what do I do? This is a crisis situation. He's already provided. What we read here in Psalms 103, that was clear back there in the mind of God. That's right. Isaiah saw it. Isaiah was picked up and saw it as a past event in the mind of God. It hadn't even happened yet. Is that right? Yes. And to see how that God would take that and and Brother Ram said, "Would you like to look in that doctor's bag a little bit?" I love that. He said, "Let's let's look in here." He said, "And let's see what it was." Maybe there was one getting ready to have a baby. Maybe there was one where glaccom came up in their eye. Maybe there was one that came with a broken broken arm. man. And he went through a whole list of different things. He said, "Let's see what prescription Dr. Moses had in the bag." Oh, I find it. I'm the Lord that health all thy diseases. [Applause] It didn't matter what the circumstance was, the answer was always the same. That's right. Hallelujah. The answers never changed. I'm the Lord that health all thine diseases. Amen. Oh my. And God allowed them even when remember when they were bitten with the snakes. Remember they had complained and notice God's mercy how that they raised up on a on a pole and rep you know that pole representing the cross and and how they rep represented they put on there a serpent and on that serpent it was brass. Brass means judgment. Look on the side or when you go in a hospital, when you go in a doctor's office, on the side of an ambulance, you'll see it. It's a brazen serpent. It won't be the color of brass. But let me ask you something. Even that with the medical science and all of that up on there. You know what it testifies of? Healing. Amen. And you know what? It represented sin already judged. Because as soon as you deal with sin, you're also going to deal with healing. Amen. or sickness in order to bring healing. Hallelujah. And all they had to do was look and live. Amen. And brother Rabbit said God allowed them to draw dividends on the promise that hadn't even fully come to pass yet. They were drawing dividends from the mind of God of Isaiah 53. They were already drawing dividends. Let me tell you something. You're already drawing dividends while you and I are here in this pest house of a body. We've received the earnest or the down payment when we receive the Holy Ghost. And it is a down payment and earnest that the rest is coming. I've got a body over yonder. And I tell you, we're groaning for a rightful condition. Right. Let me just read a few scriptures here out of Romans chapter 8 and verse 20. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope, because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. Verse 22. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to the redemption of our body. So now remember, in order for that groaning, as Paul would write there in verse 23, that groaning is a groaning for that of that life of that of that other land. It's a it's a desire. There's a homesick. There's a desire for that other land. And you know, the only way that that can be there is you have to have the spirit of that land inside of you. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what separates. That's what that's what separates everything to where that that you know it's not a longing you know look let me just let me let me slow down just for a minute we we enjoy life here you should enjoy life when I say should and there might be some things that can kind of hinder that along the way so I don't want you to take that wrong but God God is mindful to provide for us so that you and I are able to move through this life manifesting his victory in every situation Because there's some real devastating things that can come our way. There's some things that can shatter you. Are you hearing me? So, we're not talking about being superheroes where things don't affect us, but we're talking about where that groaning on the inside. Listen, friends, there should be a desire to to for the rapture and a longing for the coming of the Lord more than ever anything else. Right. And and I tell you, you know, if if we're if we're lined up that way, remember, it's like that bone that sat. If we're lined up that way, then everything else will fall in line. God did not mean for you and I to walk around and worry and perplex and looking at everything all around us. Let me just say this to you. You might think I'm far out, but the Bible said, "Seek you first. The kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these other things will be added to you." I tell you, if I were finding my life and finding things being consumed around me and I'm looking for this and looking for that, let me tell you, you'll never be able with yourself to to put things all together. But if you can look, step back into the hands of God and say, "Lord, this is where I want to be aligned up first." That's why the prophet said, he said, "If you get lined up and you get in the will of God, then the family will get in the will of God." Because the will of God is God's desire for our lives. So, in other words, it's things that we can step back and say, "God, line me up." Because why? Our lives were meant to be filled with the peace of God. Are you hearing me? Amen. Now 2 Corinthians 5 verse one. For we know that if this earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. For in this in this body we grown earnestly, desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. He's talking about that theophony body. If so be that being clothed, we shall not be found naked. For we that are in this tabernacle do grown, being burdened, not for that we would be unclothed, but clothed upon that mortality might be swallowed up of life. Now he that hath wrought us for the self, sames thing is God who hath given unto us the earnest of the spirit. Now think about it. Here we were, you know, we can fellowship on this of where we were within our lives and how God really be to deal with our hearts. I mean, you know, uh, we could have sat within a message church or you sat within a church or for for a period of time, but all of a sudden when God begins to deal with your heart and you begin to see yourself in a light of that that I am a sinner and I am lost, I I need God. I I need the mercy of almighty God. What's happening? the Holy Spirit moving upon our life that causes us to groan for that life, that true life of the Holy Ghost that will set you and I free from that old sinful nature. And then when that life has come in, then that life on the inside is what causes us to groan and long for knowing there is a place. There is a land beyond the river. Amen. It it brings us back into that place like Abraham and Sarah where we are regarded as pilgrims and strangers. Are you with me? Because you know once in a while there's things that come our way in our lives. Even when sickness comes around, situations come around. You know what it is? It's a reminder this is not our final dwelling place. And you might say, "Well, well, brother Samuel, it seems like it comes in seasons." That's exactly right. In the book of in the book of Acts, the Bible would go through the book of Acts and you can see there would be hard persecutions at times and then the Bible said then the churches had rest. So there was seasons, right? There's seasons that we go through and not every season just like in our four seasons, not everybody likes certain seasons. You know, everybody, some people like this season, some like this season, and there's some seasons we don't care for. Sometimes that changes with age, and maybe it's just personal likes or dislikes or whatever, but that all changes. And we can realize this. It's just like where we're at right now. You know, you get a little warm, then it gets cold, then it gets warm, then it gets cold. And and we realize we know where we're standing even by looking at the calendar. It's coming. The days of warmth are coming. There's little things dropping here and there. We realize it's coming and there's an expectation that begins to build in our lives. Now, there are times that I want to I want to deal with this here and I want to look at this this portion or this thought in here and I want to go to Psalms 10 142 and verse one and I want to look at this part on a broken spirit. Remember, it's one thing how God will heal the soul. And I thank God for it, but sometimes when the spirit itself, the spirit of man, because we are a three- room house, right? We are body, spirit, and soul. Your body has five senses. Your spirit has five gates. Reason, conscience, memory, affection, it has five gates. Is that right? The soul only has one. Is he of faith or doubt? So now I want you just to look at this here in the scripture. Psalms 142 and verse one. Here is David. And David, remember this scripture that we're going to read. David is being pursued like a dog. Let's just read it here. He said, "I cried unto the Lord with my voice, with my voice unto the Lord, did I make my supplication. I poured out my complaint before him. I showed before him my trouble. When my spirit was overwhelmed within me, then thou kneest my path." Now, this is very key. My spirit was overwhelmed or turned aside. Right? I'm sure every one of us you've seen or experienced or even feeling it in yourself sometimes when you can look at somebody else say they're not their self. They're not they're not their self. I mean I see them and you see like little glimpses here and there sometimes of coming out and you realize there's there's a there's a distress. There's something that is just not setting just right. No matter how much they tell you it's all right, everything's okay. But you can sense it. You know why? Because your body can't lie. It's all connected. It'll all come out. And David said, "When my spirit was overwhelmed," now let me mind remind you now. He's already been anointed king. He's already seen many battles. He's already defeated Goliath. He has already defeated a lion and a bear. Right. But this was a different thing that he was facing where the very man that he had helped, the very man that he had ministered to now that man had become anointed with an evil spirit. And really it was jealousy. Right. David could play and the spirit would leave Saul. Right. And when then all of a sudden when the spirit would come back, he pick up that javelin. He he didn't listen. He wasn't playing darts. If he would have caught David and he and many times David escaped out of that, it's a miracle. David kept on going back. You know why? You know what that was all about? That was not a fairy tale. That was a believer that had discernment of spirit and was able to separate between the evil spirit and that Saul my king. Are you hearing me? Remember David was encouraged. Take him man. Everything will be good right here. Everything will just just just get rid of him. You see this is where it's important. Let me just say it to you like this. This is an old old saying, but it's true. I found it to be very true. David was a man that was experiencing brokenness in his spirit. That's so good. And here's the danger. Sometimes with hurting is sometimes hurt people hurt people. Oh yeah. Right. You find you find a you know like like our other dog that we had uh you know before what we have now you know he on one of his um claws that that thing had come off and I don't know why why it come off like that and I mean he was he was nothing but a teddy bear. Now I know some people say that about their dogs and they ain't got no teddy bear. It's like lions and tigers. But I mean he was a teddy bear. He would let me do anything. Brother Joey. But when that happened to him like that, I went to try to help him. I went to try to take that off because all you seen was that quit sticking out. I'm tell he he turned back and he snapped at me, but you know, making sure he didn't get in my hand. I didn't know what to do. You know, my brother told me I said, "Hey, I don't know what to do." He said, "Just put him in his crate. He'll take care of it." And you know, sometimes that works. Yeah, that's good. Sometimes that works to where that we can just get into a place like that and you know but but God when that healing would come but God knows just exactly how how to bring healing to our life. But my point was is that he would have never done that. And sometimes when you're dealing with things that when there's hurt in people's lives, sometimes the things that are lashed out is because of hurt. That's right there. I tell you, it's a miracle that David didn't take Saul's life. Are you hearing me? If David would have had Facebook, he would have been tempted, right? Instagram or whatever more. But listen, friends, this is this is reality of where we're at. His spirit was overwhelmed, right? It was turned aside. That's what overwhelm means. right in the way. And watch what he said. But then thou kneest my path. In other words, God, you never lost sight of me. Hallelujah. Amen. When my spirit was wandering, but you never lost sight of me. In the way wherein I have walked, they have probably laid a snare for me. I looked on my right hand, behold, there was no man that would know me. Refuge failed me. No man cared for my soul. I cried unto thee, oh Lord. I said, "Thou art my refuge." Oh, that's so key. Thou art my refuge and my portion in the land of the living. This was a man whose spirit was turned aside. Attend unto my cry, for I am brought very low. Deliver me from my persecutors, for they are stronger than I. Bring my soul out of prison, that I may praise thy name. The righteous shall compass me about for thou shalt deal bountifully with me. Bring my soul out of prison, Lord. I'm just not myself. Oh my. Sometimes you can remember back and look back and say, "Oh, oh, I remember how it was months ago. My it seemed like what liberty I had and what joy I had and what freedom I had and what this but and sometimes you can't even seem to put your finger on it as why has my spirit my countenance why is this broken? Sometimes there are things that we do know and there are experiences as I'll get into a few here in a moment from the message. But there's other times David had no idea how long he was going to be pursued. But let me just tell you something. This is why it's always it's always something to look at. David's behavior during this time when he was in this condition, he behaved himself wisely. That's that's how Saul knew eventually this guy's this guy's going to be the king. He's the one he had taken thy anointing and given it to thy friend. It was his conduct. How many believe that the Holy Ghost is able to give us a real conduct? I believe that. I believe listen if he can he he can change our nature. He can listen miracles, signs and wonders can be done. He's still the God that can move right down and give us strength in our lives, give us a real patience and temperance and godliness. He He's the same God to do that. Now, watch this. Here is in Isaiah 53. He is despised. Looking to the Messiah coming. This is what he was going to experience. He was going to experience being despised. He was going to experience being rejected of men. Right? In other words, relationships broken. Yeah. That's good. A man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. That's right. And we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Brother Brandon says like this. He says in marriage of the lamb, he said, "Forgive our sins and our trespasses. We ask again and we remember those that raised their hands." And down beneath that hand, Lord, was the was a heart requesting something from thee. And perhaps maybe only thee alone could give it. I pray that you'll grant it, Father. Whatever they have need of, give it to them in abundance. There may be sick, Lord, heal them. If there be any that's fallen by the wayside, strengthen that one, that feeble one. A bruised reed he will not break. Or a smoking flax he will not clench. And we know that he would never turn away a bruised reed. He would mend it. And I pray, heavenly father, if there be any spirits that's broken or discouraged or feeble, hands hanging down, knees bagged, may they be lifted tonight, Lord. May the Holy Spirit come and heal our hearts and spirits and our physical beings. And we'll give him all the praise. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Now the Bible says a merry heart maketh a cheerful countenance but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken. Sorrow can come in many different ways. Sorrow can come through the death of a loved one. Sometimes depending on maybe that death is something what we would call natural. Then you can have sorrow that can come from a tragedy. Then you can have sorrow that can come from relationships that maybe and I'm not just talking about relationship between man and woman, boy and girl. I'm talking about relationships that sometimes that can go in a certain direction and sorrow can set in and the spirit itself becomes broken. Let me just tell you what happens when a spirit becomes broken. It's as though you could light all the fires you want and it's not going to move anything down the road. And sometimes you're looking at we just need to build the fire bigger. It ain't going to do nothing. Right? You see what's got to happen is is ministering to that spirit. Right? Are you hearing me? It's where the spirit itself because look look friends sometimes in things we we have the right desire of well I want to see things turned around. I want to see this change or I want to see that and and sometimes sometimes what it is is we're looking for quick fixes on things and saying snap out of this. But these are things that at times you just can't go it needs to be snapped out of. We have to be led back to the place of soundness. So God God listen, he's the ultimate. It's not, you know, it's not me and Brother Dave sinking together or me and Brother Joey or somebody, but it's God by his presence is the one that lines us back up. You know how it is. Look on this iPad I got or my iPhone, you know what happens if if all of a sudden something comes and it wipes everything off my phone? You say, "Well, you got to get a new phone." Not necessarily. Let me tell you what happens. Or my computer. Everything that I'm doing right here is based off of the cloud. Everything is backed up to the cloud. That's why no matter if I'm in a doctor's office on my phone, I'm working as though I'm on my computer. Same files, same thing, pulling quotes and everything else. I because it just goes the same. But so what happens is if something goes wrong, you know what I have to do? I have to get back in contact with the cloud. And the cloud has all of the data stored on there. All the messages, all the cloud, all the files, everything. So, I didn't lose anything. I might have lost access, but all I got to do is get everything back in contact with the cloud. And that's the same way about our lives. Sometimes, sometimes our lives, it comes like a blank screen. things aren't firing the way that it needs to be firing. But let me just tell you something. There's a cloud and in that cloud, it has your real identity. In that cloud, it has the revelation of who you really are. Listen, that's what's been put in your heart already. David said, "When my spirit was overwhelmed, then thou kneest my way." It was already there, Lord. Even though I I've been broken, but that has not been broken. Hallelujah. Amen. Sometimes a broken spirit like you don't feel like doing anything, right? Sometimes you see no end in sight. Maybe it's goal. Maybe it's in college. Maybe it's in school. Sometimes the you just just broken sometimes with things that maybe we've looked at as failure and this didn't turn out or that or whatever and you can become broken. Come on friends, I'm preaching now. You can become broken and it just becomes just like, you know, just sitting around and think, let me tell you, we're living in a time in an hour with depression and anxiety, but let me tell you, it's no match for the blood of Jesus Christ. Let me just tell you something. You might have a son or daughter. You might have family member and you're saying they're dealing with that. Let me just tell you something. You make sure and let your life be an absolute. Let your life be an absolute. What do you mean by an absolute? Let it be a testimony of the promise of God that God is real. He's alive. He keeps his word and stay there as a point of contact. Amen. For God to work through. That's true. Y'all understand what I'm saying? Amen. I'm not saying to put yourself in a dangerous situation or, you know, or something you're drugged down. I'm just trying to tell you that you got to remember it's going to have to be God, but God will work through you to minister just as he ministers to our life. Now, look how Job described this. He Now, Job, you remember Job's thinking wasn't right. Job was thinking this was God doing it. So he says this, but some of the statements he says are are true in this light that the poison thereof drinkketh up my spirit. It wasn't the almighty doing it. God had permitted it. But notice just the things that had happened around Job's life. Broken family, right? Are you hearing me? Things taken away. I mean, you taken the the economic resources and and things things had been changed about his life. And it wasn't just gradual. It was one right after the other. And Job is talking about it's drinking up my spirit. Remember remember what his wife come out and said, "I've been seeing you sitting on that couch day in and day out and you're scraping your your boils with a puncher. Why don't you get up and do something? And if you're not, just curse God and die." Right? And Job said, "Thou speakest like a foolish woman." Hallelujah. Job 7:11, "Therefore, I will not refrain with my mouth. I will speak in the anguish of my spirit." His spirit was troubled. Right? Listen, he didn't lose his standing with God. Right? What God already what God remember God said, "Have you considered my servant Job?" He's perfect. He was looking through the sacrifice. Job said, "My grief is not a savage." In other words, it's not removed. It's not taken away. Job 2:14, "As from me is my complaint to man, if it were so, my why should not my spirit be troubled." Job's spirit was troubled. You know what Job had experienced? Job had experienced grief. Let me remind you the prophet said it over and over. He said Jesus did not die from a spear. He said because when they brought the spear to his side, water and blood came out. He said that was already separated in his body. And he said what brought that is is the extreme grief that he experienced. He experienced the Bible said that even that on his brow was like drops of blood. So the prophet says over and over, he died from a grieving heart. Why? You see, he felt the intensity and the burden of the sins of the world, past, present, and future. The very things this morning that you can sit here as a sinner or or you and I can say, "God, forgive me for maybe a wrong attitude or what I've said." He already experienced that and bore that for you and I. He bore all of our transgressions and that part of separation. Hallelujah. Because he experienced that separation in the garden. He grieved. Yes. And sometimes on grieving, grieving is not just when it comes to dying. Grieving sometimes can come when things haven't gone our way, relationships or things are broken. That's true. And sometimes with grieving, let me tell you something. This is why many times you can read it. I can you go through research on it that sometimes we're those that are caring for those that are in the midst of it. Sometimes with family are right in the midst of it. And sometimes that family is not even able to grieve until afterwards because it's focused on the preparation for everything. And then sometimes with grieving, grieving has on it, it's like a bell curve, it can go from that that part to where it's at first where it's, you know, the sadness and then all of a sudden it can turn to anger. And it's anger regarding the situation. But anybody who falls within that window of their life can experience that anger from that situation. You say, "Brother Samuel, but we're believers, but this guy's not a believer." Your human spirit's not a believer. As a son and daughter of God, we have to recognize that our spirits can be overwhelmed. Listen, sometimes there's things that can happen within a person's life and it's though as though a part of them died and yet they're still living. That's right. So true. It's like a hand or something where somebody loses ability to function in a certain part. They're still here and their hand but but they're not able to function. What happens? The deadness has set in for that flowing and all of those electrons and everything firing down through there to move those body and they're trying to work to get that back. Oh God, I pray may the spirit of God move down through our lives. Lord, through areas of there's places where you say, "I'm just not what I was. I know what God intended me to be." Maybe your spirit has went astray. But God is here in his mercy to restore to heal. Amen. That's the truth. Let me read you a few examples. Brother Bram, it's interesting to me as I've studied this over the time because there's two different sets of twins. One that Brother Bam deals with in the early 50s and one's in the 60s. Incredible. Same things happen within these sets of twins, two different sets of twins. And here here you have some young ladies and they were raised, Brother Brandham said, in a very godly home. Brother Bram would even use this term. He would say that they were grounded in the things of God. And brother Ramman's speaking to the people on Beyond the Curtain of Time, he's going to have to go between services and needs to visit this one of those twins because one of these twins, her name is Ruthie. Brother Brandon, he'll give another account of it in another message where he'll describe what takes place. And he said when he walked in there to her and he said, "Ruthie, because if nothing changes, she's going to go to the asylum." So he walks into the room, Ruthie. Do you remember me? You used to sit on my knee. You used to call me Brutder. Bill, do you remember Ruthie? Brother Bram says, you could take your hand and go like this and with just a stare. Sometimes you can go and shake maybe a person's hand and it's like you're shaking the shell of a person. Don't despise that. That's good. Just remember sometimes you don't know what a person That's right. might be dealing with. Right. That's right. There's sometimes where we've been a shell of a person in different situations sometimes with with grieving and things that's taking place and we really don't know, Lord, how do I get out of this? What do I do? But you know what? He he not only ministers healing to our soul and to our body. He ministers healing to our spirit. He knows just how to lead that spirit right back in line. Remember, brother Ram tells us in greatest battle ever fought, he said, "If we can get everything lined up just right, get you get your soul lined up with God. We get the spirit." He said, "And the body." He said, "We're like a solar system." Is that what he said? We're like a solar system. What happens when we look at all this? God wrote his Bible in the heavens at first. Is that right? So when everything itself can get lined up and some of those things that when we look at it with with situations and sometimes yes it can be our choices and sometimes it's not our choices but regardless either way he's still the Lord that health all. Amen. Now watch how brother Bam says this regarding this little girl. He says this girl he said there's no physical break in the girl. Nothing physically. She's perfectly healthy. It's hard to explain. It really cannot be explained what it is. Her spirit has wandered. He says, "See, you got to catch her spirit and bring it back to the place." So, catching her spirit and bringing it back to the place. And now you say, "Well, well, how does that happen?" Brother Bam tells us how that happens is is you have to project the right thoughts to her. and not just our human thoughts but the thoughts of the word. This why brother Bram said you see he said this is where something it even comes so much deeper and and even reaches out even beyond the preaching of the word. Brother Bram says you know he says it's just like on a break. Now watch how he talks about this. He's comparing the situation with this young girl to Orville Wright. Orville Wright is one of Sister Hadtiey's boys. He says this is just a break like a nervous breakdown. It looked just a few moments ago and I gazed back to a little boy that had the very same thing. We went down there one night at brother Wrights and Orville was just in a complete break. And you know when he tried to run out of the house as good a friend as Orville and I are just like like I'd be his father. I married his father and mother together and he just jumped up and screamed, "Get out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here." And yet Orville, Brother Bram, was like a daddy to him. They were good friends. But something happened. Something happened to Orville. Brother Bram tells us of what had taken place. He said, "We had to go out there and get him through the line of spirit and catch that boy spirit." A lot of grief had come to this little heart. He's young. He had seen a lot and just we brought him right back to the place where he should be and in a few days he was all right. Now what Orville had seen his daddy was an alcoholic and his daddy was out driving the tractor. Brother Bram tells this in different place in the message. My new ministry and so forth. He was out there driving the tractor and that tractor hit a rut. And when it hit that rut, the tractor fell over and crushed his daddy. And Orville happened to be the one that came out there and found him. And when he found his daddy crushed, it set grief into his heart to where he did not even recognize the way his response to brother Brandham. Get out of here. Get out of here. Oh my friends, I wonder sometimes of things that when we have seen responses, I wonder if we've discerned it correctly. That is so good. You sometimes what grief can do, it can cause responses to be in a certain way that even brother said horrible mean he was like a daddy. He was like a daddy to him. They were friends, right? But his spirit had gone astray. He had been wounded by an experience, a tragedy, something that had so broken that spirit. Now, Orville didn't have the Holy Ghost at this time, but it's not saying that somebody's spirit can't go astray, cuz I can show you many others after this. But it was a little bit after after all this happened where the spirit of God moved down in Sister Hadtie's home. after Orville was straightened out and remember she said that ain't nothing but the truth, Brother Baron. And the anointing of the Lord came in there and to both of her boys, right? Amen. Saved and filled with the Holy Ghost right there. Is that right? Now notice, Brother Ram says, "Now concerning the little girl," he said, "Now you got to do the same thing on this." She said, "I've seen it and I know it's true, but you know, I" I said, "I request your prayer that God will help me to find this little girl out into a place where she don't know where she's at and then to bring her back to this place." And that avenue comes through faith. She can't have faith for herself. She don't know where she's at or anything. It's got to take our faith here. Turn with me to Psalms 143. I'm coming down here. I want you to look at this in Psalms 143, very next chapter. David says right here in Psalms 143, "Hear my prayer, O Lord, and give ear to my supplications. In thy faithfulness, answer me, and in thy righteousness, and enter not into judgment with thy servant. For in thy sight shall no man living be justified. For the enemy hath persecuted my soul. He hath smitten my life down to the ground. He hath made me to dwell in darkness as those that have been long dead. Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me. My heart within me is desolate. I remember the days of old. I meditate on all thy works. I muse on the work of thy hands. Let me just pause here for a moment. You know that's powerful to be able to remember. Sounds so good. But when you remember remember the Lord, when you meditate on him, I want you to know he's never changed. You may not feel him, but he's never left you. You may not sense things the same way, but he never left you. But if you could just begin to meditate on his works and what he's done in your life, Amen. Amen. And know that the same God is present to restore the spirit. Amen. Notice what David said. I stretch forth my hands unto thee. My soul thirsteth after thee as a thirsty land. Hear me speedily, oh Lord. My spirit faileth. Hide not thy face from me, lest I be like them that go down into the pit. Let me just say this to you. This is one of the worst mistakes is when you in the midst of failure turn to other resources instead of the word of God. Well, I've had a bad day. Don't expect YouTube to edify you. Well, I've had a bad day, so you know what? I'm just going to go headlong and invest in whatever it is you're thinking about. Cuz what it is, listen, there's always things available to try to divert you, but it cannot minister healing to you. It will not restore your strength. Because listen, I believe this morning I'm also ministering to hearts not only here, but would be on the internet. Then maybe their spirit like Orville, it was lined up and they were heading to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. But somewhere along the line, Satan sidetracked them. Yeah. Oh my god. It might have been through a heart, through a relationship. It might have been through something that didn't come out the way they were looking at it. Grief hit them. Something they don't understand. And Satan just wants one moment to try to lead that spirit astray. Are you hearing me? Brother said he's got to get that first nature to agree with him. Then he kills it. Then the Holy Ghost comes. So Satan can take one little thing and lead a life astray. You know, Satan can come in and he can lead a spirit astray. He listen, he comes through instances in situations that seem so innocent. Whether it's family, whether it's right here in the house of God. Hey, listen. In the book of Zechariah, it didn't say wounds came from my from my strangers. It said I got wounds in the house of my friends. I'm not going there today. But the spirit of how notice this, this is why you don't want to turn to other things. Turn to the things of the Lord. Are are you hearing me this morning? This is why there listen friends, the the tendency within our even sometimes our our being is to just well I'm just going to get this off my mind. But turn to the Lord. I'm not saying that even at that moment that you got to turn around and put on a message or sit down and read your Bible, but begin to fellowship with the Lord and say, "God, you are my refuge. You are my portion, Lord. You're my strength. I'm going to turn to you." Hallelujah. Yes, sir. David said in verse eight, "Cause me to hear, oh God, cause me to hear thy loving kindness in the morning, for indeed do I trust. Cause me to know the way wherein I should walk, for I lift up my soul unto thee. Deliver me, oh Lord, from mine enemies. I flee unto thee to hide. Teach me to do thy will, for thou art my God. Thy spirit is good. Lead me into the land of uprightness. Quicken me, oh go Lord, for thy name's sake, for thy righteousness sake. Bring my soul out of trouble and of thy mercy. Cut off mine enemies and destroy all them that afflict my soul, for I am thy servant. Hallelujah. How many knows the Bible said he revives the spirit of the humble? Yes, he does. He revives the heart of the contrite ones. Brother Bram even talks in two different situations here. Let me close on these. Here's a sister. She's sitting in the back and brother says she just can't get her breath. Nerves have overcome her. Brother Bram said, uh, what I had to do, he said, now don't try to study it. just believe it. He said, "I had to go there." He said, "You begin to project to her the very thought. You're changing her thinking." Now, you might think, "Well, that's psychology." Brother Brandham says, "When you come in here to hear the preaching of the word, that's what the preaching of the word does. It turns your thoughts to higher things." Hallelujah. It's not psychology. It's the mind of Christ. That's right. It's turning our hearts to these things. And after a little bit, just getting that little that that that little lady her spirit and getting it just centered around the things of God and just centered right back around there, everything calmed right back down. It's centered. This is what God will do within a service. This is what God will do through our lives. Sometimes that healing of the spirit, it don't come just like that. Cuz remember, there are miracles and then there's also divine healing where there's times of things that can be healed. It heals and God begins to work and it comes to pass in its own time. Think how Satan did this to a young man. He just gotten married. Brother Brham says how that they went away on their honeymoon. we're almost to the east coast and all of a sudden he said Satan got jumped on him and wanted to build back a complex. Now, complex is a way of thinking. He said they turned right around and came right back. And when brother Brandham pulled in close to midnight, here they were standing in the driveway, his little wife. And here they were supposed to be on their honeymoon, just ringing her hands. Said, "I don't know what's happened to him. I don't know what's wrong. I don't know what's happened." Brother Brandham began to just talk with him just a little bit. And what it was, Satan was trying to build back a complex, trying to lead him astray as far as within his spirit. But God, rich in mercy, moved down and brought healing to that young man. And brother Bram said, "Here they said this morning." Now, I just say it in this way here this morning. God heals the broken spirit. And you know, friends, the thing of it is is that healing itself, it can never come until we recognize we need it. Sometimes there's certain things in areas of our life that you might say, "Well, I don't know if I want healing in that area of my life." But listen, listen, you need healing, right? But don't try in your mind to think of what healing means. Let God bring healing to your life and let him interpret it. Let him bring meaning to it in your heart. Let God restore that that spirit that maybe has wondered. Let him bring it right back in linemen because I've I've witnessed this friends as as a pastor here now God carries it'll be 23 years and sometimes these things what's become more and more clear with different things. There's times where it's the spirit itself that has wandered and it's been broken and you can look and say, "I don't see what's wrong with so and so. Why aren't they acting the same? Why isn't this?" And you know, this is why I think if there's one thing among many things to bring out of a service like this is don't be quick to jump to conclusions. Because you can misjudge a lot of situations and you don't know what a person is going through, but if you notice something, that's a time to take them in prayer. Yes, sir. That's a time to be in prayer for them. If you notice, well, they seem like they ain't acting their same way or they ain't acting theirel. Sometimes their spirit has wandered. There's brokenness that's come in there. You may not know what that brokenness is. And it's not that you have to know what that is, but just to know that God, God, you are able and more than enough to bring healing to my brother, to my sister. I tell you, he's the same God for Orville as he was for Orville, right? He's the same God for that little sister. He was the same God for that little that little that young lady 17 18 years old. And he led her back. And she came right out of there within a few hours out of that out of that place where they had her. He's the same God. Yes, he is. Amen. He's the same God. You believe that? That can go down and listen. Just even to ask him, Lord, heal my spirit. Heal me, Lord. If there's there's something that's been let Heal me, Lord. I need healing, Lord. I need I need a touch. I need strength. I need a place to where a doctor's needle can't go. It it can't stitch that up, Lord. I need your touch. I need your healing. I need your strength, Lord God. If God did it for little Orville, wouldn't God do it for you? If God did it for brother Brandham when he was at a place of just ready to walk away and go up in the mountains, wouldn't he do it for you? That's right. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. He's still the same almighty God. He's never forgot about you. Just remember, he has never lost sight of you. And though you might feel different, you might think different, but I want to remind you, Satan can't change the contents that are in the cloud. Are you hearing me? Amen. It's like in the time of Jeremiah, there was they placed an inheritance and they sealed they had it in a sealed vessel and they had an open vessel. the open vessel. There was all sorts of things somebody could go along and change and change out, erase this and change this out, but they couldn't change what was sealed. So, they could say, "Oh, this and this and this and this and that." There's been a lot of things that's tried to change the openness of our life, but the real identity is in the sealed document. And the sealed document said, "You were always a son and daughter of God." Yes. Might have been a lot of things that happened along life's way, but this is who you really are. The sealed vessel, hallelujah, holds your true inheritance. Amen. Amen. It speaks better things than the open vessel. Amen. Praise the Lord. Do you love him this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. musicians if you come. Oh, may God may his mercy may it just even search our heart even as we in just a little bit would leave the the presence of one another and depart out of this building. But oh friends, let's just let's be real before God. Lord, I I want to I want to be back to myself. Maybe maybe this is just to one person. God would do this just for one person. Amen. You can see this service a little bit different from last service, but he's the same God. See God building our faith within healing and and just, you know, encouraging and taking those things last week and then then here he would come and deal with begin to deal with certain parts in healing of a broken spirit. something that would just you just feel dejected, maybe despised, maybe rejected or sorrow. But I can I say this to you, he's a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of your infirmities. Amen. But I'll tell you what, his desire is not that we would sit around and be filled with sadness. You say, "How?" But Sammy, how do you know that? Well, a lot of scriptures, but let me give you one out of Luke 24. They were so sad. The prophet used the terminology, the term bewildered. They were bewildered. They didn't know what to do. That Peter just said, "You know what? Let's go back fishing. I don't know what to do. Things have not worked out like I thought. We thought it should have been him. Why is all this happened? Why is all these things taking place? They were sad in their communications. But there had to be something that he heard and he drew near. That's right. He didn't stay away, but he drew near. Amen. And he started to walk with them in the sadness of their communications. And you know what he began to do? He just begin to lay things out right according to the word. And so what they could begin to see, wow, these things that's happened, these are things that's God's been in it the whole time. Are you hearing me? God's been in. He's been in you and with you the whole time. Not that everything that has happened has been good, but all things work together for the good to them who are called according to his purpose. And he begin to walk with them. And what happened? Their sadness begin to break. What was happening? Catching their spirit. and he was bringing it right back in line with the word of God and he kept on working with them. I the Bible said they walked a few furlongings miles and finally they said will you come in and when he got on the inside he did something that they recognized this is him. Hallelujah. Same one that made their hearts to burn. The same one that caught their sorrow, caught their sadness and brought it right back around. The word because that's where healing is in the word of God. And you know what it did for them? It took people that were sad, the communication, and it caused them to now look forward with a real assurance of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. And I think how brother Brandham, he takes it like this. Here was a here was a sister that came up and rejected King. Brother Rams just talked told that the previous there in the morning about that you know going beyond the curtain of time and he says here she's standing there she said my boy my boys went on home he said I don't want to I don't want to stay here I want to go I'm old I want to go and he looked at brother Ram asked the person standing next to him he said do can she hear did she hear the message this morning said well she can hear all right he said well why don't you make sure that she hears that and he begins to speak to that sister. He said, "Sister," he said, "you're griefstricken, aren't you?" And he said, "Now, if you can just catch a glimpse of this, your son is standing on the other side waiting for you." That's so good. He said, "It'll just it'll just be like a moment, just a step." But you know what he did? He encouraged her to take a hold and let God let God minister to her right through this time until that purpose for her life was fulfilled. I tell you, God cares. I know these little points like this may not seem like like great big doctrine, but these are places we live. This is places we live. Amen. Amen. And as a pastor, I thank God that he would open my eyes to be able to see that because it isn't me that I can bring healing, but I believe there's healing in the house. He didn't He didn't give me a whole lot, but he gave me two pence. He said, "Keep pouring that oil and that wine in. Keep pouring it in. It'll bring healing to them. Keep pouring it in because it's me. It's my word. It's my spirit. You believe that? Amen. He's all that we have need of. I'm telling you friends, he cares. He cares for you. He cares for me. He cares for your spirit. Just as he cares for your soul, he cares for your spirit. Let's pray. Father, you're mindful, Lord, of us as your children. Lord, we trust you this morning, Lord. I'm I'm trusting you, Lord, as each time to take, Father, just the the fragments of those things that Lord would be spoken. you would give uncction and inspiration to Lord God that for hearts that spirits Lord Lord no doubt Lord there's lives that are here that Lord where there's a broken spirit sometimes Lord that broken spirit that wondering has hindered Something has brought a hindrance, Lord, in their pathway. Maybe they were right in line. You were dealing with them, Lord, moving in their lives. And Satan is an opportunist. He'll take advantage in every situation. But Lord, you don't change your word. You don't lose sight. I'm standing right here this morning. I don't believe you've lost sight of one. You're the same God who went and found Orville. Oh, Brother Brandham came out to that house where he described that little sheny they lived in. Lord, I was right there standing by the edge of the driveway to look upon the hill where Sister Hattie's house was at. It wouldn't have been choice places, as a matter of fact, of her home and house and everything. But God, what what what was so precious? I thought as I stood there, oh God, what you did on that hill, your presence coming down. Just like you provided for Abraham, that ram, you provided for Sister Hadtie's boys. And you provided for Orville, Lord. when his spirit had seen and experienced so much grief, he saw a sight, Lord, of his daddy that God had took the grace of God for his life. Lord, there's things that not only maybe we've seen or we've experienced. I Lord, I can't even imagine the list of things throughout just this congregation right here. But I know Lord, I have absolute confidence that God, you are more than enough to restore the brokenhearted. You're more than enough, Lord, to move right down there, Lord, and catch that heart, that life. Lord, just lead it and center it right back around the word of God. Not that their life isn't centered around the word, but it's just Lord, it's though they're not themselves. Maybe they're staying and they're wanting they're they're like that we talked about that groaning. They're longing to get back to that place. I I just want to get back to that place. Lord Jesus, take our hands, Lord. Take that of our life, Lord. Lord, our spirit, Lord. No doctor can set that spirit like a bone, but you can. You can go down, Lord God, and bring that right back in line. You did it for them on the road to Emmas. You did it for the little sister that was sitting in the prophet's back office there right at the end of 1963. You did it, Lord, to this young man right there, Lord, in the middle of 63 in July. right there. Lord God, you ministered to these different needs. Young people, Lord, like those twins that were there. What about David? You ministered to David? What about Elijah? When Elijah was in the the place that he was in, you went and you ministered to him, [Music] Lord. Oh God, I pray. Lord Jesus, may your Holy Spirit, great physician, Lord, may you bring, Lord, just take that bomb, Lord, through hearts that are open to say, Lord, heal me. Heal me, Lord. Heal me, Lord. You know, I I don't even know where to begin. I don't even know the words maybe to say, but God, heal me, Lord. I I want to come back to myself, Lord. Oh God, granted Lord here this morning. Lord, I've stood here as a witness, Lord. And there's, Lord, a congregation that a witness to. We've not only seen you, Lord, heal physical. We've seen you, Lord, heal cancer. We've seen you, Lord, heal depression, seen you heal anxiety. We've seen you, Lord, change lives, Lord God, by the coming of the Holy Spirit, Lord. hearts being turned around and we believe Lord you're the same God to restore broken spirits Lord wounded oh God grant it grant it Lord thank you for your mercy I think back Lord to the footprints on the sand of time and the man he said I see sometimes it went from two to one set of footprints. What? What happened? What was that? Oh, hallelujah. And your response was to that man, that believer, the one set of footprints you saw is when you didn't have the strength to walk, I carried you. Oh, God. Hallelujah. You've not abandoned your children, Lord. You're not ashamed to pick us up and carry us. No, you're not [Music] ashamed. So, Lord, we dismiss all feelings of shame and guilt for Lord of the ways that maybe that a spirit would be broken or how we would feel. We dismiss those feelings, Lord, of shame and guilt. And we, like David, we call out to you, Lord. Lead me in the path of uprightness. Bring my soul out of prison, Lord. Oh God, grant it. Help us, Lord, I pray. May you just minister to our hearts, Lord. In Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. If you'd like to [Music] stand in me a clean heart, oh God. Yes, Lord. and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh Jesus, almighty [Music] God and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Pass me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Yes, Lord. Take up thy holy spirit from me. Oh, restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew arise spirit within me. How many of you believe forgiveness is of God? Amen. Brother Ram will talk to us of one of the greatest attributes that could be displayed. Brother Ram would say in one place dealing with forgiveness, he said, "Let me show you the power of a believer." And he would take us down through numbers in Exodus. But you know, it's kind of like if you've had an injury that come about to come about. I don't know if this if this happened to brother Brian or not, but a while ago he had a cut and he had all that taped up. Sometimes when things like that happen, you get a physical injury or something takes place, a lot of times you have to tell them and they put you on light duty, right? I don't know if that happened to you or not, but sometimes you do that, right? You can't just assume the regular way that you're doing things, but you you're they're they're giving you lighter duties until all of that comes back to a place, you get released by a doctor, and then you can go back to functioning the way you need to as far as doing whatever you do on your job. Let me just tell you something. This is why I link even when the Holy Spirit would tell us last week sometimes we're trying to forgive without being healed. And in order for forgiveness to work, the channels have got to be healed. This is where healing takes place within our lives. And sometimes we're saying, "Oh, I want to forgive." And we do. We do. I want to forgive. Don't we all forgive to where that we're not holding somebody in a in a in in a cage or holding them there, holding them in that thought of what they did and they did this and but you know this is where reality comes in where we need to then say Lord what I need is healing. I need healing. Cuz you could sit all day long and say you need to forgive. You need to do all that's true but some of the times where it all begins with is healing. Is that right? Hallelujah. It starts with healing. It just starts with that. You know what? You don't even have to know what to say. All you have to say is, "Lord, heal me." Let it be, Lord, to that place to where I can get back to a full duty as a son and daughter of God. Maybe you've been on light duty. Maybe they've been restricted, but now healing can bring you back into that place. Don't you love him? Amen. Let's sing this again. Go ahead and sing it again, Brother Brian. Create in me a clean heart, oh God. Oh, and renew a right spirit within me. [Music] Oh create me a clean. Yes, Lord. Oh God. Amen. And renew a right spirit within me. Oh, and cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me, but resto Restore unto me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within me. One more time. Cast me not away. Oh, cast me not. Cast me not away from thy presence. Oh Lord, there's healing in your presence, Lord. Take thy Holy Spirit from me. Oh, but [Music] restore unto me. Yes. The joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can you play the can play that song? He was wounded for our transgressions. He was wounded for our [Music] transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. [Music] The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And by his stripes, by his stripes we are healed. Hallelujah. He was wounded for our [Music] transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. Thank you, Lord. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. Oh, and by his stripes, by his stripes we are. Oh my. Let's Let's sing it one more time. He was wounded for my transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement was upon him. [Music] By his stripes, by his stripes we are healed. Amen. Amen. Just want to remind you, Lord willing, next week it'll be communion, footwashing service. Let's just be in prayer for that. Amen. Let's just ask his blessing here as we just prepare to depart. We're more you're more than welcome to stay in worship, but heavenly father, hallelujah. Lord, as we prepare to depart from this place and from the presence of one another, Lord God, may your presence just going with us, Lord. And may you minister continue to minister to our hearts, Lord. I pray that God that just like in every one of these cases Lord that I read from some of them Lord it was things that it changed within hours. Sometimes it was days but Lord no matter the time there was a change that came just like there was on the road to Emmas. fathers, your children. We want to Lord have no restrictions, no restrictions in our lives, Lord. I pray that God, you would just help us, Lord, as we look to you for healing. That's all you ask of us, Lord, is to believe you, to be open, to be honest, Lord. May you just come Lord and just minister healing to our lives Lord. I pray dear God sometimes Lord when tragedy or things has struck it's hard to even think sometimes whether it's relationship or whatever it is and that isn't you don't even want us to think about that of how will that look will it look will this look the same or will this you don't because we can't even go there what we need Lord is healing first and forgiveness Lord it's a releasing of our hearts it's a releasing So Lord, we're asking that God that you would just bring healing. And we know that through healing then will come forgiveness. Whatever that it is, Lord, that we have need of in our lives that you'll restore it. Father, we ask these things, Lord, for your glory. You just go with your children. Granted, Lord, may there be testimonies that would come of how that God that you have swept down by your mercy to bring healing. Grant it, Lord, I pray in Jesus precious name. Amen. God bless you. Go ahead. Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be. Oh, save me, and I will be save. [Music] Give me, oh Lord, and I will be here. For you are the one I praise for. You are the one I praise. Hear me, Lord. Oh, heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. Oh, save me and I will be saved. [Music] Heal me, oh Lord, and I will be healed. For you are the one I praise. You are the one I praise. Where do I go when there's nobody left to turn to? Who do I talk [Music] to when nobody wants to listen? When there's no foundation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. I go to the rock. I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the builders reject. running into the mountain satisfy me and the earth around me is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to [Music] the Where do I hide? Till my storms are all passed over. Who do I run to when the winds of sorrow? Is there new in my times of tribulation? When my soul needs consolation, I go to the rock. Yes, I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the stone that the build rejected. Running to the mountain. The mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand on Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, go to the [Music] cry. Where do I go when there's nobody else to turn to? Who do I talk to? [Music] on when there's no foundation stable. I go to the rocks. I know he's able to go to the rock. Yes, I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the storm that the builders rejected. Right to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When the earth all around me is sinking sand Christid rock I stand. When I need a shelter I need a friend. Go to the rock. Yes, I go to the rock of my salvation. Go to the soul that the builders rejected. Running to the mountains by the earth around Christ the solid rock. I stand when I need a [Music] shelter. When the earth all around me is sinking sand, Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter or I need a friend, I go to the rock. Hallelujah.
