################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - Church Order 12 - Placement of Gifts; Growth & Maturity 1 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   Church Order 12 - Placement of Gifts; Growth & Maturity 1 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vrvFq_l6Fs
========================================

[Music] There's peace and triumph when you speak his name. [Music] Lovely [Applause] [Music] Savior, my sunshine in the [Music] midnight. Our guiding star that's shining all the day. Who is refreshing as an ocean in the dead? Amen. as lovely as a flower in the snow. And who is as watchful as an eagle her young? Oh, praise his name. blood. He's as gentle as the summer breeze that [Music] blows. Oh, precious [Music] Jesus. Yes, the sweet. [Music] There's peace and triumph when you speak his name. Oh [Music] lovely my sunshine in me. My guiding stars and shining all the day. Opening up this who is the one who he understands my blue. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, but he just smiles and hums a happy meloy. Oh, a liberated soul can sing about being bound for long. Well, without looking back, realizing he set free because of preious. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh, sweet of sher. Yes, there's peace and trouble when you speak in me. Oh my lord, [Music] [Applause] saveior my sunshine in me. Oh the guiding star. Hallelujah. He shines. Let's all stand. Sing it one more time. Sing about him now. Oh, how precious, precious [Music] [Applause] Jesus. He is the sweet road of [Applause] sher. There is peace and triumph when you speak his name. He's my lovely sing. [Music] He hallelujah. My guiding star and shining all the day. Yeah. He's my guiding star. Hallelujah. that's shining all the day. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, praise your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Has he been good to you this week, saints? Amen. Has God been good to you this week? Anyone say amen to that? Amen. Amen. How many is happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. We have just a few prayer requests here tonight. We'll just take them before the Lord. Just want to have a nice time of fellowship with him. Amen. and receive God's word tonight. We're looking forward to the word of God our pastor bring later on. And the first prayer request here is uh from from brother Bill. He says, "Please pray for my sister Norma. Uh she's having a lot of pain because of shoulder surgery and they told her she would have pain up to a year because of it." Well, let's pray that that won't be the case. Let's pray that God would take that away from uh Sister Norma and God would have mercy. Sister Steph is saying, "Please continue to pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy that he will come back to the Lord." Amen. We'll continue to pray for that. We'll trust the Lord. Amen. We believe we'll we'll see our desires. Amen. Ask what you will. Amen. Have faith and believe. Trust the Lord. In fact, while we're saying that, does anyone have anything you didn't write down? I'd like to ask you all to pray for me tonight. I had some stomach trouble and things today that's been really bothering me. So, I'm up here by faith right. And I almost asked Paul to do it today, but up here by faith right now. So just pray for me and Amen. Help me sing tonight. So if you have a need on your heart, you didn't write something down, just lift your hand up. Amen. Trust the Lord that he can see the need behind that. Trust him to undertake for every need. We Let's just all pray to him together tonight. Lord, we love you, Lord. It's great to be in your house, Lord Jesus, to see the saints of God. Lord, we get to sing the praises of your name, Lord Jesus. get away from the drows and cares of the week, Lord, from our jobs, Lord, from our normal responsibilities and duties, Lord. We don't come here as a duty, Lord. But we come here, Lord, to have fellowship with you, Lord Jesus, and to meet with one another, to receive of your word, Lord Jesus, that which you've uh laid out for us tonight, Lord. You've given our pastor a word for us, Lord, that I believe will change our lives. That'll give us strength for the trials that we've got facing us, maybe the rest of this week or come something coming up here soon, Lord, the devil would like to try and knock us off the path, Lord Jesus. But I believe you've got everything we need to hold us hold us true tonight, Lord. I just pray, Lord, that you would you would anoint the word as our brother comes. I know he's dedicated himself, Lord Jesus. Just use him as a vessel to speak to us, Lord. Use us as vessels, Lord God. We want to praise you. We want to worship you, Lord. We want to make your spirit welcome here tonight. Father, we just bow ourselves down. Say, "Have your way, Lord. Everything you want tonight, we hold nothing back from you tonight, Lord. Just have your way. Speak to us in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray." Amen. Praise God. God bless you all. You may be seated. Amen. I can stand free. [Music] You can lock me up in a prison and throw away the king. [Music] Oh, take away the vision from his [Music] eyes and see. Oh, deprive me [Music] of and even my my hands and feet. Not as long as I know Jesus that I would still go free. Oh, he said that I Hallelujah could still go free. Thank you, Lord. Oh, tell me what kind of a man would reach down his hand. Thank you, Lord, and do this for me. Yes, he did it for me. Oh, unworthy to live. Yes, not faith to kill. Yes. But the man on the cross, he had my name in. Hallelujah. his will and he said I could but still go free now I never [Music] could understand why the king would leave his throne Oh, think about what he did for us now to dawn the road of an earthly man. He takes the pain of flesh, flesh and bone. Oh, the thankful Lord to lay their tri down the lonely path and you can [Music] glory where those blood [Music] [Applause] sting so that I could still go free. Oh, he said [Music] hallelujah free. [Music] Tell him what another man, oh hallelujah, could reach down his hand and do this for me. So glad he did it for you and me. So unworthy to live and not fail to kill for but the man. [Music] He said that I could still go free. But the man on the cross, he had my name in his will. He said, "I could still go free. [Applause] Go free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Then let's try this one. I think we've done this one before. Amen. Why should we worry? Why should we fear? Very same Jesus. He's always near every time we have trouble. Amen. Even if maybe you're not feeling so great tonight. Amen. He's right there beside us. Amen. He promised he'd never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. I believe he's faithful [Music] tonight. Out on the waterers, storms raging high. The waters around them had trouble that night. Fear filled their hearts. They thought they would die, but they failed to remember. The master was not hallelujah. He spoke the word and the winds all stood still. Even the waters oy his will. And he calmed their stories just like he will mine if I just remember. And he lives inside. So why should I worry? Why should I fear? For this very same Jesus, he stays always near. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. Oh yes, Lord. I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. I read in the Bible how he walked with them. Yes, Lord. Brought light to their darkness when the way grew dear. How great it would be to have his steps leading my sword. And to walk with the master all of the time, when trials come and death is so nice, I'll just search for the master. I know he'll be right on time. When I'm in trouble and my body in pain, all I have to do is call on his name. So why should I worry? Why should I fear? For this very same Jesus, he stays always near. He lives in my heart. Amen. And he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name till the storm passes. Let's sing it one more time. Why should I worry? So why should I worry? Why should I fear? For this very same [Music] Jesus stays always near. Lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. Call on his name till the storm passes [Music] by. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As I look back on this I've traveled, I see so many times he's carried me through. [Music] And if there's one thing I have learned in my life, it's my redeemer is faithful and true. My redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. Hallelujah. Every morning his mercy is on you. My redeemer is faithful and true. My heart rejoices when I read the promise. There is a place I am preparing for you. Hallelujah. I know someday I'll see my Lord face you. Hallelujah. Cause my redeemer. Hallelujah. He's faithful and true. Yeah. My redeemer. He's faithful and true. Everything he said he will do. Every [Music] morning [Music] you redeemer. Yes, he's faithful and true. You want to read that second verse again? I like that. Amen. My heart rejoices when I read his promise. He said, "There is a place I am preparing for you." Oh, what's your faith say? I know someday I'll see my Lord face to face cuz my redeemer is faithful and true. Yes, my redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will every morning his mercy on you. My redeemer is faithful and true. Our redeemer is faithful and true in Jesus name. Hallelujah. We press on. [Music] In Jesus name we press [Music] on. Press on dear [Music] Lord. here before our eyes. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, we find the strength to press on. Oh, in Jesus name we press on. Amen. Praise God. Yes, Lord. Oh, in Jesus name. He press on. Keep pressing on dear Lord with the bride. Oh dear before our rise. Oh yes Lord. Oh, we find the strength to press on. Yes, I've got a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and calls the blind to see. It opens prison doors, sets a captive free. For I've got a river of life flowing out. Sing it again now. I've got a river of life. I've got a river of life flowing out from me. Oh, it makes the flame to walk and cause the blind sea. It opens prison doors, sets the captive free. Yeah, I've got river of life flowing out from me. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well. Hallelujah. And make me whole. Spring up and give to me that light abundantly. Yes, there's a fountain flowing from the Savior's. Hallelujah. All my sins forgiven in the precious time. And Jesus paid the price when for me he died. There's a fountain flowing from the sea. Spring up a well. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. bring up the will and give to me their life abundantly. Thank you, Lord. There's a risen Savior at the Father's throne. Ever ain't interceding for his. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. He's pouring down the blessings that are his alone. And there's a risen savior at the father's throne. One more time. Spring up a well within my soul. Spring up a well and make me whole. Bring up the well and give to me their life [Music] abundantly. Spring of the web and give to me more of your life abundantly. [Music] [Applause] Woo! Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Just so glad for what God's done in our lives. Amen. Praise God. We can never thank him enough, church. Hallelujah. Amen. No matter what we're going through. Amen. Let's sing that. I was thinking that brother mentioned that verse about Hosana when they came into the city on he was preaching that Sunday morning. They came he was singing hosan. Let's just sing that to him. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Clap [Music] now. Oh magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Yes, he is. Oh man, my glory for he is worthy to be. Oh [Music] hosana bless. Oh, blessed bless. Hallelujah. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Where glory glory to hallelujah. Yes, sir. Oh, he lives and reigns forever more. Hallelujah. Yes. Sing glory, glory to his name. For he lives and reigns forever more. Well, hosana. Yes. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salary. Hosana. Yes. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my soul. Yes, Jehovah is his name. Hallelujah. Yes. For he provide. How many needs? All your needs. Amen. His name. Yes. Lord, he provides all my needs. I say hosana now. Oh, blessed be the rock. Yes, blessed be the rock, my salvation. Yeah, [Applause] hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock, my salv. One more time, sing hosana. as blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of salvation. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock my salvation. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] See that? All that thrills my soul is Jesus as our pastor [Music] comes. Hallelujah. How many can you say this tonight? Lord, no matter what's going on, you're the one that cheers my heart. Hallelujah. Who can cheer the heart like Jesus? By his presence all [Music] divine, true and tender, pure and preious. Oh, how blessed to call him mine. Help me now. Oh fills my soul is [Music] Jesus for he is more than life to me. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. And the fairest of 10,000 in my blessing. Lord, I see the love of Christ so freely gave the grace of God beyond decree. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus, mercy higher than the heaven, deeper than the deepest. See all that thrills my soul is Jesus. He is more than life to me. and the fairest of [Music] 10,000 in my blessed Lord I see. Amen. Thank you Lord. What a wonderful redemption. Never can a mortal [Music] know how my symbol [Music] red can be wider than the snow. Yes. All that fills my soul is Jesus. For he is more than life to me. And the fairest of [Music] 10,000 in my blessed Lord I see every need. Every need is hands apply. Every good in him I see all his strength if I relying. He is all in all. Let's go straight to that fifth verse. By the crystal and by the crystal flowing river with the ransom I will sing. Hallelujah. And forever and [Music] forever I'll praise and glorify. Oh, that thrills my soul is Jesus. He is more than life to me. Oh yes Lord Jesus. [Music] Yes Lord Jesus. In my blessed Lord, I [Music] see. Oh, I will praise him. Yes, Lord will praise. Yes, Father. Bless your name. [Music] All sing hallelujah. Give him [Music] glory. Glory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] For his blood has washed away. Sing one more time. I will praise him. Oh father. Yes Lord. We'll praise him. Yes father. Yes. Yes Lord Jesus. We'll praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. [Music] Oh, give him glory on [Music] people. For his blood has washed away. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't want to have you up and down. So, let's just uh if we could, let's just go to him in a word of prayer. And uh I say that because I want to read the text and then I want to kind of talk about some of the events of the day just very briefly and then um move into what the Lord would have for us here this evening. Amen. Let's just let's go to him in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, how we're just so thankful for your mercy and your grace in this hour. Lord, we're thankful, Father, for this glorious evening light. First and foremost, Lord, it's Lord been that which has entered into our lives, Lord. That light, oh God, that has come to quicken our lives. Amen. That revelation of Jesus Christ, that reality, Lord, that union, that relationship, oh God, how glorious it is, Lord. The songs that Lord that Brother Brian was just leading us in right here, all that thrills my soul is Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord, that's that's the theme. You are the theme of our lives, Lord. Oh God, you are the reason, Lord. Even decisions that's been made like when Abraham came to a place to make a decision regarding Lot even though it was according to your word but your prophet told us Lord that decision was made based on the promise he was holding. So Lord we know that we're separation is not an earthly and carnal affair. It's not something that is based on differences among people. It is based on the light and the promise of God's word. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, how we love you, Lord. We we so appreciate you, Lord. Those don't even seem like words that would be fitting enough, Lord, to say thank you, Lord, for your mercy in this hour. Lord, the things that we as we can see taking place and Lord, we know there's a lot of things even behind the scenes, even throughout the years that are taking place. But Lord, I'm so thankful that it's not present events that drives the bride to you, but we are drawn by the word of God. drawn by you revealing yourself in the tenderness and sweetness. Lord, we see the things around us. Oh God, we know that without you, we would be wondering as others. But Father, you have removed. This is a day where wondering has been removed. This is a day, Lord, where ignorance is being removed, Lord, from the church of the living God. This is a day, Lord, of certainty. Amen. You said when we begin to see these things, lift up our heads for our redemption drawth nigh. Hallelujah. Oh God, the only way that reason we can see what we see and see the way we do is because, Lord, of your grace that has come, Lord, and anointed our eyes, Lord. And we're ordained for this moment and for this season, Lord. God, with humility in our hearts, oh God, just add to us, Lord. bring us to the place that we need to be. Lord, oh God, I pray, Father, just continue to move among us, Lord. Lord, let our hearts, Lord, just even with a greater sincerity, grant it, Lord, for we love you. All that thrills our heart is Jesus. Lord, it's not out of fear. It's out of love. We love you because you first loved us. Hallelujah. It's not our love that we're loving you with. It's your love. It's your love, Lord. It's what's been projected into our lives. And now our lives are reflecting that same love, Lord. Oh God. And with that moving in our life, surely the grace of God will produce the achievement that has been called for, Lord God. Hallelujah. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. May you bless, Lord, your children tonight. Come among us, Lord, and just help us to step aside in these few moments, Lord. And may we just glean and help us to, Lord, see and to apply in every area of our life. Lord, we love you and we praise you now in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Amen. Let's go to the word of the Lord here tonight in 1 Corinthians 13. And I want to read just a few um scriptures. And uh as we're coming to that, I want to um I want to certainly wish my wife a happy birthday. Amen. And um I'll just say it in this way. Um I I'm so glad that I have her standing by my side. She has um just been such a great blessing and a great help. And uh I know I you know I know the meaning. You know when I first started ministering I could quote certain quotes but really didn't have an understanding and that is when brother Bram said when God calls the man he calls his his wife. Right. And to me, it's so something. I I have told her this over the years, and I mean it more and more. And I said, "If I had known what I know now, I would have chosen you a lot sooner because it's just it's just it's it's perfect of how God has brought us together. And I can say this, I appreciate because of what God has done and the burden that is shared. And you know, it's not just me at times where I'll look over and sometimes at night she's up and there's burdens that striking her heart and she's up praying and different ones that she'll approach me about and say, "Samuel, I've got I've had this on my heart." Sometimes she don't say anything for a while, but I just, you know, God knows what he's doing. And I know and I I know she's not the only one, but I'm so glad that God called us to serve together. Amen. Amen. And all of us together, I'm looking forward to that day when we can set across from the marriage supper of the lamb, we'll say, "It's been worth it all." Every test, every trial, every bit that we've pressed through, everything we've laid aside, it's been worth it all. So, and I also want to say I so enjoyed the services this weekend. Oh, yeah. I I just I so appreciate what the Lord is doing among us. And um I just really I really appreciated uh brother Jeremy just getting out of the way and just so appreciate and you know I appreciate the uniqueness within ministry if there's ever an hour and a time that and and I don't mean this in a wrong way because sometimes you know sometimes a person's personality can just and they have to battle this I'm just going to be different. We don't need that. But we what we do need we need everyone to be who God has made us. Amen. That's what we need. We need that because God that's why God has made us the way that he's made us. God we all don't approach the word the same way and where we look at it. But the end result is is Christ. And uh we I'm so thankful for God's great variety. Aren't you? I appreciate all that. I know in my landscaping I have things that contrast because I want certain things to stand out. And I think it's so beautiful how God so set things in the ministry. And I'm so I just want to say thank you Lord for what you've done for us this past weekend. Amen. Well, let's read. I told you I wouldn't keep you standing. And once again, I I seem to be failing. In verse eight, I want you to notice Paul says, "Charity never faileth." The love of God cannot fail. But whether there be prophecies, they shall fail. And whether they be tongues, they shall cease. Whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. Verse 11. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child, and I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I want you to notice that word became. That's it's not an event. It's a journey. It's a process. That's good. When I became a man, so becoming is a is a process. I put away childish things. This is one of the key indicators that of becoming a man. Not just because somebody is this stature or let's bring it spiritually. They can quote quotes, quote scriptures. But what's key is they put away childish things. And what's childish things? Speaking like a child, understanding like a child, thinking like a child. This is one of the key evidences of maturity is laying aside childish things. For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I I know even as also I am known. And now abide of faith, hope, charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word as you're being seated. This is what I want to uh speak on here tonight. And I had a few different um couple outlines in front of me here and just really have been praying over the weeks on which way to go with this um because we've come through everything here as far as with covering the nine spiritual gifts and I just um and I know that there's uh no doubt there would be questions and I do intend to do that and I've tried to look ahead probably we're looking at a time in June where we'll have just on Thursday night just the questions and answers but from the local assembly here. So I won't be taking any from written in from elsewhere but from the local assembly and um where we'll just focus in on if there's something within this of of church order something within gifts. Um there's a lot more things that I would like to cover that I think that and I'm just going to I'm just waiting on the Lord to see if he wants me to go in that direction right now. but as far as questions and answers on things and we'll just do it centered around uh this and just see how the Lord will will take us uh because I certainly would want to know uh what's on your heart and if there's something that wasn't uh made clear. But we'll try to look at that here a little bit. I've got a few more parts before we'll do questions and answers. And uh I say that because we've got I've got different ministry coming in here that will kind of push me back into June before I can get to questions and answers as well. And so, but before I get into this thought here, um you're aware of today of what took place and that is where the um they have a new pope that's been elected and um you know, very interesting that this pope became a cardinal in 2023. Not been a cardinal very long at all. And uh certainly uh was not even a name I don't think that was even floated. and you heard things concerned um you know even when they would um interview different things with President Trump and many times many when they looked at it and of course you don't know you know you just commit things and for me I'm one you know this as well I don't I don't deliberate over trying to fit prophecy on things because to me that's a waste of time that's a trap because the because here's the message here's the title of the message modern events happenings are made clear by prophecy. Not prophecy makes clear modern events. That's so good. So let the event happen and when it happens there's prophecy that will interpret it. Yeah. So this is I believe this is because you know the greatest thing it's just like when there was things that you know when the it became and this might be a little bit off but I remember when all everything was going on with the blood moons and everything else too and every denominational preacher is preaching on blood moons and when I look at it you know yeah those things are very incred are we can look at it happenings but the real moon that I'm interested in is right here. Hallelujah. I'm interested in this moon reflecting the image of the sun. Yes, sir. I'm interested in this moon reflecting that image and keeping back the waters, holding the waters in their boundaries and saying, "You can't encroach this far on my life or my family." That's that's what I'm interested in. So, and and you say, "Well, Brother Samuel, maybe that's just you." Well, I look at the I look at the pattern of the prophet. He's the prophet of the age. And brother Brandon wasn't fiddling around like in a lab laboratory trying to put puzzle pieces together. It was God that alerted him to even events that were taking place in that hour. And so this is the rest that was within it all is that I know one thing is that no matter how everything plays out, I know in whom I have believed and I'm persuaded that he is able. All that thrills my heart is Jesus. Yes. And so with that, you know, when we look at it here, I wanted to read a quote because I had referred this quote here. Um whether it was the last time I preached on a Sunday or it was a Thursday, I don't remember. But uh I had referred to it and it's actually out of acts of the Holy Spirit. And brother Bram says,"I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, then they'll form an image like unto the beast." And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. differences will make won't even make any difference. You know, do we believe in this? Do what what will happen is all of the things that's actually been foolishness to focus on will become meaningless. And this is why that in reality we're that's why we're not striving for the unity of faith right now. We're striving for the unity of the spirit. Amen. Amen. You know, so many of you have never been in a place of a ministers meeting. And that's one of the things you you want when you sat down with the ministers or when you know we have had all those pastors together. We're striving for the unity of spirit and you set the direction. We're not here for these certain things and so forth so on. This is what we're here for. And so this is always something and and we all have our own, you know, it doesn't matter if we sat down long enough. There's certain things we'd agree and disagree. But the real thing about it is here's what's important. And I think this just goes uh for anything. We can either choose to focus on our differences or focus on what we have in common. And this is why to me, you know, I don't want a man standing in this pull pit who's firing volleys at somebody else. The devil's already firing volleys at everybody else. And and to me is that, you know, there might be someone, and I've taken this approach with my boys. There's certain things that I can see and I can observe. But you could ask them and say, "Uh, has your dad," and this is not to glorify me. It's just, you could ask them and say, "Has your dad ever said anything negative about any ministry and certain things that are, you know, are taking place or going on?" And I can tell you what they would be able to tell you. They would say, "No." You know why? Because there might be things that is a little off, but that's still a channel God will use. And I don't ever want to tamper with that channel just as much. If someone comes in here and maybe there's something that, you know, I've not ran into it very much, but maybe there may be something a little bit off. Well, we don't discredit everything that was said because it might have been many things that was that was helped. So, we don't want to tear down any vessel. Let's just focus on the truth. That's what Columbus said. Columbus said, you know, he says, I don't believe in focusing on the false. He said, I want to teach the people the truth so that they'll be able to discern the false. Yeah, that's another trap of Satan. I know I'm kind of off right now, but that's another trap of Satan getting us focused on this and differences and you know this is the thing. Brother Bram says if a man in discernment of spirit, if a man is right in his heart cuz some of the things you can see and you know and maybe pushing this or pushing this and and this is where we're at. Listen, I don't believe that people mean to do things in a wrong way. All right? And I'll say this, the prophet said if they're right in their heart and wrong in their doctrine, he said God will straighten it out. That's why I got confidence in it. And so, you know, just as much as I know he straightened me out, so I got confidence in that. And you know, so anyhow, let me get back to this quote because I really want to get into what I want to preach tonight. But I tell you, he said, "The true church of God will be drove together." Now, we know this image has been it's already being formed all along. What what is that image under the beast? It's that those harlot systems. It's where they they have rejected the word of God. They've rejected Christ. And so that's an image that is an image being formed under the beast. But you you know there's a lot of things there's even things that's kind of interesting where there's certain councils that's going to be convened this year in commemoration of the World Council of Churches. There's things that that when you look at it that we have not felt uh the pressures and these things uh as of yet of what that you know that we uh may feel and to whatever degree that it would be and um but we know this one thing when the prophet is speaking this here and I think we can see in the time we're living in I I don't know I just step back and I observe things. I just watch. I I don't even even with my family, I don't say, "Well, this and this and this." And I just don't uh I don't get into a lot of things when a lot of my text threads were blown up today with things and putting things together. But I do think there's some interesting points like uh one brother put in something and I'm just throwing this. This is not anything for a spiritual point. Don't put this on Twitter and say, "Oh my goodness, this is actually this interesting thing is the person took the birth date of this new pope and ran it in a conception calendar and found out that it was two weeks already. This pope that is in there now, two weeks he would have been in the womb when this quote was spoke." Wow. Wow. Just interesting things. Brother Samuel, are you making anything out of it? No. That's right. No. No. No. But I find it to be I find certain things to be very interesting. I also look at words. When brother Bram says that new pope, he didn't say the first pope. Right? So you just you you see what it is. It's like it's like trying to take you know people in a purple dress and fit the prophecy. We don't have to do that. We don't have to do that. Just just you know what? Because let me just tell it like this right here. Even in this quote right here is not going to make somebody get desperate. It's not going to even make somebody bride because the bride, the prophet said, is not driven by national pressures. She's moved by the power of God. That's right. That's right. Cuz it's the word. And and you know, and this right here, I I'm looking at all this and I think, you know, Paul, he he and I had we had we had lunch today cuz we actually a lot of times we we didn't get to connect like that. And so, uh, we had lunch today and I and I just we were talking and just for the first little bit and and we and he said, you know, Dad, I walked into the barber shop today and of course, you know, I didn't go to the barber shop with him, but I haven't been that place for a long time, you know, but but anyhow, we he said, "Dad, I went in there and that was just on the on the TVs at that time and everybody was just kind of quiet and just observing and saying, "Wow, look at this. A a pope out of America." And he said, "Dad," he said, "I I thought as I sat there," he said, "of God giving us understanding to know what's taking place." And I, you know, in this hour and time, thank you just don't even seem good enough. That's right. To say, God, to be able to see what's going on because listen, we would be like everybody else wondering. That's right. We would be wondering at the beast because the John wondered, but there was a voice that came. There was a message. There was a tour guide that he had a prophet that said, "Why are you wondering, John? Let me pull back the mystery behind it. Let me show you." That ended the wondering that broke the spell. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, watch how Brother Brand, when he says this, in the next part of that quote, he says, "The real true believers out of Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, holiness, whatever they be." Now, you know, we know that there's already been a calling out of that and we're not we're not sitting around with those labels on. But sometimes there's different labels that people carry and we believe in the gifts or we don't believe in the gifts and we believe in the moving the spirit. We don't believe in that. We believe in this. We believe in shouting. We don't believe in shout. We believe in this and all these different things. And it and it becomes lines of demarcation. I said, "God, help us to stay free from demarcation because I don't want to be known by an idea." I want to be known by Jesus Christ. All I want to be known is that's a believer. And let me just tell you, everything God's promised, I believe in it. I believe in every word of God. I believe in emotion. I believe in feeling. Everything right because you're not going to take that away. whatever they be will go together and cemented by the love of God that will make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ all the believers. So notice what will draw together is the love of God. So you see when the pressure and things coming this is where differences get laid aside. This is why when you take tragedy, trial and other things, you know, sometimes you might have had an argument at your house and all of a sudden something happens and here you are standing in the emergency room with your little boy. You know what that argument means? Nothing. You know what means everything? What the what is the doctor saying about our boy? What's the doctor saying about a girl? And that's the same thing. God knows how to allow situations to come about to where things that really are meaningless become meaningless. Yeah, that's right. And so he's working. God's working everything out. Daniel said he raises and puts up in power and pulls down. God's got it all in control. God, Listen, it God's got everything in control. You know, you can look at and say, "Man, uh, this president was sping was speeding it up. This one's slowing it down." That's what you think. That's right. You don't know. But I You do know this that everything is ticking right on course. Nothing's being delayed. There's nothing out of hand. Everything is working right on course. That's right. Now, you know, and you think about this here, one of the brothers that sent this and I really enjoyed it. Talked about this this man right here and um that that has been, you know, elected and you know, they pointed out never in the history of the Roman Catholic Church has there been an American pope. Then you have uh President Trump. Now, you know, you know, I don't have Twitter, so this somebody had to send me this. Uh, I think that's what it came from. Congratulations and brother and not brother Trump, but [Applause] but dear Lord have mercy. [Laughter] Well, we're here for it tonight, aren't we? Woo. Who was just named Pope? See, it was worth it to come to church tonight, wasn't it? You're you're all of that heaviness just went poof. Uh said it's such an honor to realize that he's the first American pope. What an excitement and what a great honor for our country. I look forward to meeting Pope Leo. Whatever. It will be very a very meaningful moment. Oh wow. And um even you know the man's name and a lot of different things is really kind of interesting. But once again, brother Samuel, what are you trying to make out of it? Nothing. I'm just just looking at a few things and I think it's interesting that the that the prophet of God said this and and you know, God sent a prophet in this hour. And to me, those are little significations in there whether this is that pope that that was being spoke of or not. You know what? I know that God knows what we have need of right now. The main thing is I want to be ready for that moment. I said, Lord, just just mold me, shape me, make me, prepare me because the Bible said that the marriage of the lamb has come and his wife hath made herself ready. I want to take the garments of the word. I want to be made ready. Amen. Amen. So, uh, maybe I'll touch on it a little bit more, but I want to just come into this place here on with with gifts and and the placement of gifts and growth and maturity. Um because one of the things that we're been looking at here with within gifts and I kind of started this out in a place where you know brother Brandham was talking about coming to a place to where that the gifts would be you know wanting to see them uh put into such a place you know having a room and having a separate meeting for them and I wanted to want to go through this but I want to show you in light of growth and maturity but I don't want it to be limited to just gifts because that's really not even in my heart of what I'm just looking at. It applies to every part of our life. And so when brother Brandham when he he's he's speaking to the church and he says I let the church now this is in church order. This is 63 at the end. He said it as it's coming in order come to this order. And he he goes into this quote and he's talking about how the simple order and it you don't have to read it. I let me just give you the footnotes on it. The simple order where it's coming to order is to realize you don't interrupt who's doing the speaking. If somebody's singing, you don't interrupt it. If somebody's if a preacher is preaching, you don't interrupt it. Well, this is important. The Bible said that the spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophets. So that's these are basic things that the prophet was really trying to get across to the people according to the scripture is that we just don't go according to feelings or impressions. Right? And so these are things that he's really working with to get into that place of order. And he's he's been watching it. Now he goes on to says now we was a child and Paul said I acted like a child. He told the Corinthians there I spoke like a child. He had a child mind but when I became an adult I put away childish things. And so I want to say it like this. Maturity is a process. It's a journey not an event. That's good. The Lord Jesus here he came. He comes down. The spirit of God sought him out. the tabernacle, the dwelling place. All along the body, God prepared himself his own body. And here led him down to the river Jordan. And there as he walked in obedience to the word, remember John said, "I have need to be baptized of you." And Jesus said, "Suffer it to be so, for it behooveth us, becometh us to fulfill all righteousness." As the sacrifice, he had to be washed. Yeah. as a incoming priest, he had to be washed. Right? And so here as he comes up out of the water, the heavens are open. The do the dove is descending. The Holy Spirit in the form of a dove is descending out from heaven and said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased to dwell." Not a different person, but God coming to the tabernacle that he had made for himself and laid claim on it. Amen. Amen. And so what was happening? The revelation of God was setting down in his heart in that moment. That's why the Holy Spirit, the quickening power of God, it comes to reveal Jesus Christ not only to you and I, but once that that seed has been quickened, that part that God has prepared, now that revelation has that place of a pedestal, it's setting, it's residing, and our life is a reflection of Jesus Christ. It's a reflection of what he has done at Calvary when he rose on that Easter morning. I am the reason. It's reflected. So, it's not just something I'm believing on, but it's something reflected in my life. And that's why Paul said, "No man can call Jesus the Christ but by the Holy Ghost." Right. See in your life when that strikes then there becomes the testimony that that Jesus indeed is the Christ. Then we find from the river Jordan he he walks through that journey until coming to the end at Mount Transfiguration. Then you have the adoption ceremony. So adoption is not an event. It's a process that's culminated in a ceremony. That's the same way in our life from the new birth to adoption. It's a journey. I wish I had more time on this. I'm going to deal with a little bit here, but it's a it's a journey. And this is why that throughout our lives, we learn and we grow from the new birth to that of adoption. Even things we come to a greater realization of certain things that we've overlooked and now see the value in it. Like even seeing the value in being in the house of God. Absolutely. It's something that that has to come to where it's just not you know where it's more than just well I can or can't. It begins to see the value. See as a person begin and and and God allows it to go until they can see the value of wait a minute here. It doesn't matter what else I've got going on in my life if I don't put God first. Yes. Amen. And everything else in my life, it's not going to be in the correct order. And it's really not going to be there. There's not the the peace and the enjoyment that God even intended for me to get out of it. Now, you might say something in the natural such as maybe hanging kitchen cabinets that that would be something that I'm enjoy. Look, there ain't a sister in here that don't enjoy kitchen cabinets right now. We enjoy them when there's food in them. I'm not talking about the dishes when we enjoy the food ones. But you enjoy them. But you see, when it's something where you know in your life, when you can rest, where God has is first in your life in everything, then there's things of the natural life. You can really you can enjoy it according to the measure that God has given. And what is that? That's through the process of learning. That's right. Oh my. Because adoption is the crowning achievement of what the new birth has started in our life. My I wish I could just but you'll see we I just want to bring it down and apply it through all of this here. So it comes through this this journey and this process. God does not release us into autopilot or you know but it's through guidance. It's through correction. It's through admonition that's given and received. And when it's given and received, it does not become a framework of destruction, but it becomes a framework for real growth. There's a target, there's a goal, and the target never moves. The target is the rapture. The target is maturity. That never moves. All right? Those of you that know as a hunter, you sight something in and let's say you may take the shot, you look from where you're standing, you have a mark and you have that target. Uh when you go and look at the target, you don't move the target and then come back and start trying to adjust windage and everything else. That's that's that that's confusion. God never has moved the target. Hallelujah. Amen. Good. Man moves can move the target. God doesn't. Hallelujah. And that's why brother Brandon when he spoke even to and this adoption series he says now to you legalist brethren he said don't keep your church tore up. Just simply tell them if they don't have the love of God or they love the things of the world they've not arrived yet. What's he bringing it back to? The love of God. Because then it becomes criteria this criteria this. It's very simple. The new birth is very simple. It's the love of God in you working itself out. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Otherwise, the target's getting moved. This one says this. This one says this. This one says I got to do this. This one says I got to do this. And it's like that man who came to brother Brandham and said they said I need a prophet. Brother Brandham said you don't need a prophet, brother. You just went straightened out in the beginning. Aren't you thankful for the word of God? This is why we want to let this mind be in us. See, it's something we can measure progress by. We can look at our life and uh you know, and how God will will lead and speak to us. And so, you know, brother Brandham, he says it like this. And he says when referring to the gifts and he's talking to Brandham Tabernacle. Now, I'm just going to be honest with you here. What brother Brandham I just took it off. I want you read ahead of me. Brother Brandham, yeah. When brother Brandham is talking about the gifts here, you don't find like the other six gifts I just got done. We we preached about the time the whole bulk of time that brother is dealing with gifts. It's actually dealing with three prophecy, tongues, interpretations. Now you understand knowledge is also prophecy because it's beyond that of human thinking. Right. Wisdom is also some that wisdom that comes from God for that situation. Right. Discernment is needed because that's judging that prophecy that's come forth. The Bible said, "Don't let it be received unless it's judged by three and two of them have to agree together." Right? So the majority of this and and that's just how it was with the Corinthian church. And this is why we said before many times when people say, "We don't see the gifts in the church." Hold on. I know what you're talking about. You're talking about tongues, interpretation, and prophecy. Because the other six gifts can take right place, right, while the word's being preached. It can take place through a card that's sent. It can take place through a phone call. It can take place right out in the lobby. It can take place right through a text. It can take place right through somebody going and praying for somebody else. and you would never know anything about it. That's good preacher. They're the other gifts, right? But they're the higher ones. Wisdom being the greatest and tongues being the least. Isn't it amazing? We always sell ourselves short and we go to chasing after that which is the least. Now, it's in the economy of God. So, you're not we're not doing away with it. We're not diminishing it. But let's strive like Paul said for the best gifts. Amen. Hallelujah. Cuz we don't have nothing to prove to nobody. That's right. God's the one proving his word through our lives. I mean, all we can look at is I know what I was before this token was applied. And I know what I am now. And I know where I'm going. I I I know I know that he's in control. I know he changed my life. And this word is my ultimate And that's all there is to it. He knows about me. My members were written in his book before they were ever formed. Psalms 139. He knows my name. If he knows the name of every star and all the stars look alike, but he knows everyone by name, how much more me and you. [Applause] Yes, sir. Absolutely. Hallelujah. Yes. This is why brother Brandon when he says this in church order, he's talking about we don't want no make believe. Right. No man, no. No honest person wants to be a make believe. If we can't have the real, let's not have any all. Let's wait till we do get the real. Now, let me can let me just put this in perspective. Brother Brandham is not saying here, we don't know. You know, everything's got to be perfect. He's talking about the progression of order. The first order is if there's no interpreter, let them hold their peace. Uh-huh. And then if it's interpreted, that's prophecy. And before it's received, let two or three, let three judge it. That's the order, beginning order. So there's always a start, a beginning to anything, right? I mean, no, no major league baseball player just all of a sudden walks on the field. No doubt. They went through pee-wee league, te-ball, uh, little league, and, uh, you know, and had, you know, they were mama's favorite, and they were daddy's favorite, and nobody else on the team was like them, you know, all these other things. And, and they went through all that. No doubt. They went and ran their ran their parents crazy, driving them to play ball here, play ball there, play ball there, play ball, and they they did all of that. But you know what? All of that is also what led to where they're at now. Right. That's right. So, you just don't start right out. That's the same thing with gifts. Now, not just within gifts. That's the same thing in fatherhood. That's the same thing in a husband. That's the same thing for a wife. Same thing for a mother, pastor, deacon, on and on, song leader, every one of us. It doesn't start out in its perfection, but we learn as we grow. That's the truth. So good. Amen. So, this is this is it's having the real and then growing with it, right? maturing. And you know what? Nobody, if I find you outside standing over your landscape in bed going, "Hurry up. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on." I mean, I'm can't wait for my hydrangeas to blossom either. But you're not going to find me out there, you know. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. No. It's going to be released in its time. That's right. All I got to do is take the holy tone out of the bag, move away a little bit of mulch, drop it in there, move it back. It's getting ready to rain. Let it it it'll it'll it'll it'll move into the ground. I'm giving it what it needs and it will bring forth in the time and the season. Right. Is that right? That's so good. So, this is the same thing if I can put it in our vernacular. God don't want us sweating over these things like this. You know what he wants us doing is just saying, "Lord, I I just praying over that about the gifts, praying what what God would have for me to do and just letting God bring things along in his own way." Amen. Hallelujah. And he'll always bring it according to the word. So now I want you I love this statement. I I've got to read this out of works as faith expressed. I know it's simple, but I want to read it. Brother Brmond is talking in the beginning of this message. Jesus said, now he's talking to brother her hoser and he says, you know, we've been in this a long time, divine healing and preaching. We've seen the pros and cons and everything, praying for the sick around the world, seeing the disappointments of people, seeing the hallelujah from every side. Then all this we learn by. So what do you learn by? You learn by the disappointments, why the hallelujah. You start learning. Brother Bramman says it like this. He says, "Now it's like boys when you started, we were started preaching this, brother Herhoer. I hope I got it right. Like you started to swim. The first thing you know, it used to be I'd get out and brother Jack and brother Brown would have to walk me on the street night after night to try to get me get myself around to myself. I'd stand there like a little kid splashing the water seeing visions, you know. And brother Bram goes on to talk in a few paragraphs of how he says he was so out of it the one time many times and he said I I was just I want to go home. I want to go home. And they were trying to snap him out of it. You you can't go home. And even the next morning he was still so out of it. You you can't go home. You got another meeting. And brother Brand's talking about through this where he was at. He said, "I was like a little kid learning how to swim. And he says, you know, with this, it's like you're learning to swim, you know, and you splash the water, go across the pool, and I made her. Now, after you learn to swim, oh, this is different. More graceful is the stroke. And it don't wear you out so much. And everyone of us remember when people were teaching us how to swim, man, they were just like swans. It like they're skating on the water. Here we were grabbing a hold of the side of the pool, you know, or something like that. And you're struggling. You know why? Cuz you're learning. You're not where they are, but they're there to encourage you that one day you'll be where they are. That's right. And if they go by the way of the grave, you'll advance beyond that. That was a little spiritual there. But after you learn to swim, more graceful is the stroke. and it don't wear you out so much. Now, the prophet's talking about in his own ministry, he learned this. You learn how to do it and cut every corner and make it better. And that's more of an ease. Amen. So, you mean with brother Brandham learning how to control, learning, he was not diminishing the work of the Holy Spirit? Hallelujah. He wasn't taking away. Not at all. As a matter of fact, God wanted him to learn and to mature. You know why? So that God might be even more effective through his life. Now notice I I love I love these things, you know. He says you learn how to do it. You cut every corner, make it better. And that's more of a ease. In other words, when praying for people, it's not it's not the how loud or you know, I remember like brother Steven Abali and brother Timothy and Shawn, we were talking one time. He said they pray as if they're the ones that are giving people the Holy Ghost. But you know what that was? Brother Timothy and brother Steven, you know, and and every one of us are different, friends. Look, I'm not saying that everybody you have to stand like this and do like that. That that's where we get that's where things get wrong. You you God made us who we are. It's just like brother Juwel. You brother Juwel he would stomp when he would preach. I thought he was going to break 2x4s underneath here. But that brother Juwel everywhere he went. But not everybody had to stomp. But if you go up to brother Juel and say you don't got to stomp, right? One brother was telling me that Brother Juwel preaching in in their in their in in their church and they had a basement underneath the Sunday school room. He stomped one time and it the fluorescent light came off. The next time the pastor, it happened. It happened the second time. He said, "You do it again. I'm taking it out of your [Laughter] offering." But you understand what I'm saying? Uniqueness. Sometimes what we're trying to change has nothing to do with the spiritual part whatsoever. That's true. It just has to do with we want somebody to be like us. Oh wow. That's so good. God wants you to be who he's made you to be. Amen. You worship in a certain way. Listen, you worship God. You wor you be at liberty and worship God in the way that he has made you and don't make anybody feel make you feel bad for how you worship or don't make anybody make you feel bad because you're not doing what somebody else is doing. We don't want to operate under the influence of personalities. That's true. We want the person of Christ to be glorified. Now, my goodness, I I tell you, I don't think we're going to get anywhere tonight. Notice he says, "A little boy that never walked would try to walk down this aisle here. He'd fall down a dozen times and be wore out before he got there. But anyone who knows how to walk, an athlete would walk right down that aisle, never even notice doing it." Well, he had to start with, and that's what he is now. See, it's like in your life. I mean, we were like the little just starting out walking, right? We were like that. Took us forever in a day to get down to, you know, you're like, "Ha, I know when they first start walking and then the grandparents, you got all the time in the world. You know, it don't matter. They got all the time. They they they could take an hour to walk down here. Oh, isn't that so sweet? Look at them going this way. They got all the time in the world. You know, it must be a stipen in the 401k or something. But at any rate, at any rate, the thing of it is is we all started in that way, but it's what has become in our life. That's the same way when God has entrusted us with gifts. Amen. Whether it's song leader, deacon, trustee, whether it's singing specials, whether minister, whatever, whatever, every one of us are gifted in a certain way. You might be gifted to testify. God's entrusted you with that gift, but everything we want to do is stay humble and learn with it. Amen. Brother Bram says that's the same way with preaching divine healing or anything else. As you go along, you begin to learn. And if you don't learn, there's something wrong. Right? It's like if you're repeating second grade all the time, something's wrong. Either you're a daydreamer or there's something going on, right? So, it ought to be a learning. Now, every one of us, not every one of us learn the same the same the same pace. Right. Right. A lot of things sometimes we got to come through. You can just look in the epistles of Paul, you can find that. Ephesians, Romans, Corinthians, and sometimes the very things that that were affecting their lives. What we don't know and what's written in there is where they come from. Makeup. I'm not talking about makeup on the face. I'm talking about their makeup, their temperament, complexes, everything else. Cuz everything, let me just tell you something. We don't get to choose what we get in the grab bag of life. Are you with me? It's like, it's like brown paper bags that's been handed out. Here's your lunch. You're like, "Boy, I hope I got the Doritos. I hope I didn't get no apple. I hope I got an orange." Y'all remember why that was in school, right? I hope I got chocolate milk. I want white milk. You know, you know how it is. We didn't get to choose when we got in the grab bag of life. But God is achieving his purpose and his will through all the flaws that he knew would be in our life. Don't try to get rid of the flaw. He knew it would be there. And the flaw is what makes you a masterpiece because it's the flaw that gives him the opportunity to pour himself in and use himself through your life. He takes the weaknesses that are surrendered to him and he receives glory. Oh, it makes you look at flaws totally different, don't it? Makes you look at a lot differently. Now, let me just, you know, looking at this example here, and I I'm just I'm not going to be able to go on much longer, I know, because of time, but let's just look at this just for a moment. Let me I'll try to find a spot than where we can step off of here uh tonight. But look at God's example. I want you to watch how God takes the Corinthian church opening chapter. These are the first words that Paul utters to them. Now these are not people who are new to Paul. When you read cor first Corinthians chapter 1, it's not because these are brand new people. Paul, this church itself, Paul knows this church. Paul has been there. Now watch what he says. very first words called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God and Sineses our brother unto the church of God which is at Corenth compliment to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus compliment called to be saints compliment now I know somebody's got to be sitting on the edge when is he going to burn their hide I mean that's for some people that's church I don't If now look don't don't look down on them. Sometimes there people there's some people come to church that to them it ain't church unless hide's being burnt. Come on. Sometimes that's their makeup. Some that you know what they've got to recognize? They got to come to the realization of the grace of God. Sometime they got to have a trip back to recognize just how gracious God was to their lives. Come on friends. It's just like just like brother Jeremy is preaching. It's easy to stand right here and say, "How could they have chose Barabus? How could they have chose this?" Easy to stand here and say that on this side. Yes. But let us not forget God's grace and where he found us. And you know what that grace will eventually do? It'll take us to a place to realize that even in that place in our makeup, we maybe we're more strongly geared a certain way, but God's grace will override that. It'll bring it right back in line because there's a place for it. I said there's a place for it. Is that right? Now notice. And with all that are in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours. Grace be unto you and Come on, Paul. When are you going to burn them? Grace be unto you and peace from God our father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. I remember they they are in a place. Can you imagine how it is right now? Don't read on the next verse without me. Can you imagine how it is right now? They are just like the the toes start going out of their shoes, you know, and and pretty soon, you know, they're they're sitting back in the lazy boy and they didn't have them for church views, but they're sitting back and they're getting ready to clap. Man, this this is going to be good. This is what's happening. God's opening them up, right? God knows how to open us up. Because remember, the word has to be received brought in. Amen. And when the word is brought in, not our thoughts, but the word has life in it. And God knows how to open us up cuz this is truth. Paul is not putting on or preaching fluff. It's not just like, no, he's telling the truth, but their present conduct is not matching the high calling. But we're going to get there. Hallelujah. We're going to get there. And in the meantime of us getting there, we're not going to uncristianize you. I thank my God always on your behalf. Really, this church you've got so much reports from, if they would have had Twitter in that day, Paul's account would have been blown up drunk in the house of God at the table of the Lord. Can you believe that? Come on. 1 Corinthians 11. Right. Nothing wrong with what they act as far as keeping communion, but they didn't have the right discernment on how to do it, man. He would I mean, he would have been getting blown up. And can you imagine all these post and everything else would have been going on in that day. Well, no doubt there were rumors and everything else going. Can you imagine the things that was being said against the church of Corinth? This prophet of the hour, look at his church. Look how out of order it is. Come on. This is Paul's church. Look how out of order it is. I mean, look at what they're doing around his grave marker. You You know what I'm saying? You know what I mean? Look at all of this and look at all of this and on and on. No, we don't judge it by everything that we see out there. You judge it by the word. Amen. Does it stay with the word? You don't even judge a man's life by signs and wonders. You judge it on whether he stays with the word. That's what Jesus said in Matthew 24. By their fruits, teachings you shall know them because there'll be many that'll stand on that day and say, "Did we not prophesy? Preach in thy name. Do we not cast out devils? Do we not do all these things?" And he'll say, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity. I never knew you. I never had relationship with you. You used your gift. You used your popularity for for for your own use and for the advantage, but you never used it for the advantage and the furtherance of the kingdom of God. If so, you would have submitted it to the word because it's the word that's marching on to glory. I thank my God always on your behalf for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ. Woo! Amen. Glory. that in everything ye are enriched by him. In all utterance and in all knowledge there's no lacking. Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you. What greater commenation could we have than that? Amen. So that you come behind in no gift, waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, who also who shall also confirm you unto the end, that you may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ. God is faithful by whom you were called unto the fellowship of his son Jesus Christ, our Lord. That's so good. When you get home, you can go on and read verse 10 and so forth. But Paul took nine verses to remind them this is who you are. Hallelujah. That's so good. Isn't it incredible how God will deal with our lives? He will take a bulk of a service to remind you of who you are. That is true. You know why? Cuz that's where your confidence got to be in. Not in your failures, not in your mistakes, not in where the devil has run you down. Your confidence has got to be in who the word says you are. Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall never fail. Is that right? There are three that are one in heaven. The father, the word, and the holy ghost. So when the holy spirit is come, that and the word are no different. That when he, the spirit of truth is come, he will lead and guide you into all truth. That's so good. So the holy spirit and the word are not two separate people. It is one and the same. It's God changing his form. Myise. So then God, you know, then Paul had to kind of work with them. But he wouldn't. The thing of it is it's like brother Bam tells with deacons and he says with other things, don't don't don't don't don't don't ever decianize the people. Even with things that you know, I say just within ministry, you don't strip away things of what God has done. Correction doesn't merit that. It's just like when for our son for our sons and daughters, you don't strip away that they're your children. You don't go back and say, "I got the wrong one at the hospital. I know it. I knew it." Or you look over at the spouse and say, "Boy, a lot of your jeans got [Applause] through." Some of you laughing because you know you said that. But here's the thing. Let me just can I let me just bring this to just to this point. I'm just need a few more scriptures to drop and then I'm just going to stop here and we'll just go take a break for a half hour and come back. That old new pope thing didn't let me get where I wanted to get to. Now, I knew I was going to have a hard time with this one. And anyhow, this I I I love the subject on maturity and growth and adoption and things. It really it stabilizes the people because when you realize this is you don't start out in perfection, you grow. You have a perfect life by a perfect birth and you grow into his into perfection of Jesus Christ. Is that right? Look back. Look back on your life right now. You can even look back on your life. You don't even think the same way about things now that you did a year ago. That's right. Think about when God first got a hold of your life and when this message came across your pathway. You don't even think the same way that you used to think. That's so true. Even sometimes decisions that would be made, whether it's about coming to the house of God or even with prayer and just sometimes the simplest of things and you realize now things change. Now that ain't everybody. That ain't everybody. But you know what? Every one of us got areas we got to grow in cuz some for some of the other people it's actually looking to realize that you're not a goody two shoes. And if God wanted you with a big long nose to look down on everybody else, he'd have gave you a big long nose. How do we get man alive? Oh my. Don't you love the Lord? Maybe I'm I'm going to test your love. I'm going to be back there to shake your hand after church. But I love you in the Lord. I love this cuz this this message brings this to light on that maturity into adoption. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Wow. You ready for this next part? You sure? Brother Bram, here's what he said about the Corinthian church, brother. Now, Brother Bram had to Paul had to lay it in for the Ephesian church there. Evidently, you you just don't you don't you don't have order without it being taught. Right. Your kids, you had to teach them. And sometimes it it Well, it Yes, it just took repeated times and we'll move on. But anyhow, you you you realize everything had to be laid in order with Ephesians, the Romans, the Thessalonians, the Philippians, every bit. But you don't read in those books on the order where Paul's actually dealing with the Corinthians because he's had to come back and correct what's going on. So correction is needed for further growth. Amen. That's true. Amen. That's good. Yes, sir. Correction is God's love on display to our lives. Lord and correction is not a beatdown. Correction is this is what's wrong. This is but this is where you need to be. And what you're looking at is this over here. And not so much you're wrong. You acknowledge you're wrong. You repent of it. But you're looking at the image of what you're called to be, how we're supposed to and the order and how things are to operate. And if we ignore it, that don't change my sunship, right? That don't mean you're a daughter of God. It just means you're going to get corrected. Cuz you know why? We belong to him. God said, "I ain't going to have no youngans that's brats." There's not one of them is going to be spoiled, throw themselves a fit in the floor. Well, I can't do it this way. No. God said, "No, no, no. No, none of my young ones are going to be brats. Cuz if they're brats here, they'll be brats over there. The rapture don't change your your character. The rapture is about character. Whether it become an achievement here and the rapture is all the culminating, the crowning of that work that began in our life. Hallelujah. Right? Because the rapture is in you now. Amen. You've already been caught away from the things of the world, and it keeps on catching away and catching away and catching away. [Applause] I was going to finish this little part here, but here's what it was with the Corinthians. Look how Brother Bram, he makes this simple statement. He said, "But he did have to speak to the Corinthians continually about it because they made it an issue all the time." You know why they made it an issue? Because they wanted to ride shotgun. They wanted to be next to the window. I ain't sitting in the middle. Some of y'all know where I'm going. You know where things, man. We When we were younger, man, that mattered. Shotgun or it matter. I got window seat. Or you know, you get older, you get a little bit cooler. I get the very back. all the things, you know, that all of a sudden in the back of the bus and you finally realize if I'm on the back of the airplane, back of the bus, I'm the last one out. And then you finally realize the bus and the airplane car, guess what? All going the same spot. I'm wasting energy yelling shotgun and everything else. But just in case we're going somewhere, I got shotgun. Oh my. Because it made that and made an issue all the time. You know, this is the thing we want to do. We don't want to be on God's list where it's like, "Oh, we're on his list of handle of a kid gloves. Don't touch him. It's touchy. Don't do this." And and don't we don't want to be on that list. We want to be like when Brother Bram spoke to Sister Bruce and he's praying for her. He said, "God, don't take her. She's such a value and an asset to this church." That's the kind of lives we want to be. I want to be a value and an asset to the kingdom of God. Now, that don't mean that I everything I do or you do is perfect because we get a lot of corrections, right? I probably didn't get half the spankings I needed. I thought I did then. Okay. This is where Paul says this. I I am I'm coming down. Paul said, "You fathers, provoke not your children to wrath." In other words, don't don't take the spirit out of them. When they've done wrong, there's correction that's needed. Don't don't bring them to a place to where they have no life. There's nothing they can get back. In other words, the gospel is being ministered. The gospel is being preached. Don't take it to don't don't take Calvary out of view. Calvary is what should be in view. That's what real correction is. The word correction in the scriptures means restoration. You see, when the Holy Spirit is bringing that on on Saturday night through brother Jeremy and how he he brought that how the Holy Spirit brought that in such a way, it was not so much, if I can say it like this, like a black and white issue. It was a situation showing that the peace, the dove of the Holy Spirit that if when that's come into your life, there can be circumstances to where he'll fly out on a limb. But if you just get him back into the throne room, Yeah. he knows how to put everything else back into order. He and and then we as a son of God come into authority as we're under his leading. Amen. So you see this is why that Calvary is what should always be in view. Never take the this is what the scripture said. Don't do it to wrath to where they're exasperated. There's no life. There's no there's no get up. There's no nothing. But but there's you recognize what correction is. It's just this correction in this moment, this mistake, this failure, and this where you're at. That's not your destiny. This is your destiny. This is to make sure you stay on the path to this destiny. Aren't you glad God does that? Oh, blessed be his name. We're we're we're not in an autonomous vehicle. The Holy Spirit is our guide. He's guide and direct us all the way. This is why Paul said, "Don't, you know, don't don't exasperate him to resentment, but rear him tenderly in the training and discipline and the counsel and the admonition of the Lord." Brother Brham says he knows talking of the Lord Jesus. He knows how to encourage us in the right matters and discourage us in the wrong matters. He said we could all learn a good lesson right here in running the church and our families. And better still, we could all learn a lesson in that God deals with each of us in exactly this way. And what Brother Bram is dealing with is out of Revelations chapter 2. He said, "God knows there's weakness. He knows there's wrong among the church, but he's not crying out against it at first. He's admonishing them. I know your patience. I know your love. I know your faith. I know your this. He knows it's there. See that? Let see how this comes down into such a place of everyday life. I mean, how does that work when you go and start picking apart the biscuits? You don't pick apart the biscuits. Say, you know what? They're nice. These are nice crispy things. No, don't say that. You'll get hit with a pan. But you understand what I'm saying? You don't you don't go start picking apart the negative things, right? You see, sometimes, listen friends, sometimes these are simple things that we think, oh, it's just spiritually osmosis. Sometimes that's sometimes for for in our lives, we're so interested in getting to the point that we forget to make the pathway before us. The Bible said, "Prepare ye the way of the Lord." How do we prepare the way of the Lord? through divine love. How do we prepare the by our hearts being reconciled to his character? Not I'm going to straighten this out. And and many times what it is, it isn't necessarily what's been said that's been wrong is we haven't prepared the way of the Lord. That's what David did with Nathan, right? If David would have walked in there and said, "Nathan, what in the world have you done?" It wouldn't have worked. But what did he do? He opened him up. His reasoning came to that place. It opened him up to where he could eventually speak and say, "You're the man." And David could recognize it. Aren't you glad God does that? Now, you know what? As much as you would try to, "Oh, I'm going to really I'm going to really discern this out. I'm not going to get on the edge of my seat. I'm not going to get opened up like that." How can you not be in love with the Lord? That's good preacher. Yes, sir. How can you see? That's what the ministering of the word. It's the love of God that's coming. That's how even correction comes. Correction is all about love. How many things has God tolerated in our life? Sometimes even he said it over and over. He sent reminders even he might even send reminders through others you'll stream and other things like that and we'll just ignore it, put it off. Sometimes don't even catching it. Sometimes it isn't about we don't want to do it. Sometimes we're just not even catching it, but then all of a sudden we catch it. Let's stand. Let's stand. Paul said it like this. Said, "I'll come to you shortly." And Timothy and I'll tarry with you. How long, Paul? An hour, two hours, couple days. No, I'll tarry I'll tarry along if I have to tar long. In other words, I'm going to stay with you until thou knowest that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth. See, this is why even as God deals with our life right through his word, he he the Bible said that the goodness of the Lord leads us to repentance. And it's even how God has drawn us to himself. You know, you weren't drawn to God because somebody counted down an altar call, right? All right. I'm going to start at 10. I've been there. I've been there. I've said under but that see because why? If you if there if you're scared into it, it that ain't love. It won't hold. What it is is to see him what he did for you. And this is why that even even when the ministry of the word when God deals with things sometimes and maybe our attitudes or he'll deal with dress. He'll deal with clothing. It's so much deeper than that. It's so much deeper. It's a character. It's a characteristic that God is dealing with. And we can see in his word and that's where something rises in our hearts like it did. Even when the Lord touched our lives like it did those on the day of Pentecost, they said, "What must we do to be saved?" And then Peter gave out the prescription, repent, be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. See, they needed instruction. They need an instruction. Sometimes this is why here we are sitting in a service and I understand the revealing of the word has come. But I wonder if God wouldn't test us sometimes if something was brought. And I don't want to say it's elementary, but if God would bring something so simple, I wonder if it's also not only to minister and to help somebody else, but I wonder if it's also to test us to see, ah, we're beyond this. Well, not everybody may be. And sometimes testing our maturity and part of our growth is to see are we willing to sit there and glean. We might that might have been something God's already done in our life and we're able to worship. We're able to be part of creating an atmosphere that the Holy Spirit can drive back anything that's holding a person because when a person hasn't fully surrendered to God, it isn't many times because they don't want to. There's a spirit that's holding them back. It's not that the person's bad. It's a spirit that's holding them back. But this is what the preaching of the gospel is for. is to cast that spirit away so that they can come to that place that is already in their heart they're longing for. And so I and part of maturity is creating the atmosphere. You know, it gets to a spot to where you can go to a birthday party and you're not upset that you're not getting gifts. That's good. You know what I mean? We've all been around. We've all had we've all had nephews, nieces, cousins, and everything else. You know, man, they they had to. And then you finally get to a spot and you can realize you can enjoy somebody else's birthday, right? You can you can sing for them instead of pouting. But you know what? You know what did that? Maybe a few hide tannins and things like that. But but but what happened is you learn from it and then you finally mature and you're like, "Hey, you know what? I'm gonna get cake anyhow. Let's just have a good old time." Hallelujah. Gifts. I don't I don't need any gifts. I mean, after all, I mean, I work at Chick-fil-A now. I mean I can you wonder now some of you looking at me like oh man brother Sam you're having the people laughing a lot tonight I know where I'm at believe me I can give you the quote out of the fourth seal at the end of the seal where the prophet says watch he said you'll notice he said there's certain things I've said he said to get you laugh he said I turn right back around and drop something I'm not doing anything on purpose but you know what I am enjoying my salvation his presence is here it's this that's just how God has made me. It's how God But you know what? The word of God is still going forth right now to realize there's certain things that now that you realize. Why did I make that such a priority? That's so good. But you know, one thing that is the most thing that we want that should be the ultimate priority is pleasing him. Don't ever lose that. That that that's what it was that started with that instruction. Repent. be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, not in titles, but in his name, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. See, God gave the prescription. You know why? God's interested. He's interested in us. Don't you love him? He's interested in his word. And I say, "Lord, help us. Help me. Help us as a church. Help me as a father. Help me as a husband. Help me as a pastor. Help me. Maybe you as musician. Maybe you young person. On and on. Listen friends, every one of us, it may not be one of these nine spiritual gifts, but I want you to put yourself into this. We all in our lives are in journey. We're all in journey. We're all in process. Some of us are in different places right now. Sometimes there might be in places that my there's hurts. There's things that you can't even make sense of right now. But I want you to remember God is not the author of confusion. The prophet tells us he has a purpose for everything that he permits and allows to come our way. I want to say, Lord, help me. Help me. Give me the grace for the season that I'm in. Help me, Lord. Help me. I don't want to I don't want to bypass this season. My flesh does. My spirit might, but I don't want to bypass this season because it's necessary. Help me. Could we just go to him in prayer right now? [Music] Father, Lord Jesus, certainly Lord, not like what I thought it would go like here tonight, Lord. In looking over these things, Lord, my heart just so thrilled because you can see it Lord through every aspect of life. I see it, Lord, not only, Father, within the nine spiritual gifts, but I see it, dear God, in the five ministerial. I see it in a husband, father, mother, wife, brother, sister, young people. Lord, I see it, Father, through every part of our life. [Music] maturity. It's a process, a journey, not an event. Oh Lord God, help us Lord throughout this building. No doubt many different seasons of life. Some in the youthfulness, some middle, some older. Lord God, I'm asking for grace for this season we're in. [Music] And Lord Jesus, like you spoke to the Corinthian church, you speak to us the same [Music] way. Lord God, I wonder within one service how that you would approach to remind us always who we are. And that's exactly what the prophet tells us as ministers in how can I overcome. He said the ministers start and they study and among their congregations. He said they they study study those places those weak places not picking it out but realizing that God has called us to more. And he said then to catch from where we are to where we need to be. Lord I'm so glad. I I'll just say it. [Music] Lord, if Lord God you couldn't use me, if there's something, Lord, to where that it would be, Lord God, I never want to leave the people in the place where maybe they're at. But I want, Lord, my heart's desire is not only to recognize where we are, but to recognize where you've called us to be. to recognize that high calling and to press towards it, Lord, and to recognize it will not be by human merits or achievement. It will be by the operation of the quickening power of God, Lord, as we can yield, yield our lives to you. Help us to yield, Lord. Father, sometimes I wonder where you would set a service, even begin to deal with our hearts before coming here. The songs that would be sung. Then you would take maybe specials that would be sung. And then you would take a gift in a man's life. And throughout that service, perhaps it's been an hour and a half that's passed and he's five minutes from closing. And that whole hour and a half and even prior to that was all conditioning for what you would do in maybe one minute's time or two minutes or three minutes. Oh God, if you will take that much time and that much consideration, help us Lord. Help us with our families. Help us with our children. Help us with the church. Help us with one another Lord. Help us with our wives. Help us with our husbands Lord. Because after all, this is what we pray about and we sing. To be like Jesus. Lord, I may never walk on the water. I'm I'm not aspiring for that. But if I can if I can be a part of that and that would be fulfilled in me and in the rest of this congregation to where Lord that even in our approach it might be in an hour and a half approach for one moment's work maybe only a minute maybe only a sentence God help us help us Lord I know that comes through maturity it's not us pushing pushing, shoving. These aren't the three pushes, the three pulls is what it is. It's not shoving. We don't have to do that to get in position. It's your grace that's bringing us in position. It's not so much, Lord, a physical place. It's where the word just coming to a greater place of preeminence in our lives. Help us Lord. Anyone want to be remembered in prayer? Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Grant it, Lord, in each of our lives. Lord God, you know where each of us are at. You know where every heart is at that's setting right here tonight, Lord. Maybe even some things, Lord, that would be strange or foreign. But oh God, your presence, your spirit, Lord, coming upon your word, it's made real, Lord. There's something, Lord. realization of something that is different Lord than even in our lives and hearts Lord where there is an awareness we are aware that Lord we can do nothing in ourselves but whatsoever the Son seeth the father doing that doeth the Son likewise Lord Jesus help us Lord we love you Lord tonight. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh my. Won't you turn and shake hands with someone? Say, "I'm praying for you. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. We're going to make it. We're going to make [Music] it. We're in a journey. We're in a process. We're going to make it. Go ahead and sing. Go ahead and sing. And deeper, Lord, I pray. And higher every day. And wer blessed Lord in thy preious holy word. Deeper, deeper in the love of Jesus. Let me go. Oh, high in the school of wisdom of grace to know and deeper Lord I pray and higher. [Music] Everything blessed Lord in thy preious holy [Music] word. Blessed Holy Spirit. me deeper still life wholly lost in [Music] Jesus his perfect will and deeper Lord I Pray and hure every day and [Music] wonder blessing Lord in thy preious holy word. Deeper, deeper. And though it cost our [Music] trials, let me go in the holy love of Jesus. deeper full grow and deeper Lord I pray and oh yes Lord every day better than Lord voice and preiously [Music] worth every day in Jesus. [Music] Yes, Lord. [Music] in his perfect. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Oh Jes. [Music] Oh deeper Lord and higher every day. [Music] The blessed all my [Music] praise world. I want to be ready. I want to be ready to go. Yes, I Oh, I want to be ready. Yes, I I want to be ready. Well, I don't know how long I'll be here, but Jesus said he'll come again. Oh yes. Oh yes. And when he comes, I will go with him. Why? Cuz you're going right now. You're following him right now. I'll hear him when when he calls my name. Oh, oh, I want to be more than anything. I want to be ready. Oh, I Yes. Want to be ready. [Music] Oh, I I want to be ready to go. I cannot be sure of. We're not trying to put puzzle pieces together. Just when it don't matter. I'm still going to serve him. Hallelujah. I'm going with him. If I walk in his grave. Oh, I Oh, I want to be ready. Yes, I I want to be ready. [Music] Oh, hey Lord. I want to be ready. [Music] I want to be ready to go. I feel it won't be all. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. At his feet I'll bow. Oh, more than anything. Want to be ready. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I want to be ready. [Music] And aren't you glad that if your sights get a little bit off and and they have at times you get to looking and remember brother Brandon said that those in the back of the line he said what they was watching they was watching what was going on with that church was going off. Maybe they're trying to put all kinds of things together and this and that instead of looking to him. [Music] And aren't you glad you're in tune to where you can hear that voice? And that voice said, "Get back in step." Hallelujah. Most importantly, not only you can hear it, but there's something on the inside that says, "It just lines right up." Hallelujah. You know why? It fits your life like a glove. That's right. Hallelujah. It's the matchpiece to your life. When this message, this life, the Holy Spirit has come, you know what it does? It takes dirty clothes and makes clean clothes out of them. Hallelujah. And you know what it does? It takes things that's been dirty rags. And what you see is the image of Christ. One time only thing this thing could display one time was nothing but filth. That's right. But when he camel, he took the dirty rags of my life through the process of justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, bringing forth his image. And the queen walked in and she saw her image on that paper and she said, "Where'd you get that paper?" "Oh, you see this pack, this stack of dirty rags? That paper is yesterday's laundry." Glory be to God. You look at your life, how God has taken your life and my life. You know what he's done? Take it through a process. He sure has. And I'm so glad that he's still working on this, aren't you? Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I think we could go another hour. I'm just God bless you. I I I pray you have a good night's rest tonight. I pray you have a good rest. Oh my. God, Terry's, may God help us on Sunday. Amen. Give us grace. Amen. Could we just go singing this song? He's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. Well, it took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter. Oh, and patient. Amen. God bless you tonight. He's still working on me. I'm so glad he's still working on me to make me what I ought to [Music] be. The moon and the stars, the sun and the earth and you. Oh, how loving and patient he must be. [Music] working in the mirror of this world reflection. [Music] Oh, that's right. And he [Music] knows he's still working on me. He brought out to be. Oh, it took him just a week to make the moon and stars, sun and the earth, Jupiter. How loving and patient he must be. Oh, he's still working on you. They ought to be silent upon my heart. Don't judge me if there's any confus but I'll be perfect just according to his plan fashion by the master's for he's still working on [Music] me to make me what I ought to be well it took him just a week to make the moon and the stars Mars, sun and the earth, Jupiter Mars. How loving and patient he must [Music] be. He's still working on me. Oh, how loving and patient he must be. [Music]
