################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-17 - Church Order 18 - A More Excellent Way 1 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-17
Title:   Church Order 18 - A More Excellent Way 1 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlZPsVhdsW4
========================================

Description:
0:00 - Worship
37:17 - Ministry
1:55:45 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
sand and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. For I have nothing. Oh, I am nothing without you. You must sing. Take my voice. So take my voice and pour it out and let it sing songs of mercy I have found. For I have nothing, Lord. I am nothing [Music] without you. Sing. Oh my soul, oh and all my soul, my soul needs is all your love. Let it cover me so all the world all the world will see that I have nothing. Oh yes Lord without you. Amen. Take my body. So Lord, take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I have nothing. Lord, I am nothing without you. Oh yes. All my soul and all my soul my soul needs is all is all of your love. Just to let it cover me. all of the world. Oh yes, Lord. All the world will see that I have nothing. Oh, without you. Oh yes. Let's make this a prayer tonight. Take my time. So take my time here on this earth and let it glorify all that you are worth for I am nothing. Lord I'm nothing. Oh I am nothing. Oh, without you. Oh, my soul needs. Yes, said all thou. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. All that my soul needs is all of your love to let it cover me. Oh, so all of the world. Yes. Lord, all this world will see that I have nothing without you. Amen. Let's sing that fourth verse one more time. Let's all stand. Amen. Sing once again. So take my tongue. Yes. So here. Oh yes. Make it a prayer tonight. Hallelujah. and let it glorify all that you are worth. Cuz I am nothing. Yes, Lord Jesus. I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Oh my soul needs. Yes. And all of my all my soul, all it really needs is all of your love. Just let it cover me. So all of the world, all the world will see that I have nothing. Without you, all of the world will see that I have. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, without you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We have nothing without him. Amen. Can you say amen to that tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. We're nothing without the Lord. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. We certainly are nothing without him. Amen. Amen. Thank he gave us breath in our bodies tonight so we can worship him and praise him. Aren't you so glad about that? Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for what he's done? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just give God a hand clap of praise. Lord, just thank him for all he's done for you this week. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord. You're so good. Amen. He's so good tonight. Amen. I believe that the God Amen. that God answers prayer. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. How many How many believes that God's able to meet each and every need tonight? You believe that? Amen. I certainly believe it too. Amen. We just know that our God is certainly more able. Amen. To meet each and every need, every request. Amen. Amen. This is from uh Brother Bill says, "To please pray for Brother Ray Hernandez. He is sick at home. and also for sister Dorca. Amen. So remember her prayer tonight and brother Ray just God be with them. Amen. This is u prayers for brother Brian, sister Sue and family as they're on vacation. Amen. So remember them in prayer tonight that God just be with them. Amen. Give them grant them safe travels. Amen. Certainly appreciate them, don't we? Amen. We certainly do. Amen. Just a few announcements there. um unspoken prayer requests. The Lord knows. Amen. So God certainly knows that request. Amen. &gt;&gt; He certainly knows all about it. So thank for that. Also, this is from Sister Gomez says to please keep Sister Irma in your prayers. Also keep Marco Miranda in prayers as well. Amen. So remember our sister in prayer. Thank God for the reports that we've been hearing. Amen. I just pray that God just continue to give her sister strength as well as for Marco as well. God just continue to be with him as well. Amen. This is a prayers for sister Stephanie. She's at home sick tonight. So remember our sister in prayer. I know she would love to be here. It's good to see sister Rita Newra with us tonight. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. God is so good, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh this is request says to please keep Brother Dave Crest Jr. in prayer for healing. He is suffering with sinus issues and needs a touch from the Lord. Amen. So remember our brother in prayer. We soon appreciate the Crest family. Amen. So appreciate what they mean to us. Amen. It's also good to see brother Shane Derkott back with us from Amen. I know he was sick. Amen. Amen. I would like to ask him if he wouldn't mind taking these requests for the Lord. Amen. He's a testimony. Amen. Of God's healing power. And praise the Lord. Amen. How many has a need you'd like to be anoint lifted hand? Just know with that hand lifted up that God sees that need. Amen. He's an all- knowing God. Amen. Let's just be with our brother. Amen. God bless you, brother. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's good to be back. Thank you for your prayers. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If you have your health, do you have everything? And uh it really taught me a lot. Just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we we so love you, Lord. and the simple things sometimes we can take for granted, Lord. And it it takes a test, a trial, a sickness, whatever it may be, to to reappreciate it, Lord. And Father, I'm just standing here. I I thank you for your healing touch. You're still Jehovah Rafa. You're still healing my brothers and sisters in these needs, Father, for healing, Lord. They need you, Father. I think of Brother Ray, the other different ones, Sister Stephanie. May you touch them, Lord. You can use medicine. You can use rest. But Lord, ultimately the healing comes from you, Lord. And Father, may you just meet us here tonight, Lord. May we just get out of your way, our tiredness, our weariness from the weak, whatever may be going on. And Lord, just lock in for what you have in store for us tonight. And may you just fall aresh on us tonight, Lord. Be with brother Sammon. May you speak through him. May you use him, Lord. May he just get himself out of the way. &gt;&gt; We love you, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I want you to turn around and shake hands with somebody tonight. Greet them in the name of the Lord. Amen. Tell them you're glad to see him at church tonight. Amen. Amen. And you can have your seats as well. Oh my soul, my soul needs is all of your love to let it cover me. And so all of the world all the world will see that I have nothing without you. Can you say amen to that tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song. Amen. I'm going to bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Amen. No other name that I know. Amen. I just want to bless the name of the Lord tonight. How much greater bless the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Help me sing it. Well, I'm going to bless that wonderful name of my Jesus. I will bless that wonderful name of my Jesus. I will bless that wonderful name of my Jesus. Well, no other name that I know. Well, I'm going to bless that wonderful name of my Jesus. I'm going to bless that wonderful name of my Well, I'm going to bless that wonderful name of my no other name, no other name that I love. Oh, I will praise that wonderful name of mine. Oh, I'm going to praise that wonderful name of mine. Hallelujah. I'll praise that wonderful name of mine. No other name, no other name that I love. I'm going to praise I'm going to praise that wonderful name of mine. I'm going to praise that wonderful name of God. Oh, I'm going to praise that wonderful name of God. Hallelujah. No other name that I love. Oh, I'm going to sing to that wonderful name of Oh, I'm going to sing to that wonderful name of Oh, I'm going to sing to that wonderful name of Jesus. No other name, no other name that I love. Oh, I like this. Oh, there's healing in that wonderful name of Oh, there is healing in that wonderful name of Well, there's healing in that wonderful name of Well, no other name that I love. Oh, there's healing once again. Oh, there's healing in that wonderful name of Oh, there's healing in that wonderful name of Oh, yes. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Jesus, I know no other name that I deliverance. There is deliverance in the name of my Oh, there's deliverance in the name of my Oh, there's deliverance in the wonderful name of Jesus. Oh, no other name. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, there's power in that name of my Oh, there's power in the name of my Oh, there's power in the name of my Hallelujah. No other name that I love. I'm going to bless. Well, I'm going to bless that wonderful name of mine. I'm going to bless that wonderful name of mine. Yes, I'm going to bless that wonderful name of my Jesus. No other name that I've done. Oh, there's healing in the name of my Would you believe it tonight? In the name of my Oh yes. Oh my Jesus, no other name. One more time, let's just sing that. There's healing. Oh, there's healing in the name of my Oh, do you believe it? Healing in the name of my Jesus. Oh, there's healing in the name of my Oh, no other name that I love. Well, I'll survive. There's no other name that I love. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm going to bless his name. Amen. How many's ready to bless the name of the Lord tonight? Amen. Amen. I want to sing this song. Amen. Bigger than anything. We haven't done this song in a while. Amen. Bigger than all my problems. How many knows that tonight your God's bigger than all your problems? Amen. Bigger than all your fears. Amen. Amen. and help me sing it. I know it's been a while. Oh, well bigger than all my pro Oh, sorry about that. Oh, well, bigger than all the shadows that fall across my path. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Amen. That's right. Oh, he's bigger than my confusion. He's bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Bigger. Well, he's bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my fears. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Oh, he's bigger than all my trials, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I Oh, I sing that verse once again. Bigger than all. Well, he's bigger than all the shadows that fall across my path. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Oh, he's bigger than my confusion, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, he's bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my fears. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. He's bigger than all of my trials. My God's bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain. Amen. Oh, I like this right here. Well, he's bigger than all the giants of pain and unbelief. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Oh, I love this. Oh, he's bigger than my discouragement. He's bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Oh, hear me singing tonight. Well, he's bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my fears. God is bigger than any mountain. Oh yes. Oh yes, you are, Lord. Oh, he's bigger than all my trials, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can. Oh, let's sing that second verse once again. Bigger. Oh, he's bigger than all the giants of pain and unbelief. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or I cannot see. Oh, he's bigger than my discouragement, bigger than anything. God is bigger. Oh, aren't you glad he is? Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Well, you're bigger than all my problems, Lord. Bigger than all my fears. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Oh, he's bigger than all of my trials, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any. Sing it once again. Oh, he's bigger than all of my problems. Bigger than all my fears. God is bigger. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, you are, Lord Jesus. Oh, he's bigger than all of my trials, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain. Oh well, he's bigger than all the giants of pain and all unbelief. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Oh, he's bigger than my discouragement. He's bigger than anything. God is Oh, yes. He's so much bigger that I can't or cannot see. Well, I sing and he's bigger than all of my problems. Bigger than Aren't you glad he is? [Music] Mountain that I can or cannot see. He's bigger than all of my trials. So bigger than anything. [Music] Oh, one more time, church. He's bigger than all my problems, bigger than all my fears. God is bigger. Oh, is he bigger tonight? Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, he's bigger than all of my trials. Bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot. Oh, he's bigger than all of my trials. He's bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain that I can or cannot see. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. You're greater, Lord Jesus. You're bigger. You're stronger, Lord. Amen. I'm so glad I can serve that kind of a God tonight. How about you? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I want to sing that song. Amen. He didn't bring us this far to leave us. Oh, aren't you glad? Oh, he didn't teach us to swim, to let us drown. [Applause] Oh, he didn't build his home in us to move away. He didn't lift us up to let us down. Oh, sing that chorus once again. He didn't bring us. Oh, he didn't bring us this far to leave us. Oh, aren't you glad about that? Amen. Oh, he didn't teach us to swim to let us drown. Thank you, Lord. He didn't build his home in us to move away. Oh, what a promise tonight. Oh, he didn't lift us up to let us down. Oh, I like this verse right here. Well, there are some proises in a letter. Thank you, Lord. They were written a long, long time ago. I'm so glad tonight they're not getting older, but they're getting better. Aren't you glad about that? Because he still wants us to know. This is what he wants you to know tonight, church. Oh, he didn't bring us this far to leave us. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. Oh, he didn't teach us to swim, to let us drown. He didn't Oh, he didn't build his home in us to move away. Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. He didn't lift us up, to let us down. We'll sing that verse just one more time. There are some promises. There are some promises in letters. They were written a long, long time ago. Oh my. Oh, they're not getting older, but they're getting they keep getting better. Thank you, Lord, because he still wants us to know. He wants you to know that he didn't bring you this far just to leave you. Oh, that's right. Amen. Oh, he didn't teach us to swim, to let us drown. I'm glad he didn't build his home in us just to move away. Oh, I'm glad he didn't lift us up to let us stand. Let's see one more time. He didn't bring us. Oh, he didn't bring us this far to leave us. Oh, hallelujah. He didn't teach me to swim to let me down. He didn't Oh, he didn't build his home in us just to move away. Oh Lord, you didn't lift me up. Oh, to let us down. He didn't lift us up. He didn't lift us up to let us down. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Just before we Amen. Go to the next song. Just have real just real quick some some real quick announcements tonight. Amen. Uh see if I got the announcements. Well, the announcements are in this over here. I thought I had it down. Amen. I believe. Amen. Just forgive me. Bear with me. I thought I really thought I had these announcements and I guess I didn't on this side. Amen. How many appreciates the Lord tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. This is a The first announcement says, "A friendly reminder about the upcoming brother's breakfast this Saturday at 8:00 a.m. at the Blue Sky restaurant in Amherst." Amen. So, man, that'll be this Saturday at 8:00 a.m. Amen. The brothers will be at the Blue Sky restaurant. Amen. Certainly certainly appreciate the fellowship for the brothers. Amen. Amen. Appreciate that. Amen. I think I had another one here. I just I thought I did. Amen. Forgive me. Bear with me. I thought I really thought I had it. Amen. But I think um one of the announcements was that there is a there is a card out in the vestibule. It's for uh Sister Irma. Amen. So, if you, you know, feel free to, you know, sign that. I'm sure that she would appreciate that. And that's that's out in the vestibule. So, I'm sure that our sister would appreciate that. That was actually one of the announcements. So, Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. How many loves the Lord tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing this little song. Amen. How many's thankful for the love of God? Amen. Let's sing. Amen. Precious love. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm so thankful for his love tonight. Amen. Oh, thank you, Lord. [Music] Oh, before I spoke a word, you sing over me. Lord, you have been so so good to me. Oh yes, you have, Lord. Oh, before I took a breath, you breathe your life in me. Lord, you have been so so kind to me. Oh, and all the overwhelming, neverending, precious love of God. And bully chases me down. But still I'm found. Le the 99. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. and all the overwhelming the neverending precious love of God. Sing. Oh, when I was your f still your love fought for me. Oh, what love. Amen. Aren't you glad about that? Oh, for you have been so, so good to me. me. Amen. How many's been there? Amen. Oh, when I felt no worth, Lord, you paid it all for me. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. For you have been so so kind to me. Oh, yes. and all the overwhelming, the neverending precious love of God. And oh, it chases me down, fights till I'm found, leaves the 99. Oh, I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. But still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming the neverending precious love of God. If I sing a second verse just one more time. Amen. I like that. When I was your foe, still your love father. Amen. Hallelujah. His mind wasn't changed about you. Aren't you glad? Oh, for you have been so so good to me. When I felt no worth. Oh, when I felt no worth. Lord, you paid it all for me. I'm also thankful. Amen. All that you have been so so kind to me and all the overwhelming the neverending precious love of God. And oh it chases me down. fights till I found least the 99 and I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it but still you give yourself away and all the overwheling the precious love of God I like this There's no shadow you won't light up, no mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me, a sword. There's no wall you won't kick down, lie you won't tear down. And coming after me, no shadow, there's no shadow you won't light up. mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no shame. Oh, no lie. You won't tear down. You're coming after me and all the overwhelming the neverending precious love. Oh yes Lord. Oh, it chases me down. Fight till I found the 99. Oh, I couldn't earn it. No, I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. and all the overwhelming and neverending precious love of God. Oh, I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. But still you give yourself away. And all the overwhelming, the neverending precious love of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for his love tonight? Hallelujah. Oh, he's so good to us. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this little chorus. Forgive me, I didn't have this down. Amen. He will hold me fast. I don't I'm sorry. I don't I didn't have it down. Amen. I'm so glad that he holds us fast. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this. Amen. Before brother Samuel comes. [Music] When I fear my faith will fail, [Music] Christ will hold me fast. When the tempter would prevail, he will hold me fast. For I could never keep my whole through my fearful path. For my love is often cold. Oh, he must hold me fast. Oh, he will hold me fast. Aren't you glad that he will hold me fast? For my Savior loves me so. Yes, he will hold me fast. Hallelujah. Oh, for those he saves are his delight. Oh, aren't you glad that Christ will hold me fast? Oh, precious in his holy sight. I know that he will hold me fast. For he'll not let my soul be lost. His promises shall last. Bought by him at such a cost. He will hold me fast. He will hold me fast. Oh, I know he will hold me fast. For my savior loves me so. Yes, he will hold me fast. Yes, for my life he goes yes [Applause] me. Justice has been sisfied Jesus. Hallelujah. Glor with endless days. Turn to shine. When he comes at last, he will hold me fast. He will hold me fast. [Applause] Oh, my Savior loves me so I know he will love me. Oh yes, for my life he b and I Christ will hold me fast. Justice has been sis. I can choose he will be fast always with him to endless. He will hold me fast till our is will hold me fast. He will hold me fast. &gt;&gt; He will hold me fast. &gt;&gt; For my Savior loves me so I know that he will hold me fast. &gt;&gt; For my Savior loves me so he will hold me fast. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad that he's got a hold of you? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, it's it's one thing for um Brother Brandon gives that example of Sarah and just turn this down just a little bit. Just a tad. Thank you. Um when little member Rebecca went and grabbed she'd be able she was able to beat um Sarah there and got on brother Bram's lap and &gt;&gt; she said I got all of daddy and little Sarah's lip be to quiver and and um brother Brandham motioned to Sarah said come on over here. He pulled her up on his lap and and uh Sarah looked over Rebecca and she said, "Rebecca, my sister, you might have all of daddy, but daddy's got all of me." &gt;&gt; And that's what it really that's what really matters, you know, is that it's not how much of a grip that we have on God, it's how much of a grip that God has on our lives. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's many many around us that um that could maybe explain and my goodness preach circles around us and everything else. But you know what makes the difference is is is God having the first place. Amen. In our lives. Amen. So we'll just dismiss you if you want to help out back there. Um, we I know the brothers out sometimes there's things that happen and um I know there were things that uh I probably give them a lot to go because I like my monitors and uh then they're trying to make adjustments. Sometimes we can't figure out why there's different adjustments been made and things like that. But we we'll get to the bottom of it and I'll just talk until they do and then we'll preach from there. and uh had a had a sound man one time that came in here and um he was helping us out and he couldn't figure out why in the world that I needed monitors or whatever more. And I thought, well, first of all, you're not a preacher. Second of all, you've never sat in one of our services. And uh so, you know, I I kind of like to have a voice when I'm done. And um I've had some of my buddies that want to get me into all that other stuff. I said, I got enough batteries to take care of. I don't need to look like I'm walking out there with six shooters and uh I want I want to hear later on in life. So, um, but anyhow, I want to just kind of give you an update, uh, Sister Irma. And on Sunday, um, you know, it was actually late on Saturday night, early Sunday morning. And, um, when Sister Irma, they, you know, they took her to the emergency room and then we, we went to see her, uh, my wife and I, and had prayer with her on Sunday evening. And it was it was a very serious condition. Uh it was a UTI, but the UTI had went and began to affect all the other organs. She was on a respirator. They had everything. They were taking care of her heart and lungs and and everything. And it was a very very very serious um thing within that. And I don't I'll just be honest, when I when I put out prayer requests, I don't try to withhold anything. I just put out according to what the family or whatever asked me to do. And so, um, but you know, the Lord certainly moved right down. My wife and I, they were actually doing a procedure and doing some things. And my wife and I got in there to, um, into uh, and when we got in there to, um, uh, over here in Yria, um, they did a procedure for her heart and so forth there and then sent her on down the main campus. And, um, we're just thankful for the mercy of the Lord because day by day there's been improvement. uh along. And so today they were supposed to be taking out um uh some of the equipment. Tomorrow, Lord willing, the respirator. So you just continue to keep her in prayer. Um, you know, it's it's incredible how something um as simple as maybe we look at a UTI, and there's a lot of things with UTI that I've come to realize with different ones that sometimes, you know, those things can have such an effect on people to where you actually think they may have dementia and isn't dementia at all. and and some of that, you know, there was a a minister brother I was around and, you know, it was it was something we were starting to notice, you know, and maybe he was up in age, but we were just kind of noticing it. And um and then we begin to see that um of what what kind of had taken place. And so it ended up being just a UTI, but we want to continue to keep her in prayer. And we're just just thankful to the mercy of the Lord. And um I just we stood right there and my wife and I we joined you know hands and we just had prayer uh there for in the hospital and um so we just uh are thankful for God's mercy. You know it certainly behooves us in all things. We always want to be ready to go. We never know when it's time but I said Lord I refuse. I'm not going to let this I I I just I just we we need Sister Irma. We love Sister Irma and and Brother Carlos. We So thank thank the Lord for them. So, um, we want to also, Sister, uh, Marco, you got that text and that came from Sister Miranda. He was supposed to get transferred to Columbus. They were going to put in a permanent pacemaker. And, uh, but the Lord interceded. He didn't even have to have that pacemaker. They, his heart, everything started moving right in the right right line with everything and how it should be. And, and so, we're just thankful to the Lord for that. And I'll tell you what, prayer works. Amen. &gt;&gt; Prayer works and um we just are so thankful to God for his mercy. So continue to keep Sister Irma Irma in prayer and um as well as Pardon me here. I'm going to do something. I'm gonna change it to zero. Where you at, Ben? I think Let's go ahead and stand. Okay. So, turn the 12 and read verse 27 verse 31. We'll let you have your seats. Now ye are the body of Christ and members in particular. That means with such diversity. And God hath set in the church first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversities of tongues. Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Now notice these questions. Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? Have all the gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? Do all interpret? Because God has there's such a diversity within God's body. And we looked at this even some time ago within there's differences of administrations, diversities of gifts. And each one, no matter if it is a gift or something that is seen or known, each member, just like in your body, your natural body, each member has a vital part. Now, I I realize there's certain things within our natural body that we're able to live or do without. Sometimes they'll take out maybe the gallbladder and other things, but yet that part has serves a vital part in our body. You can continue to survive, but it serves a vital part within our body within God's God's great economy in the spiritual body. Every part is vital within the body of Jesus Christ. We say it over and over, but it's true. There's no big eyes and no little U's. But sometimes the way things will we can look at things, the way we'll judge things, the way we'll see things, but yet it always comes back to how God actually sees things. And that's where the real victory is for our own lives is just to see how God sees us and the purpose that God has for each of our lives. Because after all, when it's all said and done, that's what it is. We want to be able to say at that time to hear those words, well done, thou good and faithful servant. Brother Bram says it over and over. He says, I wish, he said, there's many things I wish I could have heard him when he was in his earthly journey to speak. He said, but if there's one thing I want to be able to hear him say above all things else is when I stand there that day and he says, "Well done, &gt;&gt; thy good and faithful servant." Those are the words that we're pressing for. So notice this next verse here. but covet earnestly the best gifts. And yet I show unto you a more excellent way. I would like to speak here tonight on this thought on a more excellent way. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, how we thank you for your mercies, Lord, once again this evening. We're so thankful, God, just and we look, Lord, in the different reports, Lord, and different ones, Lord, we've, Lord, been holding up in prayer. Father, think of seeing Sister Rita here tonight, Lord. We thank you for your mercies, Lord, and moving on her behalf, bringing her back, Lord, together with us, Lord. And I pray that you'll continue to minister to her body, Lord. Father, as we hold Sister Irma in prayer, Lord, we dear God are asking, Father, may you continue to move, Lord, on our sister's behalf. Lord, I pray, Father, with everything, Lord, just seeing, Lord, the doctors are pleased with seeing, Lord, how things are are functioning, Lord, with the heart, the kidneys, and Lord, they've been watching this for a few days and looking at it, Lord, and things, Lord, are to be removed and her weaned off of different things, Lord. And father we thank you dear God for Lord Jesus the the wisdom and Lord those things which you have given Lord even to that Lord of the doctors and Lord we know that it's the promise that we're we're standing on. We know that Father that God no matter how much equipment that we could be hooked up to if it's our time to go it's our time to go. But Lord Jesus, we believe that we where there's nothing can take us until the purpose of God has been served in our lives, Lord. So, Father, I pray that you'll continue to, Lord, give strength to Sister Irma. Continue to move on her behalf, Lord. We pray, Father, for Marco as well, Lord, that you'll not only continue to move, Lord, physically, Lord, but continue spiritually, Lord. I pray in his life, Lord. Father for the many different needs Lord as brother Shane Lord seeing him here and brother Drake Lord different ones Lord how that God that you have touched their bodies Lord we so thank you for your mercy Lord and ask that God that for each and every one Lord you know the needs of your children Lord those that will even be streaming those that are standing here and Father we're asking for you Lord that you would come and just take us Lord into your control tonight Lord receive all the glory and honor we pray Lord and guide us, Lord Jesus, tonight, Father, as a faithful shepherd, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Amen. As you're being seated, Amen. I want to I want to look here uh tonight at this thought on a more excellent way. And uh actually with just even months and things like that ago, I we were speaking here and I think it might have been on the second or third part within church order and I actually thought that this is the way we were going to go and we pulled up that night and didn't continue on. The Lord Lord had me just to to put this push it back but yet it's actually the greatest priority. some of the things we've looked at is God-given direction, God-giving help, and you know, ministering to our lives. And I just um I thought it was so special even um last week uh you know many times you as I've study and I look over a lot of things. I look over a lot of quotes and scriptures and I have things of different studies. Sometimes I'll have studies that are going on for years and and things like that and just looking and then just waiting and on the spirit of God how the Lord would want to even bring things together. I just love to study the word of God and under his direction and and yet one of the things that even over and over within that of the church order there in 1963 it didn't strike me till I was standing right here in the pullpit and ministering last week of how that the I actually mentioned it here but it was still I was just thinking about it after I left here of how that brother Brandham when he approached that if you ever go back and you listen to it in 1963 with that of with that of church order and if you just think of it this way. When you look at church order, it it's very it's very important. But I also realize that there's sometimes that where sometimes individuals maybe the way they're geared and the way things are in their natur. And I think we always have to be aware and be real with knowing how we're natured. If somebody happens to be maybe have a tendency to be critical or a certain person has a tendency to be, you know, just kind of kra s, they always have to be mindful of our of our makeup and those things and really always submitting it to the Lord. But I look at how that when brother Brandham brought that and I think of with church order, you know, it's much like a lot of maintenance that you have on your car. Every one of us, you know, when it comes time, I know, you know, my myself sometimes I think about I've seen cars on the side of the road that when I look at it and, you know, a tie rod has been busted out and and I remember, you know, my I got on my mind. We had uh we took our took the expedition because that's the only thing everybody can fit in. When we went down there in May for Zach's uh school things and we got down there and man the first night you know how it is sometimes you get over tired with things man the enemy started attacking me on my mind because you know how it is brother Drake we rode down those down going through West Virginia on that on 77 and we do it on the men's meeting and you're going down through there and my mind it started plaguing on my mind of man I hope them tie rods are all right. I hope them things are good. my family's in this car and here I am swinging around these curves, you know, and and everything. But, you know, I just said, Lord, you know, I mean, cuz I I take I take my vehicles, I take them on regular maintenance. I I make sure and a lot of times over there at the Ford garage where I take it, I'll ask those guys when they do my oil change, they do my tire rotation. I don't wait. I want to I want to get it done even before I hit the mark. And I'll ask them, "How are the tie rods?" You might say, "Well, they could tell you anything." They might tell me anything, but I also want to know. I I know those guys and I'll see them out a lot of times in stores and other places as well and uh I don't know them as far as buddies but you know we'll know one another by name and things cuz I've asked them and you know I think that's the thing that within our lives when we look at that where brother Brandham himself with taking that it's to keep things in a place like Paul would speak through Timothy that we might know how to behave ourselves in the house of God. In other words, that our lives, every the maintenance and things when you go on a trip or when you're working in your or you're going somewhere, you don't want to have to worry about what's going on. You want your car to run. You want to get there from point A to point B. And that's really the whole thing. Even when it gets down to church order, it's not all of the, you know, all of the nitty-gritty, but we have to deal sometimes with nitty-gritty, but all of that is for one purpose. that the church might flow, that the spirit of God might be able to move and and operate through our lives. And there's changes at times where there's things that we've seen that even at times over the years, there's times where there's things that uh things would would need changed. And I love how brother Brandham when he came with that in ' 63 there brother Brandham when he approached it and the reason I want to draw your attention he never went through and was telling people or the brethren and all that group that was sitting there you're wrong you've been doing this wrong you shouldn't have been doing this and you were out of order he never you'll never find one place in that tape where brother Bram says that but rather what brother Bram does is admonish them now when I I think of it that when brother Brandham would take that to admonish them. Now it's you know how those took it that up and left the tabernacle that's on them. There was nothing there everything was presented there within love. It was truth that was presented. It was the word. It was even where brother Brandham could say uh regarding everything when someone asked him brother Brandham do you think this is true? Do you think it's genuine as far as the gifts and these things that were taking place? And brother Brandham says I'm no judge. He said I I I can't judge it. He said, "But I'll tell you what we'll do. We'll put the word to it, and the word will actually expose if it is truly of God or not." And so, when you look at what Brother Bannon was actually coming down to, it wasn't that where he was looking at or judging something as far as saying, "Well, everything is happening right on the mark. It's exactly true." knew it was exactly we know there was a lot of different things even throughout time but where brother Brandon was was coming to when you what you seen when the word was actually brought to the situation you watch the absol one of us can be guilty of you know man you know acting out of character or what are more and and so you know there's there there's allowances for those things even though brother Bram says according to when over and over in in the message where he'll say if if when you're correcting a gift or you're correcting someone or something takes place and they get all you know off color and everything else and brother Ram says you know it wasn't the spirit of God but even let's just say that if someone would then what you would look for is to see is there truly a repentance within their heart as far as it comes out that you know what I'm sorry I forgive me for acting that way. If the spirit of God is in your heart, listen friends, you cannot override and just put things out to the side. You absolutely the spirit of God will move and direct you to get right. And if you don't, it will continue to torment you. This is where things sometimes I'm not saying that everybody persons that deal with anxiety and this and that is because they got things that's not right. I'm not saying that at all. But I will say this, sometimes there's things that can lay hidden in a person's life or things that they have not made right that they should make right. And this so in order for what purpose? Not to vindicate anybody else, but that the spirit of God might have the right away in their own lives. Because God can never deal with us until we come back to acknowledge and admit that we're wrong. But you know, when I think of it with within this here of really what becomes the basis when we look at things of a more excellent way and you recognize that when we're reading and referring to this here of what Paul would deal with and he would speak to the the church and and admonish them to desire or covet earnestly the best gifts and yet show I unto you a more excellent way. And so within that, that word way itself, it's a road or it's a place that's traveled, a journey. And it's really comes down to really being a course of conduct, a a manner or a way of thinking, feeling, and deciding. And so Paul would would lay this out that there is there is a more excellent way. There is an approach to all of these things in God. And you know, Satan is always Satan always wants to try to take away from what is really the full goal that God has for for our lives. Satan can hand out like brother Bram says, he can hand out the gifts and supernatural gifts by the handfuls. He can do that to where that a person can become to such a place of relying upon the supernatural of supernatural and no doubt many supernatural things could work in their life. But that supernatural working in their life is no vindication that they are a true spiritfilled born-again child of God. There's only one vindication and that is the word of God. And the word of God is not just doctrine. It's the person. It's the character. He said, "I am the truth, the life, and the way." And so when Paul, there's no doubt that when he would reference this and speak to this among the among the Corinthians and how that they themselves were so taken with the supernatural that they were seeing in their midst. Remember how brother Ram tells us he said that many times just like it was with Peter when people become all excited and enthused when the supernatural is among them. That's that's that's human. That's human parts about us that I love to see. I love to see God move. I love to see the supernatural. Is that right? I love to see that. I love and and yet realizing that how every service and everything is different. I hear how brother Brandham will talk about with Ruth and the handfuls of purpose and he'll say this in the kinsman redeemer. Oh Lord, let it be every once in a while you'll drop a little handful of purpose among us, healing the sick, doing this just to let us know that you're with us. So you know all of that God knows how to encourage us along the way. And yet here Paul would write of this uh trying to direct the attention of the Corinthian believers to what would actually be a more excellent way or what should actually be the goal or the aim of what we're looking for. This is how it says in the amplified. It says, "But earnestly desire and zealously cultivate the greatest and best gifts and graces, the higher gifts and the choices graces." And yet I will show you a more excellent way. One that is better by far and the highest of them all, love. This is why brother Brandham could say it over and over and over and countless number of quotes of how that brother Brandham would say it. If he had the choice, brother Brandham, I William Brandham, I'll give you all of these gifts or I will give you divine love. He said, I wouldn't even have to think twice about it. Amen. &gt;&gt; I would ask God for divine love because after all what's going in the rapture is divine love. &gt;&gt; That's it's not about how gifted a person is, how super how much supernatural. Listen, there's a lot of supernatural that takes place not just in and around this message. There's a lot of supernatural that's worked among a lot of other individuals. So, it isn't that we, you know, how Satan wants to do, Satan wants to take things like that and then try to put scarecrows up and and people no longer want to want to give heed to the supernatural. Oh my, I I don't want that. You know, people can get off in meetings. Well, this is why that everything should be judged. This is why we have the word. We don't have to put things under locks and put them in closets and lock it up. But it does have to be judged by the word because the only sure ground that we have of standing is the word of God. Our feelings will fail us. And you know that there's a lot of times we've had feelings go a certain way and our feelings was so wrong. We felt this or this person doesn't like me or this or that. And you come to find out that was just your own conclusions that you've drawn and you were wrong. That's good. &gt;&gt; But you know within this there there is when we look at it there's actually only one plum line. Now a plum line itself many as builders and things and and they still use the plum line. The plum line is not like that of just looking on a horizontal but the plum line is where they begin to look at a wall and wanting to make sure when they're starting off on that wall that that wall is vertically lined up. Because if it's not vertically lined up when it's when it's just a little bit off the ground, if they don't keep checking that little by little that wall can start to lean. So the plum line and God spoke of that all the way through the scripture. God spoke about putting a plum line over Jerusalem and God because you know it's for us in our lives. We can we can we can speak and and deal with well, you know, of trying to get the horizontal lined up. But you know what will affect the real lining up of the horizontal is the vertical. Is when we're lined up with God, then the Bible said all these other things will be added unto us. &gt;&gt; But it's when we start trying to line up the horizontal. It's the same way in our homes. It's the same way in the church. It's the same way with everything else. If you try to start lining up the horizontal, you're operating in the wrong way. It's get the vertical lined up and then from the vertical the horizontal it'll take care of itself. Now there's checks and things sure that we have to make but this is why that within it it's our lives. It isn't about trying to get somebody else. It's our lives and God's desire is that the church would be so lined up with the word of God to Christ. The spirit of God would have such preeminence to just flow through our lives. Now think of this here in the scriptures in 1 Corinthians 13. Paul would write write in here and speak to these believers in this time. And he would speak to them regarding though I speak with tongues of men and angels and have not charity and become a sounding brass or a tingling symbol. And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I'm nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned and have not charity, it profitth me nothing. &gt;&gt; Now, charity, we understand this charity is God's own love. God is love. It's God's own life. So all of these things Paul is speaking to them of the Corinthians and letting them know that even when it comes to where they're speaking in tongues, every one of these things are supernatural happenings. I mean, think of how it's worded in the New Testament. How many times do you read in the New Testament where it records somebody having great faith and the Holy Ghost hadn't even been given yet? &gt;&gt; Right, woman? You've had great faith. You've had great faith. You've had great faith. And yet somehow it how the enemy wants to would love to so bring the distraction and the focus of that oh this has great faith but Paul even speced it here because showing that there would be those that have such great faith to move mountains such signs such wonders they there's just something about them. They just how that they're built up how that they're made to in order to have great faith. How many remember is brother Random talking about the statue of a perfect man? And he says there's men, there's some people that are born with these attributes. They are the natural, the earthly. He said, but what we're talking about in the statue of a perfect man is that which is spirit. So it's incredible to me. It's incredible how that the spirit of God can move down just as it would be upon tongues where someone would actually speak in tongues and then the interpretation be given. And remember, it was one of the things that stumped brother Brandham when he was in Mishawaka because when he stood there, he seen one and how that everything was working just exactly. The tongues, the interpretation, everything was right on the mark. And yet when he stood to to greet those men, one of those men was genuine as genuine could be. And then the next one that came by, this man was married yet living with another woman. He it was such it is the way his life was living. It wasn't a clean life. And yet there was the spirit of God that would move down through that man's life. It but what it showed was it shows that that that that those things happening are no sign of a spiritfilled born again Christian. &gt;&gt; That's why the spirit of God can fall. But notice within it so many times how when things could take place and well I've seen this one and I I've seen this done or I've seen this and so many times it can be we've you know we've watched it we've seen things around our message you know for years we heard it you know this one raised up it's an eighth day messenger this one here and and these are things and you know what God permits all that that's what Paul spoke in in Corinthians there's got to be heresies among you there's got to be things come among you that those that are genuine might be proved moved out as well too. &gt;&gt; That's what Paul said. And then you can have things to where that you know it begins to chase after this and and chase after this. But you know what? I'm so thankful that you know it ain't anywhere that we've got to move but except deeper in Christ. And there's a real living God that we could have a real experience with. In other words, God does not want anybody to be made in his place of worship. And oh, if this man or this individual could just pray for me or this person, God wants us to have faith within his word and to recognize he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if we'll be yielded, God can work and move just according to how our faith will be released in him. But you see, within these things, Paul is dealing with them in the Corinthian church. My what an incredible thing to be able to deal with people that have seen not only the supernatural, but they're experiencing it. It would take such humility in their hearts to submit to the word of God that was coming forward through Paul so that they did not stand there on a gift or how they how God had used them and challenged the word of God. I don't know what all of them did, but I do know this that those that submitted their hearts to the word of God, I know that those that's wrote in in second Corinthians, and I know we'll meet them on the other side because they continued on with the word of God. But notice how that the supernatural because it know it's it's always something of a uh you know it can be so mesmerizing to us to think my that that would be somewhat of an evidence and that would be somewhat an evidence and my somebody having great faith or like Paul wrote here a gift of prophecy or even to be able to take the word and just lay it you know quote and scripture and everything else. Listen Satan Satan does not take a backseat in gifts. As a matter of fact, brother Brandham tells us in the church age book, Judas Escariat had a ministry second to none. &gt;&gt; Nobody could outreach Judas. As a matter of fact, he was a better preacher than all of them. &gt;&gt; Are you with me now? What what does that mean? Does that does is these things that God would deal with? Was he trying to put questions within the Corinthians? Not at all. But what God is working with them on is to let them see, do not rest your salvation. Don't rest your experience upon any of these things. It's got to be divine love. &gt;&gt; That's the only thing going in the rapture is perfect love. &gt;&gt; Now notice within all of this, everything that could be done, such I mean my such sacrifice, but yet if it's not done with charity, you know, it's kind of like putting things on a scale. You could put things on a scale, but yet, you know, within it, it can look the same size. I could have two two things up here, maybe two two different sizes of maybe one's a bowling ball and and one's another ball like you'd get at the supermarket. But what if they were both the same color? What if they both looked alike? What would actually tell which one was a bowling ball? The density. You see, this is where many times when it comes down to it, the more excellent way, there's got to be something deeper than just what's out here. It's got to be something deeper than just a gift. It's got to be something more than just a supernatural. It's got to be something so deep. What What were we talking about? The love of God. It's got to be the love of God that will always be directed to the word of God. &gt;&gt; That's good. That's good. That's the more excellent way. &gt;&gt; Yes, it is. &gt;&gt; Now, think of this when you look at it because many of these gifts, think of it, gifts of healing, gifts of healing, many of them that we look through, all the even all of these six other gifts, gifts of healing, word of wisdom, word of knowledge. Listen, friends, there's individuals that can be so dead wrong as far as within their own being, and yet God, there can be something come right around and they can tell you what you were just thinking. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Now, what are you going to do? where you go, oh, oh, that person has a gift of discernment. Are you going to follow them? &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; You see, everything needs to be tried and proven. &gt;&gt; Oh, what are we going to what we what are we going to do? But you see, there's got to be something deeper on the inside. But you see what Satan does, he can take things and he wants to make a mockery out of it. He'll take things, well, I know I know so and so, I I we we don't need no more of that. We don't we don't need any more of you know of prayer lines. We don't need of pray of of gifts. We don't need any more of that. Well, listen. Just because some things were wrong and went the wrong way does not mean that we get rid of them. What it means is is what happened is we stop judging it by the word and we started judging it based on feelings. &gt;&gt; That's good. That's so good. I want you to think here in this moment. See, we're living in such a time in an hour. There's things that, you know, to be able to see and to just witness and see things and let it be tried and let it be proven by the word of God. I I want it to be proven. I I don't want to just be swept away and following every little thing that comes along and and praise God, this is the real move. And then no, no, I want to see it in the word of God. And you know, one of the things that we look at, I just don't want to see I don't want to see just miracles and things happen. I want to see the attitude and what's behind it. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; Is Jesus Christ being lifted up or is it just the person lifting up? Well, I did this and I prayed for so and so and I did this and I did this and I and I and I and I and I. We don't want that. We don't need that. &gt;&gt; There's only one big one among us and that's the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Now remember when Jesus here he would refer to this in Matthew 7 uh 21-23 and talk about how there'll be many that will come to me in that day and say have I not prophesied in thy name? Have I not cast out you know devils? Have I not seen have have I not in in thy name done many mighty wonderful works? And he said I profess to them I never knew you. Depart from me you workers of iniquity. And brother Ram goes on to say it like this. He said, "Jesus does not deny that they did the mighty works that only the Holy Ghost can accomplish by way of men." But he did deny ever knowing them. Now, this was key. He never denied them doing mighty works. He never said, "You lied. You never preached in my name. You never cast out devils. You never healed the sick." He never said that. But what he said, "I never knew you." because it was the Holy Spirit present working through individuals. But the individuals, as the prophet said, they he said, "These men weren't backsliders. They were wicked, unregenerate, reprobates. They were the seed of Satan." &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Ah, this some strong words, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Hello. I &gt;&gt; I think we I think we believe this message. &gt;&gt; Notice Brother Ram says there it is. You can't claim that manifestation is the evidence of being spirit born or spiritfilled. I will admit that true manifestation is the evidence of the Holy Spirit doing mighty acts but it is not the evidence of the individual being spiritfilled even though that individual has an abundance of those manifestations. So what is it that shows? It shows it's the Holy Spirit there present doing that. But it is no vindication of the person. &gt;&gt; The only proof that we have is the acceptance. And beloved, remember how brother Raml says as soon as you begin to touch them in their doctrine, you can begin to touch them and say, "Wait a minute here. You said this, but Brother Ram says this over here." Brother Brandham mentions this over here. And you're saying this, but Brother Brandham says this over here. Brother Bram says, "What you'll find is is when you start to corner them on the word, they will fall back on the same argument." We get results, don't we? &gt;&gt; So true. &gt;&gt; I would rather be lined up with the word of God. &gt;&gt; My heart lined up. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Then there would be all sorts of of miracles and everything else and and testimonies. I thank God for the testimonies. Thank God for what he's done right here in our midst. But I would rather be lined up with faith in God's word and submitted to him for his leadership. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The evidence, Brother Bram says, of receiving the Holy Ghost today is just the same as it was back in the day of our Lord. It is receiving the word of truth for the day in which you live. Jesus never did stress the importance of the works as he did the word. He knew that if people got the word, the works would follow. That's the Bible. &gt;&gt; Amen. Notice the scripture tells us when he, the Spirit of truth, has come, he will lead and guide us into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself. See what the Holy Spirit has done and works through an individual. He's not there to puff that individual up. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; You see, you see that? See, the spirit of God doesn't work with him that way. A man can get off of that. Remember, brother Brand tells us God can use a man and if that man goes in such a way where he begins to think a little bit more about himself, God will just pull right back. He's not going to share his glory with no one. Brother Ram tells us like this in 1964 identified Christ. He said even the flesh of Jesus Christ could not glory in his presence because it was not the son. That's a scripture. And the son in himself can do nothing. But what he seeth the father doing that doeth the son likewise. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Now when you think of this this this of the love of God, I hope you're seeing what we're looking at here something to where it goes behind the scenes. What is it that's down on the inside? What is it that's back there? Now listen, don't go around and well, you know, this one seemed a little prideful. This a little prideful. Let me just tell you, as I said before, everything will manifest within its time and in its season. What's important is is our hearts, our lives stay lined up with God. Cuz sometimes God will allow us to see something that's off going a little stray here and God will test us to see what is our attitudes towards it. Because the prophet tells us, if a man is right in his heart with God, he might be wrong in his doctrine, but if he's right in his heart, the spirit of God will straighten him out. &gt;&gt; That's where that's where my confidence lies within that. I think of that for my own life. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come. Watch how Brother Brandon would would say this, you know, because we want to be correct. I, you know, it's not I want to be right. I want to be correct. If I'm wrong, I want to be correct. &gt;&gt; And I don't want to just I'm not just talking about gifts, friends. I'm talking about thoughts, feelings, attitude, every part of our life, we want it to be in subjection to the word of God. I want it to pass under the judgment rod of God. Because there's a lot of things that you and I can have a right and say, "Well, I've got a right to have an attitude. I've got a right to have this, but I want it to pass under God's judgment because I don't want anything down there on the inside." Like David would even say, "Lord, don't even let there be any pre presumptuous sin. Search me, Lord. Any prideful, any something that is down there to where it might be ever so hidden." But the spirit of God is able to move right down and say, "Wait a minute here. You're not looking at the right way at your brother, your sister. You're looking down on them." &gt;&gt; We want the spirit of God to to just zero in over our lives. &gt;&gt; This is why brother Brandon would come around. I love this statement in the message of prisoner. He said, "Don't judge your life by how much power you have to perform miracles." &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. We don't judge oursel by how much knowledge you have of the word. So here's two parts. How much power it is to perform miracles. How much knowledge uh you have of the word. But always judge yourself. Look back and take inventory of what kind of fruit that the life you presently live now is bearing. &gt;&gt; Fruit don't lie. &gt;&gt; And notice what brother Ram said. Look back. take a take a look back and see what kind of fruit is coming. This is the one time that we're permitted to look back is to look over our life. It's actually examining our life. What fruit is actually coming out of our life? Is is there fruit are we becoming? I mean, my goodness, if we're nearing the capstone of divine love, we surely cannot becoming more judgmental of people. We surely cannot becoming more critical. We surely cannot becoming less patient and intolerable and criticizing. Surely to goodness that is not the effects of getting closer to the headstone to the rapture. &gt;&gt; That cannot be. It shows it's not progressing the way it should be because when it's progressing, the capstone itself is that of God's own love setting down upon the church of the living God. Friends, it doesn't come to a place to make us more indifferent and selfish. As a matter of fact, the capstone coming down is actually signifying the achievement of a life that is yielded to God. &gt;&gt; That's what we're looking for. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Notice Brother Ram would say it like this because you see many times we want to see what are we reflecting. Brother Ram talks about further on in this message about that little boy. You know, he'd never seen a mirror before and finally he looks and he realizes, hey, that's me in that mirror. &gt;&gt; That's me. And brother Bra begins to tell us about, you know, it matters on how we're identified. You know, we could say, well, I I would have been identified with Noah. I I would have been identified with Moses. But you see, if we're not identified with Christ in this day, we wouldn't have been identified with Noah back there. And to be identified with them was not just to stand around where they were at. It was to actually become one with that message that they were ministering and that that word would have preeminence in their life. There was a measure of God's spirit that was given to them down through the ages to that of the of the true the true elect of God. Remember when Caleb, the testimony that God spoke concerning Caleb, the reason Caleb stood as he stood, God says it in numbers says it in Joshua. He had a different spirit. He followed me holy with his heart. &gt;&gt; It was different. It was it was a different spirit. So God would give a measure. And this is why the prophet would turn right around in speaking these things about being identified. And he makes this statement here in the message. Jesus called the Christ and said, "What group would you have been identified when Paul was correcting those Corinthians back there?" What group would you have been identified when Paul was bringing correction among the Corinthians? Well, it shows. It shows. It shows because it shows right now. It shows in our lives right now. We It isn't about, oh, if Brother Brandon was here, I'd be the most sweetest and gentlest. It don't change. &gt;&gt; Just no more than the rapture changes you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? Oh, if it would have been the Lord Jesus, he's still here. &gt;&gt; Oh, if it would have been Paul, oh my, I I would have said, "Yes, Paul. Uh, forgive me for my ignorance." No. Whatever we do now, because listen, people die, but spirits don't die. &gt;&gt; Men, righteous men have lived and passed on to their reward. But the Holy Spirit continues on to produce the same kind of life in surrender vessels once again. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I want to say, Lord, I'm taking sides with you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Friends, this is is very serious. when Paul would write this and because the Corinthian church was so taken and they they they Paul he would not have mentioned it if the spirit of God would not have dealt with his heart to help to to begin to see they're resting on certain things that they need to understand don't rest on these things the place of rest and the first priority in our life is divine love &gt;&gt; is the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; listen Friends, it doesn't matter. You may never speak in tongues. &gt;&gt; You might never preach. You might never do anything. But listen, don't ever underestimate the life that is filled with the spirit of God that leads you with a passion for the word of God to obey the word of God to press beyond your flesh. Press beyond your circumstances. You want to see a real miracle? It's when you press beyond your own human flesh and you bring your own life in subjection to the word of God. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That's so good. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; But there's got to be something that takes place, something that happens there on the inside, not re relying upon anything else. Paul was not taking tongues away. He was not taking prophesy away. He was not taking away gifts of healing, but he was trying to get them to see, don't rest on those things for your salvation or as a vindication, &gt;&gt; that God is with you. &gt;&gt; All right? &gt;&gt; There's only one proof and that's being accepted in the beloved. &gt;&gt; That's where Christ's own life is identified through you and me. This is why brother Bram says you take he said you take that he said of where someone's speaking in tonesues and still cutting their hair speaking in tonesues and going out here wearing short acting ungodly and their character and everything else and he says yet after that's taken place where they spoke in tonesues prophesied some supernatural thing and you try to tell them that they don't have the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; because what are they resting on they're resting on a supernatural act that the Holy Spirit did through their lives. &gt;&gt; But there's only one place of certainty, only one place of rest, and that's in the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because let me tell you something. God might use a person once and never use them again. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; That's why I'm not going in a rapture because I preach. &gt;&gt; I could sit down, I'll go in the rapture, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Hello. Well, I I mean, I can pull a quote on that, but I'm not doing you're not you're not we're not doing that. You're not listen, even by coming to the house of God. It isn't because you come, well, I'm going in the rapture. But I'll tell you what, if your desire is to be gathered together, and the prophet said, if the love of God's in your heart, you can't wait for those church doors to open. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I'll never forget, you know, and my dad shared this story when he was in council one time and there was a husband and wife and here they were and you know, he just shared and where it was at and it just shows you when the word is made flesh, you realize it's not humanity, it's spirits, it's spirits even that get upon people that want to stand in opposition, people don't even realize it. All right. &gt;&gt; But when that was quoted to these individuals that were just laying out of church and once in a while popping into church, the funny thing about it is is that the sister said, "I know Brother Brandham said that and when he said it, it don't make me mad, but when you say it, it makes me mad." &gt;&gt; You know what the difference is? The word is standing in flesh before you. The word is calling out your error. You can leave it when it's on play and and fast forward it and hear it there on on on the message, but if you're really in tune with God, you'll be able to hear it right through the message. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Come on, friends. It's going to take the love of God. Come on. In rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the truth. &gt;&gt; This is why that brother Ram goes on to say it isn't saying this. That isn't the answer of you know many spoken tongues that they didn't have anything. They shouted and they didn't have anything. Well, brother Samuel, I want you to pray for me that God will let me shout. &gt;&gt; No, you laugh, but I've been asked that. Not here. But I'm not doing that because you see, you might shout once and never shout again. &gt;&gt; But that deserves a greater diagnosis. We believe in shouting. Anybody be around here, you could tell. But shouting is no evidence. &gt;&gt; It's not what we strive for. &gt;&gt; I've said this over and over. Nobody has to tell me after eating turkey on Thanksgiving, go in there and fall asleep in the recliner. It happens. &gt;&gt; It happens. Nobody has to tell me that. &gt;&gt; Right? Nobody has to tell me after you get done eating enough salsa and chips and and cheese sauce, go drink a 5gallon bucket of water. It's going to happen because what I've been partaking of is requiring that out of me. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm talking about. We're shouting and and running and everything else. We believe in all that, but it is brought from and it's a right objective. It's brought from the joy of the Lord in our heart where we have met God's requirements and the spirit of God is anchored in our lives. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's why when brother Brandham remember he said if I if I taught certain things I'd have people running after that. But he said I've got to set before him the giver not the gifts. &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. Now, this is why brother Ram says, "Not any fleshly demonstration or emotion, but something has happened in here that's changed your whole opinion, changed your whole nature. You are converted. Christ has come into you and converted you. Your nature's dead of the old man and you're born again. You're a new man. Old things are passed away. There's a genuine desire and the passion. The objective is is for Christ and Christ alone. It's where he comes in and he changes our opinions, changes our idea. You know, God and God proves all of his own work. Sometimes sometimes sometimes even for lives where the spirit of God look this is why when brother Brandham told us about with Paul, he said Paul went in the desert for that period of time. He already had an experience, but he went in that desert. Brother Ram says it over and over in the Hebrew series. Says it over and over many other places, but he wanted to see his experience in the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He wanted to see it that it matched with the word of God. &gt;&gt; And when he could see it match with the word of God, he submitted to it. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? This is why that you see when God has given sometimes a person can can struggle for a period of time even within their lives and and yet God has brought such a change in their life to where the the love of God has come in and the things of the world has passed away and there's a there's a love for the things of God and as and as it will continue to grow. It's like brother Brandham likens it to a husband wife. He said I love my life my wife more now than I did before. And he said that's how it is when a person is converted. You love the Lord Jesus more now than you did before. &gt;&gt; It's a journey. It's a process. It's not all of a sudden boom everything, but it is a birth on the inside where there's a complete a change that takes place and it works its way to the outside. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; This is where when Paul would write now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity. &gt;&gt; Right? How many believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the greatest. &gt;&gt; Thank God. We We need faith. &gt;&gt; You have and you need faith and we need hope. We don't do away with hope, but hope's right in the middle between faith and charity. &gt;&gt; Because a person can have all kinds of faith and yet not be faithful. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? That's kind of blows our mind almost. How could a person have all kinds of faith for healing, for other things, and yet not faithful? &gt;&gt; It just goes to show you how things can be gifted, but when it all comes down to it, it's God rewarding the faithful that which his faith is operating in our lives. The greatest of these is charity, is love. You see what love does? Love takes a hold of faith. It's love that actually produces faith. Faith don't produce love. Love produces faith. &gt;&gt; Perfect faith, right? And when faith, what does faith do? It gives you a hope, an expectation. &gt;&gt; Faith gives you something to look for. Even when you don't know what's the next step, you get a doctor's report, you're praying, you're looking to the Lord. We don't you don't have you don't have a promise that says, "Well, within the next minute, you're going to be well, or the next five minutes or the next day or whatever." But love will stand there and says, "I don't care what anything else says. I'm holding to God's word." Hallelujah. That love will stand there with a patience &gt;&gt; and it'll take control of faith. Well, I'm claiming my loved one. They might be going this way, but I don't care what I see this way. I know what God's word said that they and their offspring shall be there with them. &gt;&gt; We're standing on that word. &gt;&gt; That's what love will do. In love is faithful to the word of God. &gt;&gt; This is why I want you to listen. I'm just going to read it. I'm not going to put on the screen, but just listen this. Brother Bram talks about how he says to think he said in this hour, this is out of 1948, the angel of God, just listen this. He says the next thing to happen, this is 1948, is the restoration of the gifts to the church. Now it's 1948. 1906 was Isuza Street. &gt;&gt; There was restoration of the gift. So what's Brother Bram talking about here? the and then he said it's the hardest thing I've had to do in this pioneering work. He said is that God cannot give back the gifts to the church as long as his church is divided. We've got to get the church together before the gifts can come. Now the gifts were already here. So it's evident that the prophet is speaking about the divine order of these gifts &gt;&gt; because he goes on to admonish and said, "Oh Christian people, bind yourselves together with one heart and one accord. For God can no more send the gifts to the church while the church is separated than he can send the Holy Ghost unless we're in one accord. For it comes by the Holy Ghost." You see, it takes something. Listen to me now. It takes being able to see something, someone, and that someone is the Lord Jesus. A purpose, a cause that is bigger than self. &gt;&gt; Bigger than our opinions, bigger than ideas. We're going to have our opinions. We're going to have our ideas bigger than our feeling. You're going to have your feelings, but has got to where is our focus at? &gt;&gt; It the focus has got to be on him. a real vision of the Lord Jesus. Now, I want you to think of this here in unity when the prophet is calling for this and and speaking of how this is what was needed in order for God to really place the gifts back in the church is unity. &gt;&gt; That's there's unity that God re requires in home life. There's unity that God requires among us as an assembly. And I want to just say this to you friends that unity itself, it comes first from giving ourselves to that real vision of Jesus Christ to giving ourselves to him. You see, God coming right down through a service and services. There's things he'll deal with our lives. He'll deal something. He may say something to brother Aaron or with Drake or brother Richie, brother Roco. the way God will move and it may not only be something that's set out audibly and all of a sudden Paul will catch something, brother Bill catch something, different ones, sisters and all and what it is God dealing personally with our life and what why would God do it in such a way is so that our lives given to the to the Lord and how that God is calling from our lives then it's us unifying with the word and then the result is if we're unifying with him it's going to show up with one another. Yes. &gt;&gt; You see, it's not us trying to get everybody in line. Let's get all the ducks in a row and let's get That's like trying to put a bunch of kindergarteners in a line. &gt;&gt; Been there and did that for two weeks after I graduated from Bowling Green. I realized I'm glad I didn't get that certification. I love little kids. I love little kids. I love them, man. But I I realized, you know, when I went for as far as for teaching, I guess if I had to do it for a job, God would have gave me the grace to do it. But I realize I wasn't gifted for that. But you know, God ain't trying to line us up like that. He wants to line us up with his word. And if we get lined up with his word, everything else will come through that yielding to him. It makes it so much easier to yield on the horizontal. &gt;&gt; Now watch this. Before the Holy Ghost ever came, the Bible said, this was after his ascension. The Bible said when they went up to the upper room, they all continued with one accord, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; In prayer and supplication. This is where the Holy Ghost came. That's before the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, brother Samuel, it's going to take the Holy Ghost to bring unity." It will take the spirit of God to bring the unity that God is calling for. &gt;&gt; But it's going to take hearts that want to give themselves to that unity and see that purpose and give themselves to God. Yes. &gt;&gt; In other words, the spirit of God is not going to come where there's disunityity. &gt;&gt; He won't do it. &gt;&gt; This is why in the start of Acts chapter 2 verse one, when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. What a miracle. Come on. There was some of them that gathered up there. They had their egos. &gt;&gt; Lord, am I going to be the good one? Am I going to be the one that's, you know, the most requested minister? Am I going to be this and I'm going to be this? And I They had all they had all this among them. I mean, these people were as different as could be. What a representation of you and I. &gt;&gt; I don't care how big or how small an assembly is. It's made up of a diversity of people. &gt;&gt; We are as different as night and day in our flesh, in our makeups. &gt;&gt; Amen. Come on, friends. We all have our own ideas. We all have our own opinions. We all have our own feelings. I'm not faulting I'm not faulting you. You can't fault me for my ideas, my feelings, my opinions. Of course, that's not what I'm going to preach. But we're not here to to try to get rid of or cast out ideas, opinions, or feelings. But what it is, what's the great victory? Is where we can so submit our lives and lay our differences aside. That takes work. &gt;&gt; That takes work. It takes work in a marriage to lay differences aside. We could draw trenches. We could mark lines. We could dig in. We could It take that takes effort, too. But oh, it's just like the frowning on our face. It takes more muscles to frown than it does to smile. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me, friends? See, God takes the simple things to instruct you and I. But what is it? Sometimes we get so into the place and the point of our idea, our feeling. But oh, I pray to God, let the Holy Ghost be lifted up. Let the Christ be lifted up. Let Jesus Christ be exalted. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Cuz let me tell you what'll happen when the spirit of God and lives begin to say yes to the word of God. Begin to let begin to let things go. You say, "Well, I'm going to I'm going to wait for a preacher to bring that." You've got a decision to make. Every one of us have a decision to make. You have a decision. Either you're going to unify with the spirit of God and let things go and let things down or you're going to sit in disunityity. You and I have a choice. &gt;&gt; But I want to I'd like to be like that of where Brother Brandham talked about the fences and the ducks were in the fences. &gt;&gt; Remember what brother Brandham said? Well, what solved the problem wasn't getting wire cutters and going and cutting fences. telling this brother he's wrong and this one you're wrong and you're wrong. You shouldn't do this and you shouldn't do that and you shouldn't do this. God's called me to correct all the all all the preachers in the message. God's called God ain't called no such thing. &gt;&gt; No such thing. There ain't no big one. There ain't no big one. There's some wonderful wonderful brothers, some real gifted brothers that I thank God for. But I also thank God when I look at a real gift, I want to see humility in their life. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? That's what we want to see in one another's lives. the things. Those are things that I think that we could we could just pull back, you know, on things because that's what we want to see is humility. But notice it wasn't cutting the fences. It was the water level. When the water level rose, you couldn't even see the fences. &gt;&gt; That that that's what's needed. But you know what will take for the water level to rise? Unity. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They were all with one accord. They were already in this &gt;&gt; before the Holy Ghost came. That's why the Holy Ghost came. It was the promise of God. But you know what brought them to that? They saw the vindicated word. They had walked with it, talked with it, and heard the promise that the word made concerning their lives. &gt;&gt; And they so became so taken with that promise that they were with, think of this, a paradox in a room without the Holy Ghost was able to lay aside their differences in that room. &gt;&gt; Now, you know what that shows? If they could do that by looking at the promise of God before the Holy Ghost come, how much greater is it when the Holy Ghost does come? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Will it mean that there is not differences? Just read the book of Acts. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There was all kinds of differences, &gt;&gt; right? There was contentions. There was things. Why? Cuz God showed this humanity part would still be right there within the church. But what would prevail is divine love. &gt;&gt; So they were in one accord. It's like it's like that of sheet music. You know, when you think about one accord, it's it's where how that the writer would write of it in this way that it's a compound. This word one accord is a compound of rush along and unison. It's an image that is almost musical. A number of notes are sounded which while different harmonize in pitch and tone. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine if you could take these same notes right here of this song? on Amazing Grace. And if they were all messed around the wrong way, it wouldn't be how sweet the sound. It wouldn't be a sweet sound, right? &gt;&gt; Right. It wouldn't even be Amazing Grace. It might be the same notes that are right here within this first stanza or whatever you would call it. It might be the right notes that you need, but they've got to be willing. This this over here, this note has to be willing to say, "Okay, I'll take my position right here." That eighth note has to say, "Okay, I'll take mine right there." Not demanding position. &gt;&gt; But in order for unity, it has to be willing to surrender for the betterment of the whole. &gt;&gt; You see, that's what when we talk about having a real vision of the Lord Jesus Christ, how can you have a real vision of the Lord Jesus Christ and not have honor for his body? Sure. &gt;&gt; Because after all, that's what he's veiled in is his body. Even in this time, let me just let me just bring it on down here just just a little bit here tonight. I want you to think of this here within within the scriptures where how that Paul would bring some an ad admonition to the Romans of unity. I don't know if you've ever ever studied this before, but I've looked at this many times over the years and how that Paul would work and work and minister to each one of these different churches. And notice how that he'll say this in Romans. Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus. It'll take patience. It'll take the comfort of the Holy Spirit. God reminding us how far he's brought us along. &gt;&gt; It'll take that. It'll take patience for us to be able to hold on and wait for seeing Christ in one another. That ye may be with one mind and one mouth. glorify God, even the father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ephesians 4:1, I therefore, the prisoner of the Lord, beseech you that you walk worthy of the vocation or the feast where you've been called to with all loneliness and meekness, with longsuffering, forbearing one another in love, endeavoring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. This word endeavoring is being diligent. It's almost like a military endeavor &gt;&gt; where you take account of just like it's simple in your home. You begin to realize when's the right time to say something and when's not. It isn't that you got to walk on eggshells. You just you you're making a choice for that evening. Do you want to have a pleasant evening or do you want to dig in? I'm not talking about to the plate either. I'm talking about into the trenches and you know starting you know here we are. We have choices. We have to endeavor. We We need God's wisdom. Listen, friends, surely to goodness, if Paul would write this. It isn't something that you and I are to to pursue in terms of, well, I need to be more forbearing. That's true. I need to be more long-suffering. But where where do those attributes come from? It comes from having more of God. &gt;&gt; It's it's not just chasing out here. Well, I'm going to be more patient. Sure, God will deal with our lives to be more patient. Yeah, more long-suffering. But all of that points to one thing. Lord, I need more of you. &gt;&gt; I I I need a fresh refilling of the spirit of God. Cuz you know what, friends? Let's just be honest here. There's going to be things where people have disappointed us, we've disappointed them. There's things even God will allow to come by our way that will test us whether or not we have patience or not. &gt;&gt; Is that right? Sometimes God will allow character and certain things to be seen. And we'll we'll look at certain things and you got to be careful cuz you can look at something and say, "Ah, there ain't nothing to that individual." But you got to be patient because there can be a real work that takes place on the inside. But God works to bring such a submission and teaching them in their character to submit their lives unto him. It takes it takes the love of God. &gt;&gt; Endeavoring to keep the unity. If there's one thing we want to endeavor with and that that's that Lord I want to endeavor. Watch how brother Brown will say this in a prayer in the message dedication. He says, "Father, bless this little church. Keep the buildings up and may the worshippers gather here time after time every service. May there be such a love of God among them till they just can't stay apart from each other. Their hearts long to come together to the house of God." Brother Ram goes on to talk about how the Holy Spirit that he would take the right place within our lives. May they be so salty as you've said. You are the salt of the earth. May their lives be so rich and wholesome in the Holy Spirit until all the community around about to long that will long to be like them. Grant it, Lord. Make them examples. And then brother Bram goes on to say this. When our services are all over here on earth, may we undividedly hued in our own ways that God has made us gathered together in that great church called the bride. And she'll be caught up from this earthly tabernacle of habitation here. And she'll be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, and she'll be raptured together with him to meet him in the air to the wedding supper of the Lord, of the lamb. Notice Brother Ram's prayer, that first little bit right through there. May there be such a love of God among them till they just can't stay apart from each other. a longing to be with one another. A longing to be I never forget we were years ago we were looking at you know certain model of a home or whatever more and and I I wanted a certain layout and things like that and they were telling me oh we can we can build we can build this come over here. I said I'm not interested in square foot. I'm not interested in square foot. I said I've seen homes that sometimes square footage and they say this but I'm not interested in that. I know what I want. I want I want something to where people where they get it's open. We went over there, you know, you still go over and years years ago and they look at look at this and I said, "Explain this to me." I said, "I've been downstairs." And I said, "There's a little room for a dining room. A little room. I mean, you can hardly get the chairs out. And then you got this kitchen. Then you got this room here. But when I got upstairs, how come all the bedrooms are huge? &gt;&gt; I mean, not just big for a king-size bed, but they got room to sit with a couch and you've got this all done up. And I said, "Pardon me, but it looks like people that live here hate one another." &gt;&gt; Now, it wasn't nobody's house. It was a model. You understand? &gt;&gt; And that woman just looked at me said, "Oh, I see what it is with you. You're a communal." I said, "I don't know. I maybe that if that's what you say I am." I said, "But I know one thing. I ain't spending my life in a bedroom. I like being together with my family. I like being together with friends. I like getting together. I'm not I'm not looking to where I can just come down, duck down, get something out of the fridge, and go back and vegetate and be away from everybody else. &gt;&gt; Listen friends, listen. That's the same way that it is right here among us. &gt;&gt; It's something it's a check part. Oh, that don't mean that much. It does mean that much. Think about when the rapture takes place. that isn't all of a sudden going to change us. And my goodness, I I I enjoy being around one another. If you don't enjoy being around God's people right now, you need to check your heart out &gt;&gt; because it in this Listen, friends, we could rub one another. But if you don't got enough God in your life to look beyond somebody's flesh, you need more of God in your life. You need a fresh refilling of the Holy Ghost because you and me both have shortcomings in our life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Wow. My Lord, where did that come from? &gt;&gt; So, I want you to think of this how brother Ram said it. We hewed in our own ways. Every stone that came into Solomon's temple, it looked different, but it all went into that building. So, I wanted to say it to you like this. What's the What's the goal when we look at it? Is the goal to get everybody on the right? everybody's on the same page that everybody every song leader sings like this song leader. Well, who made that song leader the absolute, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Everybody's got to everybody's uh the the flow of the service has got to go like this. Who said? Well, everybody everybody's got to preach like this. Who said God listen God specializes in blowing up our ideas? &gt;&gt; God don't want us the same. Yeah, that's right. &gt;&gt; If he wanted us the same, he would have all he would have made everybody bald like me and everything. He would have done that. If he wanted every preacher to be like that, he would have done. But God don't want that. He has such a diversity. So why not that we would chase after personalities, but that we can recognize God. &gt;&gt; The goal. The goal, friends, listen. The goal I want you to understand this with unity. It isn't that all of a sudden I'll tell you what, everything brother Bill and I see exactly alike. Brother Richard and I. Oh, I tell you what. This is unity. We see everything just alike. No, that ain't. You say, "Well, when will that be?" When we get out of these bodies. &gt;&gt; When we get out of these right here. &gt;&gt; But until that time, the spirit of God is given to us that we might endeavor to subdue our own will. Subdue our own opinions, thoughts, and feelings. Yeah. Look, look, I didn't say get rid of your feelings. I didn't say get rid of your opinions. I didn't even say get rid of your ideas. &gt;&gt; But you know what? Sometimes where it comes down to is is that do we have the strength within of the love of God to forgo that for the body or is it just about me? &gt;&gt; Is it just about me? Like you take for example a preacher. Oh my well they don't preach me enough at this church so I'm going to go find another church. That to me is like a red flag &gt;&gt; because there's got to be a reason. If they're if you're not getting preached enough, I mean, don't you got enough confidence in the man of God to pray and that whoever God has put there and the pastor and maybe they God God God will lay it upon their heart. It's not just something, oh, we got to give this one so much time and we got to give this one so much time. We got to give We're not we're it's not in our hands to do that. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me? &gt;&gt; It's not about egos. That those are things to me that when you see that I got to be the one or I got to Oh, oh, God. We don't need that. We don't need that. &gt;&gt; Notice this. Paul would admonish the Corinthians. I hear there's divisions among you, but be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment. How could that be without the Lord Jesus? How could that be without them seeing the greater cause? I don't know if you ever read this here and looked at this in the scripture, but it's always stood out to me in Philippians 4:1 when Paul would commend the saints to say, "My my brethren, dearly beloved, and long for my joy and crown, so standfast in the Lord, my dearly beloved, and I beseech, I pronounce her name, Uice, and beseech Cynthia, that they be of the same mind in the Lord." &gt;&gt; Now, it's evident they had a quarrel. They had something they were pulling off. And Paul wrote and said, 'I admonish them to be of the same mind.' What was he doing? Calling them back to the real purpose. Not off, but into the real purpose. What is it? The more excellent way. &gt;&gt; Let's stand. You see, God's entrusted us to be able to recognize the the ability of God's spirit that rest within our bosom. We're taught of God. The Bible says you're taught on how to love. And this is where that when you look at it that unity, unity with the spirit of God. Unity among one another will invite the spirit of God in our meetings. Disunityity, if unity will invite him, disunityity will keep him at bay. Can't you see, friends? Can't you see how that how Satan would love to get in there? He'd like to get into a home. He'd like to get right in here and get differences among one another. I stood back and I've watched over the years how Satan has wanted to so tear this group to pieces. Get this against this and this against this. It ain't people. It ain't people. It's spirits. &gt;&gt; It's spirits. That ain't putting off on anybody. It's spirits, friends. It's just like sometimes if you get the feeling, you get a thought and my goodness, that thought and all of a sudden you feel your adrenaline pumping, that's a spirit that's trying to anoint you, trying to anoint your thinking. But aren't you thankful that the spirit of God could rise up in your heart and say, "Wait a minute. I'm not going to entertain that thought. That didn't come from God." You know what that is? Bringing it to the judgment seat of Christ. But everything that we have among us, it didn't look right here. My goodness. I mean, you know how it is. If we we we get around one another long enough and oh my, I mean, it's almost like, you know, it's almost at times from from years and years. Oh my, I almost want to run. If somebody feels like, oh, brother Samuel, I I sure love I sure love this and I sure love this and my goodness, this is the this is the best. This is utopia. There's not been a good track record with that. A lot of times what ends up being the best thing since sliced bread ends up being gone. I I don't have a there's a lot of com what it is. You know what friends I I really and honestly like brother B talked about personality didn't we try to be indifferent but you know what you don't want to be in love with a man's personality &gt;&gt; because a man will fail. &gt;&gt; You want to be in love with the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; That that's where you want to be in love. We want to we want to be personable to one another. We want to try to reach one another. But let me just tell you friends, we're not going in a rapture because we love somebody's personality. &gt;&gt; As a matter of fact, you're not even really being tested. But what about if God has you in a place and my the personality is just not maybe what you would have picked out, but God has you there because of his choice and you've submitted to that choice. You hearing me? not not about us, but to be able to to submit our own our own will. What about the things God allows things to take place, things that don't go our way? What about it? What about if, let's say, we had a lineup of specials to be sung and all of a sudden the spirit of God would just move in such a way and say, "You know what? Let's just postpone those specials until the next service. I I really feel like we need to move on in." I wonder &gt;&gt; how what would we do? &gt;&gt; Would we be willing to lay aside our idea, our thought, our feeling and yeah truly the uncction of the Lord that placed that special in our heart? Would we be willing to do that &gt;&gt; for the cause of the body? &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Or will we take away? Will we pull away? Listen friends, I want I want to see more of God. &gt;&gt; I want to see more of God in my life. I want to see more of God right here. &gt;&gt; But I realize that, you know, even these things and I every time I've told the Lord, even here this afternoon, I said, "Lord, how many times that I've preached on this subject of love, of divine love?" How many times? And yet every time as I come through it, there's things that the Holy Spirit will just comb right through and just just deal with in such a way within our midst in our lives. But you see what it is, friends, don't we're not we're not here to try to chase after attributes of, oh, I need to be more of this and I need to be more of that. God deals with our heart. That's true. But what we need is more of him. &gt;&gt; If we have if we have more of him, then you know what? Patience will come out. longsuffering will come out. And we're gonna listen, I'll tell you right now, all the way to the rapture, we're going to need it. &gt;&gt; And when I say we're going to need it, it's not just needing it to to to bear with one another, but we're going to need it to stand there on the other side. &gt;&gt; We're going to need it &gt;&gt; to stand there that day. But the spirit of God had given to us the love of God to be able to bring our lives in subjection right now. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; For unity. How many say, 'Lord, I want to see more of God. &gt;&gt; I want to see more of God. I want to see more of God move down in our services. &gt;&gt; I want to see that. You know where that'll You know where that starts? That starts with me and you. &gt;&gt; That starts within your home. &gt;&gt; Oh, brother Samuel, my spouse or this or that. No, no, don't don't fuss with them. &gt;&gt; Just live a godly life. &gt;&gt; Endeavor to keep the unity through the bond of peace. Don't get entangled in things. &gt;&gt; Live a salty life. Even when it comes among us as believers. Look, look, we get around one another long enough, we're going to disappoint one another. &gt;&gt; We get to see one another's humanity long enough. What are we going to do? What What do you do in your marriage when you start seeing one another's humanity? Before, when you married her, all you seem was the curls. &gt;&gt; Now you get to see how those curls are made. That's so good, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Everything before the cake was made for you, the pie was made for you, everything was oh my. Everything was everything was just right. But now, now what happens when you start seeing the humanity of one another, you know what that that's where real true oneness comes in &gt;&gt; is when you're will really start to have to sacrifice sometimes sacrificing thoughts and sacrificing feelings and and just realizing you know what it ain't worth it. It ain't worth it to say something right now. You know what? There's times to talk about things, but you also we have discernment on when it's not time. Lord, you need to have something good to sing tonight. Let's pray. How many say, Lord, fill me, Lord, with more. &gt;&gt; I want more divine love, Lord. &gt;&gt; I want more. Just an overflowing, Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Heavenly Father, your God, I pray, Lord, you can take the pieces, Lord, of of this thought, Lord, that you place on my heart and our hearts, Lord, have been touched and moved, Lord. Not just something where we would respond to Lord or just raise our hands as to say just to go through emotion but Lord from the depths of our lives we see our need Lord and Father with Paul would take such a direction by the spirit of God to help the Corinthian church to see what needs to be the focus. No wonder your prophet would tell us if we would get to focusing &gt;&gt; on divine love, God will call us out, he'll place us, he'll put us just exactly where he wants us to be. Whatever whatever gift, whatever part in the body, whatever we're to do, we don't even have to worry about that. That's something, Lord, that God that you will place us where we need to be. So, Father, in the middle of in the midst of this time, if there's one thing as Paul would write to the Corinthian church, he would come all the way through that chapter 13, giving all the different attributes of divine love. Lord, I'm sure that we can go through that, Lord, and our lives are challenged, challenged, Lord, because we can always see our need for more of you. But then he would come to that place in the beginning of chapter 14 and let them know follow after charity &gt;&gt; and desire spiritual gifts. Pursue it. Pursue the love of God. Chase after it. Let that be the pursuit of your life. Lord, hands throughout this building, mine included, have went up, Lord, to ask you. [Music] I want a fresh refilling &gt;&gt; of divine love. Lord, I need more, Lord. I need more. I don't just need it on Thursday and Sunday, Lord. Oh God, we have access, Lord, to have that refilling in our lives, Lord, our brothers and sisters. Things that we face on the job, Lord. things that Lord that are brought to our attention Lord in families and on and on and Lord God even among us Lord we're a diver we're a diverse people we're different Lord in so many different ways Lord our ideas our feelings our opinions but oh God may we lay those things aside Lord may we lay them aside, Lord, that you can move down in our midst. Lord, I believe, Lord, that the Holy Spirit, you so want to do that that I believe God, if hearts could just say tonight, Lord, move me into that place. Lord, &gt;&gt; I'm not there, but I want to be there. Lord, move me into that place to where I can lay aside my feelings, my ideas, my opinions. They're so strong, but I've got confidence in you, Lord. I need that strength, Lord. I want to be able to lay it aside, Lord. I don't want to hold on to these things, Lord, that would hinder. I need more of you in my life, and there's needs in my brothers, my sisters. There's needs among us, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh father, if when they were building the tower of babel, they were with one vision [Music] building that that tower there was unity among them, but it was a false unity. It was around the wrong thing. Lord, we see that in this hour spiritually, we see that false unity. We see that ride that's been going on down through the ages where it moves from the white horse to the red horse to the black horse and now Lord God in that pale horse ride Lord a mixture a unity but it's a false unity. Oh Lord God, grant it Lord God knowing Lord that this rapture it's upon us Lord help us Lord I pray dear God help us oh God make us tender Lord maybe our hearts have become hardened Lord with cares and maybe disappointments Lord but God I'm asking may the Holy Spirit the great raise of the so may you warm our hearts Lord, I pray God dry back the darkness Lord and the doubt Lord dry back Lord the contentions and the strife Lord may the spirit of God may you Lord I pray just have the right away Lord in our midst &gt;&gt; Lord you would have never came in that upper room if they had been in disarray but they were with one accord Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; It shows there's a measure that lays within us, Lord. And what will give us that strength? Lord, sometimes disappointments, other things can strike and we can go to burying ourselves in things that give us no more strength and nothing, no more spirituality. Sometimes the enemy, Lord, likes to point out failures and mistakes and other things, Lord. But God, may we turn to you, Father, because you've never made a mistake, Lord God. Your word is true, Lord Jesus. They were drawing strength from the revealed word. The same word that had walked among them when they were sad and discouraged, when they were bewildered, as the prophet said. But here you came and you begin to take them on a journey through the word to let them see I have fulfilled the word that was spoken regarding my journey as a redeemer. That gave them confidence. The Bible tells us, Lord, they went with joy to the upper room knowing that the promise was certain. Lord God, help us. We'll never have unity by looking at one another. All we'll see is flesh, shortcomings, humanity. That's all we'll see. Oh, but God, &gt;&gt; give us grace, Lord, that we can get our eyes off of one another just as much as we can get our eyes on somebody with a gift and that's not right either. Help us, Lord. Help us, Lord, to keep our eyes on you, Lord. Help us to keep our eyes on you as the author and finisher of our faith. &gt;&gt; Granted, Lord, I know I know the potential that lays here, Lord God, right among us. I know, Lord, there's parents, Lord, that are holding on for their children, Lord, for their loved ones. There's those among us, Lord, that are sick and body, Lord. There's needs among us, Lord, for the Holy Ghost. Oh, God. Grant it, Lord. May we be willing, Lord, to lay aside our differences, our ideas, and our opinions. &gt;&gt; Oh God, &gt;&gt; grant it, Lord, I pray. Oh Jesus. Granted, Lord. Granted, Lord. Oh friends, why don't you just take hold of El Shad tonight? He's not here condemning. He's here to woo us to his bosom. If you feel like you don't have the strength that you need, why don't you just why don't you just take up into his bosom and begin to draw from him tonight? Lord, I need a draw from you, Lord, down into my life to where I can just be able to live above self. &gt;&gt; Why don't you draw down into your life tonight? Maybe you need the Holy Ghost. Why don't you just draw down into your life tonight? Just say Lord I give myself Lord to you. Lord God let my heart be led to that place of full surrender. Lord God grant it Lord. Oh God what an achievement. What an achievement. We could walk on the water but that's not what you've asked us to do. There could be miracle after miracle after miracle, but Lord, that's not what you're coming to rapture. We believe in miracles. We need them. But what would be the greatest achievement? A people that would come together in unity with God's word, unity with one another. What an achievement by the spirit of the living God. Oh Lord Jesus, help us, Lord. I pray, help us, Lord. Sometimes, Lord, like an old saying we hear, the grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence. We can go from this place to this place and realize every church has problems because there's people. We're humans right here. And Lord, it will require the grace of God moving within our lives. We want to just move deeper in you, Lord. We want to move deeper in you. I don't want to, like the song says, it's not my brother, not my sister, it's me. Oh Lord, it's me. It's me. Help us, Lord. I pray. What an achievement, Lord. What an achievement to be able to be caught away from self. Be able to so submit ourselves Lord on that cross. Help us Lord I pray. Grant it Lord in Jesus precious name. Amen. Could we just could we worship him just a little bit? me. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Let him let him just water it in. &gt;&gt; Thy word. Oh, show me my &gt;&gt; myself and show me my my Savior and let the world live. And let the world live. Let the word live in me. Oh, I want to live. I want to live the way that he wants me to live. And I want to give until there's just no no more to give. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want you love more love till there's just no more love. Oh, I could never ever out love the Lord. Yes, I want to live &gt;&gt; the way the way that he wants me to live. &gt;&gt; And I want &gt;&gt; I want you to give [Music] until there is just no more to give. &gt;&gt; I want to love [Music] you. There's just no more love for I could never ever out love the Lord. And I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. He gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. &gt;&gt; Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Well, he gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Well, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. [Music] Oh, pure and holy, [Music] tried and true. Oh, and with thanksgiving. For I'll be a living. &gt;&gt; Oh sanuual. Yes Lord. Oh for you. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord, just come through our lives, Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lined up with you, Lord. Oh, &gt;&gt; lined up with one another. &gt;&gt; You'll lead us, Lord. Amen. with thanksgiving. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary for you. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord for your mercy. Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Think about it friends. Elijah came to the mountain. Those stones were in such disarray. [Music] But under a vision and a word from God, he put the stones in order. And when the stones were in order, wood in order, sacrifice in order, the fire of God came down and say, "Lord Jesus, [Music] maybe you're an eighth note, quarter note, half note, whole note, but I want to surrender whatever note that I am. Maybe I'm a rest. I don't know. But I want to surrender it that it'll go right on the music sheet. That it won't stand out like they're playing the music right now, but it'll come right together. The notes, the harmony, the pitch, it comes together with such a beautiful melody. May we just so yield of our lives in that way. And you know where that strength comes from? It comes from the Lord. comes from spending time with him, getting in his presence. It's not just something that is just like push button or switch and we need to do this, we need to do that, but it's staying in his presence. And God endows us with the strength and the sweetness, the meekness [Music] to be able to do and actually subdue our own lives to his word. Oh, help us, Lord. Help us, Lord. Amen. How many say that? That's going to be my prayer as I go out of here in this week. Lord, make us one. One with you. Help us, Lord. Give us the strength. Give us the grace that we need. Lord, you might say, "Brother Samuel, it maybe not everybody. I'm not worried about everybody." But Brother Ram tells us God can do more with one than he could even with 10 revivals. Maybe it'll start with one, goes to another, goes to another. that realization begins to break upon one another. Oh God, help us. Help us, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. I'll be a living living sanctuary [Music] for you. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, prepare me. &gt;&gt; Lead me Lord. &gt;&gt; Guide us Lord &gt;&gt; in our own individual lives. Help us Lord and &gt;&gt; in this land of adoption Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh God &gt;&gt; self-sacrificing. [Music] Oh God, sing that it's the body, &gt;&gt; the body of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; spirit of God moving Lord in our midst. Oh God the living. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh Sanuary [Music] Lord for you. [Music] Oh, fill my way every day with love &gt;&gt; as I walk with a heavenly d. &gt;&gt; Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Oh, fill my way every day with love. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Fill me walk blessed Lord in the way thou hast. &gt;&gt; Yes, leading straight &gt;&gt; through that land up above. Oh, giving shield everywhere &gt;&gt; to the sand and the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, fill my way every day with your love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Well, has I walked with the heavenly d. Oh, let me go all the while with the song. Every day with your love. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Keep me close. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. to the side of my savior God and never in darkness. Oh keep my wrath free of wrath and my soul satisfied. &gt;&gt; Lord fill my way every day with your love. Amen. Oh, fill my way every day with your love. Oh, as I walk with that. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with lost grace as soon we'll be home and I'll travel no more but of my home. Oh, let me sing my blessed king all thy way to the heavenly shore. Fill my way every day with your love. &gt;&gt; Oh, just fill my way. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. &gt;&gt; You're dismissed your love. With your love as I walk with that he never heaven be done. Oh let me go for all the while. Oh with the song is smile. Fill my way every day with God's love. Fill my way. Oh, fill my way every day with your love. Oh, well, as I walk with the G. Oh, let me go all the while with a song. Oh, and smile. Fill my way every day with your love. Oh well, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Lord, fill my way every day with your love. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Well, I want God's way to be my way as I journey here below. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, it may lead me to enough. Oh, I want God's way to be my way every day. I want God's way. I want God's way to be my way. as our journey here below. For there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, it may lead me enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. I want God's way. Oh well, I want God's way that my way as I journey here below. Oh, there is no other highway. Or that a child of God should go. Though the road will be steep and rough, it may lead me enough. I want God's way to my way every day. I want God's way. Oh, I want God's way. It will be my way. As I journey here below. Oh, there is no other highway that a child of God should go. Though the road may be steep and rough, it may lead me tears enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. [Music] [Music]
