################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-27 - Church Order 8 - The OTHER Spiritual Gifts 3 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-27
Title:   Church Order 8 - The OTHER Spiritual Gifts 3 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUN_gqJSOeY
========================================

Come live inside of me. Sing it once again. Welcome. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. [Music] Come fill us with your power. Come and live inside of [Music] me. Oh, cuz you're the living water. You're the never drying fountain, my comforter and counelor. [Music] Please take complete control. Oh, we welcome you Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your [Music] presence. Lord, come and fill us with your [Music] power. Come and live inside of me. Let's make it a prayer tonight. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh for we are in your presence. Lord please fill us with your power. Come and live inside me. Welcome Holy Spirit. Just once again. Oh welcome Holy Spirit. Yes Lord, we are in your presence. Lord, come and fill us with your power. Oh, come and live inside of me. You're living. Oh, for you're the living water, Lord. You're the never drying fountain. [Music] Comforter and counelor. Lord, please take a quick control. Oh, we welcome Holy Spirit. Let's all stand tonight. Oh, we are in your presence. Lord, come and fill us with your power. Come and live inside of me. One more time. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with Oh yes, Lord. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Come and live inside me. You're the living. Oh, so you're the living water, Lord. You're the never drying fountain. Oh, my comforter and counelor. Lord, please take complete control. You're the livinging cuz you're the living water. You are the never drying f. Oh yes. Hallelujah. My comforter and counelor. Please take up the [Music] control. So welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Lord we are in your presence. Lord, fill us with your power. Come and live inside of me. Amen. Just one more time, real softly. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome, Holy Spirit. Lord, we are in your [Music] presence, Lord. Fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of me. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, is that your heart's desire tonight? Just want to welcome the Holy Spirit among us in our midst. Amen. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh, my just so thankful that he's with us tonight. Amen. Amen. So thankful for his Holy Spirit. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Oh, it's good to be in church tonight. Amen. It's good to be in the presence of the Lord. Good to be with brothers and sisters alike, Precious Faith. Amen. And so thankful for the opportunity that we have to be here. Amen. No better no better place to be than to be in his house. Amen. Amen. So glad that we don't just have feel his presence here. We can just take it with us wherever we go. My what a privileged people we really are tonight. Amen. Got so much to thank the Lord for, don't we? Amen. Amen. We just have a few prayer requests tonight. Amen. Quite a few. But how many knows that our God's able to meet these needs? You believe that with all your heart. Amen. And then I also want to say it's good to see brother Roco tonight. Amen. The procedure. Praise the Lord. Good to have uh brother Brian Uncle with us tonight. Amen. Glad that he's feeling better and get on the men. Amen. So thankful for him and thankful each and everyone that made it out tonight. Amen. God bless you all richly. Amen. We just Amen. You have to forgive me. I didn't read these too well. So, if I don't read them too good, you have to forgive me and bear with me. Amen. This is a request says to please keep uh Sister Gloria Keith in prayer for safe travels to Ohio. Amen. So, I'm sure you're praying for that, buddy. I know he is. Amen. So, we'll just remember her in prayer. Yeah. Amen, buddy. Yes, sir. Amen. And um this is a request says to please remember brother Brian and sister Barb Hannah for healing as well as sister Sarah Lewis. So remember them tonight. Amen. God just be with them and touch them. Um this is from sister Stephanie says to please continue please continue to pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord. God bless sister Stephanie. Amen. Well, God certainly more able to do that. He is. He is. Amen. He cares. He knows. He knows all about that. This is from Sister Gomez says, uh, "May the Lord work on the hearts of our unsaved loved ones." Amen. Amen. Amen. That's our heart's prayer. Just pray that God is to deal with each and every heart. Amen. Amen. Please uh pray for complete healing for brother Brian, sister Barbiana. Amen. So remember them tonight in prayer that God just be with them and touch them. Also healing prayers for brother Bill who is at home sick. Amen. I know he would love to be here tonight. Amen. But I know he's Amen. Certainly appreciate our brother. Amen. Certainly do. Amen. Amen. How many has any you like to know by Amen. Let's go for hand. Amen. Brother Ben, would you come this time? Leave us for in prayer. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just want to say thank you, Father, for this day you give us, Father, opportunity to come to your house. Father, I just ask that you would anoint our ears to hear, Father. Help us, Lord, to get into the spirit, Father, of what you would have to speak to us tonight. May you, Lord, speak through Brother Samuel tonight to speak a word to us, Father, that would draw us close to you, Father. And Lord, may we just fall further in love with the giver, Father. And the gifts will follow, Father. We just love you and thank you for your word to us. And Lord, that you would draw us deeper and closer in love with you, Father. May that Lord, all the those that need healing, Father, may they be touched, Father. all those who need deliverance, Lord. Lord, you know all of our needs before we even even said it, Lord. And you have a plan, Lord, for us, Father. We ask for healing, Lord, and for unsaved loved ones, Lord. Lord, we know that it takes you to draw on hearts, Father. And we just ask that you would do that just now, Lord, for all those needs, Lord. We just love you and thank you, Lord, for already meeting these needs, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. You may have your seats. Amen. I don't know about you, but I'm ready for church tonight. How about you? Amen. Ready to have a good time in the Lord. Amen. Amen. Man, we've come from all all our work schedules and schooling and everything. Well, some of us do schooling at least. Amen. We just come to worship the Lord tonight in spirit and truth. And let's sing that song at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the cross tonight? Thank you for the blood of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just sing the first verse. Oh, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart rolled away. Oh, it was there by faith. I receive my sight and now I am happy all the day. Oh, at last it did my Savior be in my soign night. Oh, would he devote that sacred air for such a worm as I at the cross? Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart away was there by faith. I receive my side and now I am happy all the day. Was it for Christ that I have done? He groaned upon the tree. Oh, thank you Lord. Amazing pity grace unknown and love the beyond decree. At the cross. Oh at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart roll away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Well, my the sun in darkness and shut his glories in the Lord. And Christ the mighty maker died for man the creature sin. Oh well at the cross. At the cross where I first saw. Aren't you glad about that? They were all rolled away. It was there by faith. Oh, I receive my sight. And now I am happy all the day. But [Music] truthfully, the depth of love I own. Oh yes, dear Lord, I give myself away. It is all that I can do. At the cross. Oh, at the cross. At the cross. Where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart. They were all rolled away. And it was there by faith. I receive my side. And now I am happy. All the days of our trials of grief they can never repay the depth of the depth of love we owe here. Lord I give all myself to you. It is all that I can do. At the cross. Oh at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart. Aren't you glad that they're all rolled away? Was there by faith I receive my side. And now I'm happy all the day. At the cross, at the cross. Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I burst. where we're all rolled away. It was there by faith. I receive my side and now I'm happy. Oh, let's just sing it one more time. At the cross. At the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burdens of my heart were rolled all the way. It was there by faith. And guess what? I've seen my sight and now I am happy all the day. Oh, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, I know he died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was a blood. I know it was all sing and I know it was a blood. Oh yes, I know it was a blood. Thank you, Lord. Oh, for you and for me. One day when we were lost, he died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was a love for me. I sing and oh the blood of my Jes. Aren't you thankful for the blood tonight? Precious blood of my Jesus. Oh, I'm singing. Oh. Oh, the blood of Jesus. It washes away as Oh, the blood of Jesus. Sing. And oh, the blood. Amen. Precious blood of my G. Oh, I'm so glad about that tonight. Oh, the blood of my Oh, it washes. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, that he found you and me. I am so glad. Oh, that he found me, God. Oh, I'm so glad. Oh, that found me and he washed me. Washed me my soul. Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there. Oh, there is you and for me. I saw that one day when we were lost, says Lord. What a sacrifice now in the blood for me. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Sing it. Oh, the blood. Oh, the blood of my Jesus. Oh, precious blood of my Jesus. Oh, the blood of my Jesus. It washes washes my soul. I'm so glad he found me for singing. I'm so glad. How many is glad tonight? Amen. Well, I'm so glad that he found me. Oh, I sing it. I'm so glad. Thank God you found me, Lord. And you wash me white as snow. I'm so glad he found me singing. I'm so glad. Oh, that he found you with me. Oh, thank you, Lord, that he found me. Oh, I'm so glad he washed me. Wash me my soul. I know it was a bottle singing. I know it was a blood. Oh, I know it was blood. I know there was a lot for you and me. One day when we were lost, he died upon the cross. Oh, I know it was a blood for me. Oh, one day when we were lost, he died upon that cross. And I know it was the blood for me. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for the blood tonight? Thank you for that blood. Amen. Aren't you thankful for the blood tonight? Amen. Aren't you so thankful? Amen. That it just washes. It erases everything you ever did. Amen. Anything that you No matter what is, past, present, future, no matter what it is, you got a blood tonight that covers all your sins. Aren't you glad about that? Wow. I tell you what, a powerful access that is for a believer tonight. Amen. Praise God. Amen. I'm so thankful for the blood. Amen. How many thank for the blood of Jesus? Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. I apologize. I didn't have it again down. I'm sorry. I'm so glad he found me. Amen. Let's sing that tonight. Amen. How many's glad that he found you tonight? Amen. I'm so glad he found me. How about you? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let me sing it. You know it. I've done it in a lot. So, Amen. Sing the first verse. Well, I was on the mountain. Oh, I was wondering from the fountain. Oh, when I heard my savior calling me. He said, "Come to me relenting and all your sins repenting and I'll lead you out where you can see how sing so glad he found me." Oh, with love he found me. Put his arms. put his arms all around me. Oh, he led me. Oh, to the shelter. And now I'm one of his own. And oh the joy of knowing. Oh may the hearts of glory church someday I'm going. Oh going to my home. I got glory. I'm going to walk on street f. Oh yes, you came with gold. I like this verse right here. Well, now I'm going to love him never and I will stray from him. No, never. For you see, he's been the dearest friend I ever knew. Oh, I see your best friend tonight. will when I seek him yonder, my love will still grow under cold. Oh, in that lamb just beyond. And I can sing that. So glad he found me. Hallelujah. With the love he found me. Oh, put his arms all around me. Thank you, Lord. And then he left me. Oh, yes, he did. To his shelter. And now I'm Oh, I'm one of his own. And oh yes, the joy of knowing. Hallelujah. With a hearts all going, church, someday we're going. Yes, we're going to our home. We got a home in glory. We will walk on those streets. pay with gold. Let's sing. Let's just sing a verse just one more time. I will love him now. I will love him never and I'll stray from him. No, no, never. You see, he's been the dearest friend that we ever knew. And when I see him up yonder, oh my love will still go thunder up in that happy home. Yes, we all love. We can sing tonight. But we are so glad he found me. Oh yes. Oh, put his put his god arms all around me. Oh, and let him me. Oh, to this message. Oh, and now I'm one of I'm one of his own and all. Amen. The joy of knowing. Thank you, Jesus. With hearts all the glory. Oh, someday I'm going. Oh, I'm going to my home. My home of big glory. I'm going to walk on streets. F. Oh, baby. Oh, hallelujah. Just sing one more time. I'm so glad he found me. Yes, I am. I'm so glad he found me. Oh, love me. Thank you, Lord. He put his arms all around me. Oh, will he let me into the shelters. And now I'm one of I'm one of his own. And now all the joy of growing. Oh, thank you Lord with hearts. Hearts are going someday. Someday I'm going to my home. Holy saints my home glory. I'm going to walk on [Music] street open. Well, I'm going to my home in glory. I'm going to walk on streets made. Oh, paid with his own gold. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Aren't you glad that he found you tonight? Hallelujah. I'm so glad he found me. Amen. Aren't you so glad about that tonight? Amen. That's why we're That's why you're here tonight is all because of him. Amen. I'm so glad about that. And best part about it is we get to go go get to go home with him. Let's sing that tonight. I'm going home with Jesus. How many's going home with Jesus tonight? Amen. I don't know about you, but this whole world, this ain't our home. I'm ready to get out of here. Amen. Let's sing a sword of the sand curse. Will I'm going home to Jesus in the twinkling of night. I made my reservation for an inst. I may not know the moment and I may not know the day but I know that I'll be leaving when he falls there. I'm going home for Jesus in the twinkling of the night. I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know today, but I know that I'll be [Music] leaving. Well, I'm listening for the trumpet. Would you sound any time and a life that's waiting? Thank God it soon be mine. Will I got my invitation through a place called Calvary? By the precious blood of Jesus, church been pray for me. Will I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of the night. Oh, I made my reservation for a mention in the sky where we may not know the moment and we may never ever know the day. But I know that I'll be leaving when he calls me. Well, I know this captain of the vessel. He's a cold cry and get on board. And our destination is heaven. Safe on that crystal shore. We're going to meet again our savior and our loved ones who gone on. We live for all eternity. Yes. I'm sure going home now. [Applause] And I need another moment that I may not [Music] know. Oh, hallelujah. Well, this captain of the vessel, he's a calling rider. Better get on board. And our destination is heaven. Oh, where we'll meet again. Savior and our loved ones who have gone on will and for all eternity. I'm soon going home. Well, I'm going [Music] [Applause] home. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, I'm listening for the trumpet will just sound almost any time and a pound of life that's waiting. Thank God it will soon be mine. Well, I got my invitation. Oh, amen. Calvary by the precious blood of my Jesus. Mysterious been paid for me. Where I going my reservation? Well, we may not go home and we may never but I know. Well, yes. I'm going home with my Jesus in a drinking night. I'm for a manion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment may not go [Music] today. Just a little bit. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, sing one more time, church. We're going home for Jesus in the twinkling of where we made our reservation. Oh, we may not even know the moment. We may not know today, but we know I got one more time. Well, I am going home to Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. I may not know for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may never ever know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when he calls his church away. Hallelujah. Oh, how many's going home with Jesus? Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful that you're going home? How many's glad we're going home? Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad I'm going home. Amen. How about you? Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Well, I'm so thankful for home. How about you? Amen. We got a destination. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Oh, let's just give God just one more hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. We love you, Lord Jesus. We love you, Lord. We love you, Father. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's dance before our brother Samuel comes. Oh, I want to thank you. Thank you, [Music] Jesus, for the grace that you have given us. Oh yes, Lord. For I could never repay, but from my heart I would like to say that I I thank you. Oh, let's just thank the Lord tonight. Amen. We want to thank you. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, for the grace that you love. [Music] Oh, I could never remain. But from my heart tonight, I like to say that. Oh, that I thank you. Oh, let's just sing the Lord just one more time. We want to thank you. We thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, for the grace that you are. Oh, what grace, what love. Hallelujah. Oh, though I could never repay. But from my heart tonight, I like to say that. Oh, that I thank you. And I just want to say thanks. Oh, thanks. Lord, I give you thanks for all that you have done in my life. Lord Jesus, we are so blessed that our soul has found rest. Oh, I want to give you thanks. Oh, I want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you do. All you've done, for I am so blessed. My soul has found a rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. We certainly have so much to be thankful for, don't we? Amen. I tell you, in the the time that we're living in, I often one of the ways I start to begin just giving God thanks. I thank God for being in my right mind. That's true. And I I don't say that for any slide. I'm just saying I thank God in this hour, you know, and thank God for the peace of God. Yes. Because you know, everything that we see many times it people can look so satisfied and content, but you realize that you you you can't judge things by what's on the outside. Yes, sir. What's on the inside itself? Sometimes the things that can seem so fine on the outside, but yet on the inside there's a cry. And I'm glad that within our lives that God heard that cry. Aren't you? Amen. We were like the man in the tombs that he heard the cry of our soul. You know, a lot of the other parts of our life, we said we were okay, but God heard the cry of of our soul. And I'm glad he answered that that that request. And I'm thankful for for his peace. Yes. Amen. In the midst of this time, you know, that's just it brings us such a real comfort to our lives. I want to say thank you to the musicians and u we want to just get ready to turn right into the scriptures. I want to go right back into 1 Corinthians chapter 12. And uh the young people have had a time with me uh you know they they get a they get a laugh out of u wonder what's being preached on tonight and they you know of course when everything changed to church order there and I took a little break from uh from from Job and you know that that was kind of the running theme at that time they said well uh you know guess guess what he's preaching on tonight and I'm not just talking about these guys I'm talking about all all of the young the young people. So, you know, we just take it in stride. I tell them I said, "Well, we'll we just we we get back to those things." But, um I I thought I was really um the last this past Friday, we in our youth meeting, I spoke to the young people on the five comingings of Elijah. And uh I God will give us grace. I want to be able to bring that here to the church as well. uh because there's uh new ones and different ones among us. But, you know, just to hear I was kind of shocked in one way when I hear some of the young people when they were saying they're saying, "Hey, this this series on church order, this has been my favorite series." If somebody would have told me that months ago, I would have said that wouldn't be my favorite series even for myself. But, uh, you know, I think when we look at things, you know, it comes down to when God, he speaks and he ministers to to the needs. He gives clarity a lot of things sometimes that what we're we're seeing and uh we can see and and within it when God gives clarity or understanding it just has a way of settling us you know and that that's what God's that's the whole objective of the gospel every time when we leave here is not that we would leave here in upheaval but that we're settled whether God comes around and there's things that are removed from our life that actually is causing hindrances or uh there's things that for us just to take a hold of in the word of God. That's the whole objective is the is the gospel is rest. So let's read here in the scriptures in 1 Corinthians chapter 12 and verse 4. Paul said, "Now there are diversities of gifts but the same spirit and there are differences of administrations but the same Lord. And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which workketh all in all. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all or to profit all. It goes on to say, for to one is given by the spirit the word of wisdom. We've looked at that one a couple weeks ago. and to another the word of knowledge by the same spirit. Now, I want you to notice how this is worded. It's not men that is doing this. It's not even impressions or feelings. It's the spirit of God giving a special endowment for that moment to meet the need that is present. This is why it's so that's so so so important. For to one is given by the spirit, the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge by the same spirit, and to another faith by the same spirit. And that's what we'd like to look at there is just take that on the gift of faith tonight. Let's just bow our hearts in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, as we just come before your throne tonight, Lord, I know that there are many needs, Lord, that are among us, visible and invisible, Lord. Those that would be streaming, the others would would archive later, Lord. Father, we ask that you would just minister to every one of your children. Lord, you see, Father, with not just us as an assembly, but I know many others, Lord, that just dear God, they're battling with with sickness, Father. Lord, I'm not only asking that you would touch and deliver from sickness, but Father is just impressed on my heart today that you would just move upon the immune systems, Lord, of your children. I'm reminded Lord of a quote where your prophet he spoke about a person that had went to the to a certain doctor and that doctor said well I'm not going to give you all kind this medicine this and this and this but what we need to do we need to build you up so he began to list all the vitamins and the prophet would take that natural example of how a doctor approached this patient and then would obviously speak to us in regards to building up our faith. So Lord, if we can see how faith needs to be built, Lord, to obtain the promise of God, we also know that we're in these bodies, Lord. And you knew, Lord, that we would be here. We need your help, Lord. Father, we could read all the health books. We could have all the health knowledge. And Lord, I know we're not against that. You're not against that at all. Could we even see where Isaiah was? He Lord had that of a mixture of figs that was Lord paste that was put on his eyes. Your prophet would tell us in one message Lord when you spit upon the ground and put that clay upon the eyes he said you used medicine on his eyes because it comes from the elements of the earth. Now, Lord Jesus, we ask that right now, Father, not only for a divine touch among your children, but God, I'm asking, Lord, that Father, you would just restore the immune systems. Lord, may you move down, Lord. I pray for each one, Lord. I think of brother Brian and Sister Barb. Lord, I think of different ones, Lord, that Father, you know, Lord, the touch that's needed in their bodies, Lord. May you move in such a special way. We pray Lord we commit this service Lord into your hands and ask that you would just Lord take Lord the gift that you've placed in my life and Lord give me the grace to step aside that you can speak to us Lord and may our understanding be made fruitful Lord and the needs that we have in you may we recognize your presence Lord and Father we'll give you the pres all the praise honor glory in Jesus name amen God bless you as you're being seated did. I want to just quickly um the uh the rest of the the books and things like that. The uh they should be coming in. I and they were everything was sent out and I've talked with brother George a couple times and so at any time I'm expecting them to come and so there's going to be some kind of some heavy loads that we'll I'll need to toad over here. So, um we're kind of waiting on that. Um but that should be at any time. And I also um I had went ahead and I ordered also uh more of these right here. This is the back part of the church age book. It's the resume. This is the one that um brother George had mentioned. If you you know you're witnessing to someone and you uh you don't want to give them a 400page church age book. Um but this right here the resume even if you yourself you know just just this really gives an overview and showing that organizational spirit and how Satan has worked that false vine has worked all the way through. It's a very good overview and a very good witnessing tool. Uh and that's it's actually the last chapter within the uh church age book that is there. And I always love the last paragraph. This last paragraph is what was inside of the tape covers. That's good. I love what brother says. Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization. I've never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things. But I do have an interest in the things of God and people. And if I can accomplish that one thing, I'll be satisfied. That one thing is to see a rel see established a true relationship between God and men wherein men become new creations in Christ and goes on that to me is just beautiful. That's that's the objective. Amen. That's the objective of this message because that's what this message come to do. The the message never came to to to to bring about crowds and and uh you know and that that we would follow personalities. That's what the prophet was is speaking. He's not contradicting the scripture where Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ." He's pointing it to that we're not following a personality. We're not just following something that oh this is this is wonderful and this is but we're we want to recognize and hearing the voice of God. And then I also so this I asked him I said hey I asked brother George I said do you have this in Spanish? And he said we don't. Because if they had in Spanish I'd have bought these two. So, I've got I've got quite a bit of these coming in in a box. And so, some of them are sitting out there now. Uh I just ask you just make sure that we we don't have to go to your house and there's a stack of these at your house. But these are really what you know as as it's needful, you know, to witness. I also I also had uh purchased uh quite a bit of these tracks. got about a hundred of these coming and I have u uh a good they also they have these in Spanish so I mean that won't do me any good but you know there's we're in where we live and and you know this is where we're called to and so uh I don't know if they have them in French because I have to think about that now and I did get books in French so there was a few few books that I was able brother Barry Coffee rounded up and sent up to me uh in French and so uh I I've done all I can do. But you know, the thing that's difficult is because there's no printing that goes on on US soil. No printing of books. So if you actually want to purchase books, you have to purchase it from overseas and have them sent back over. There's still some remaining remnants that are that are out there. But uh one of the things I want to share with you here eventually, which How many of you are aware of the message hub? The message hub it's called. Okay. So if brother brother Carlos you may help out help brother Gomez out. Um but but the uh the with the message hub the reason we say that is because when I was asking brother George I said brother George what do we what do you do you know in the sense because you know I'm looking at maybe the you know and replenishing books and and things like that cuz um and brother George said well you know and and I knew that there's there's just not there's not any printing you know brother George has that he's the one where I can get the church age books from and he actually is kind of like the conduit that when you go to other churches and maybe they're selling them. That conduit is coming right through Brother George. So, I appreciate him keeping those in stock, but the message hub is actually where you can go to. You can only and I was checking it out the other day. You can, you know, listen to it in in other languages. You select the language and then if you want to read, read one. Um, so maybe if you if if if you're in need of being able to hear in a certain uh language or you might rather read it in a certain language or hear um you can actually go on there and you can actually print out your own booklets on there on the message hub as well as just to just to even read them. I I also need to do this and I'm saying it so that somebody can remind me because if it if it's not down there's no string on the finger, no post-it note on the desk and no reminder. Out of sight, out of mind. And that is brother George gave me a flash drive that has all of the messages that he interpreted into Spanish. So, you know, if you have a flash drive and you know, you can take that home, Sister Stephanie, that that won't do you any good. But you can take you can take that home. and it's right into Spanish. And so if anybody needs that or whatever, we can I want I want to get that in your hands. And so, uh, you can put it on your computer and then bring the flash drive back and and, um, then we'll we'll get it around from there. So, um, I mentioned this. I have a bunch coming in English and a bunch also in Spanish. So, this is a very good, very, very good tool. The water baptism, man, it just How many remember the the wheel? Do you all remember the wheel? one God. Those are awesome. Brother Tim Puit said his family used to when he was just a boy, how they used to actually take that and they would put the Halloween candy in it and wrap it up and give out the Halloween candy. And so when people got home and open up the Halloween candy, it was the one God track. That's slick, man. That's slick. But uh this right here is so good. But I remember when brother brother Samuel Johnson had a track. I've got it in my file somewhere of where brother Samuel Johnson had put together all of these uh points and I'm assuming brother Samuel Johnson had done it like all of the all of the history and things like that on that with water baptism. But I just thought that was it's a real good track uh to have. So um those those will be coming in at the same time. And as soon as we have the books in uh I'm not going to delay. We'll get them we'll get them right into your hands. So, I want to look here tonight at this this thought. And the reason that I just felt on my heart to title this portion the other spiritual gifts because these are not um items that get uh gifts that get focused on too much. Everything's always a lot of times is centered around with tongues and and prophecy. And you can see in the scripture Paul had Paul spent a great deal with those two gifts which prophecy interpretation interpretation is the prophecy. So those things were were were being uh had to really be focused on and Paul spent a majority of time within the scriptures and I'm glad he did uh because if that had if that hadn't happened we wouldn't have no resource to go to. But then when you can see that and you can see how Paul was not just pulling this out of thin air because it was the spirit of God that was leading Paul on how to put the church in order. Uh because you know when you think of it after the revealing of the son of man then comes a five-fold ministry and Paul's Paul's uh ministry um coming and uh moving this among the Gentiles. Paul himself is the one catching that that inspiration of the five-fold ministry and Paul you would read many times in the scriptures where he will send different ones Titus and he would send Titus to ordain elders in cities and to set things in order that we're lacking. You see that in the scripture. So when we see this uh we want to look here just at this um gift and it's the gift of faith. And I want to look here in the scriptures for it says to another faith by the same spirit. So looking at the gift of faith I want to look in the scripture here where it says Paul is writing and he says for I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think. That's a full-time job. but to think soberly according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith. Now what Paul is writing of here is that faith that was once delivered to the saints. That faith that Joe Jude was admonished to contend for. That faith that Paul said that the life I'm presently living, I'm living by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. The faith is the revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally. That is the seal of the living God. Hallelujah. And the measure of faith that God has given to you and I that our lives would even it's operated under this measure of faith. Now this is not our human faith. It's not our intellect. It's that faith that's been deposited that measure that God has given to you and I. Yeah, it's incredible when you look in the scripture because you will find times in the scripture where over and over when we look at this of of the faith and the measure of faith and how that many times it'll speak about God's faith even uh through the seven church ages. But then you'll have when God would point out in one of the ages of how that God took notice of their faith. So we don't lose our faith when you receive God's faith, but it's God's faith that comes down and actually is to be the source of influence over our fa faith. And there's times that even when you look at it that we don't see anything, we don't feel anything, but we act upon God's word. And that acting upon God's word is a display of our faith. We may not have exactly a word. You might have come here tonight. You do not have a direct word from God maybe about your healing or your situation, but you're believing and you're trusting the Lord that Lord, I'm trusting you to speak to my need, to my situation. What is that? That's your faith. But if God allows your faith to even testify, to be displayed in those times, it was when the Hebrew children walked into the fiery furnace, their faith was on display. But when they got in there, that's when God met them. So God will reward us. To think of it, to me, it's incredible how God would send down of his faith even in this hour. Because our faith alone would never be able to stand and stem against the tide. But with his faith on the inside, that same faith on the inside is what gives you and I the strength to triumph daily. Amen. And sometimes our feelings we don't feel very triumphant. But you know it's daily striving just as much as the prophet tells us in the church age book. The same faith that Polycarp and the rest overcame by is the same faith that you and I use on a daily basis to overcome. And so when we look here at at faith and now we're talking about the gift of faith and again the gift of faith to remember Paul would write about how that there would could even come those uh and whether it's true or false that would have faith to move mountains but Paul said though I have all faith hallelujah if I don't have love I'm nothing. So every one of these gifts, Paul starts out in the beginning of 1 Corinthians 13 and lets us know that without love, nothing matters. Yes sir. So these these gifts themselves this is why that as we've been looking at it the gift or a gift one of the nine spiritual gifts working within a person's life and it may be of a great frequency whether in ministry or whatever more is no sign or evidence that that individual is a sealed believer. Right. So the prophet says it this clear. It's only it's only the evidence that the Holy Spirit is there performing these things. Because there's only one true evidence and that is receiving the word for our day. Amen. That means a life that's walking in humility. A life where it has been changed there. a new creation because whether or not maybe w with any of us you might trace back and say my I don't ever think that I've ever been used within that way and uh well don't ever say that you never will be because remember these nine spiritual gifts are not gifts that you come into this world born with it's not like prophet pastor teacher evangelist those are predestinated for ordained but these gifts the prophet tells us when you're in the body, then you're subject to any of these nine spiritual gifts. But you see, it's just like this of a pastoring. Well, that of a pastoring, my the gift is constantly being in use, whether I'm ministering, whether I'm counseling, all of those things. And and the frequency of that, my it's a it's a it it's used quite a bit. But then you take one of the nine spiritual gifts, it's it's not the same frequency isn't there. Why? Because it's on a as needed basis. And you know what? We can't even We in ourselves do not even know what to ask for, but God knows what to ask for. There you go. So what's there in our life that's calling out for a need to be met in our life? It's God who hears that call. It's God who hears that call. And that's why that it's God who drops down and gives that word of wisdom, gives that word of knowledge. And then for the person even if it comes to speaking in tongues even that which would interpret it's not their thoughts it's bypassing that just like this microphone has no thoughts of its own. The prophet tells us in the one place where he said I was standing and the Holy Spirit spoke. He said here come the interpretation after tongues had been given and he said what spoke in it spoke to my heart the pastor shall pray for those that are sick. He said, "But I held it. I didn't I didn't let it out." And he said, "Then it came right back to me again." He said, "I didn't let it out." And brother Ram tells us because of his reverence. He was he because he looked at himself. He said, "I don't have the gift of interpretation. I, you know, he's looking at himself and he's and he's showing us in that particular quote of his reverence." Now, we realize that reverence itself, it doesn't mean, well, I'm not going to give into it, but it was probably was just showing us how things are to be reverenced. And notice he said God went ahead and moved anyhow and the pastor got up and started praying for the sick and brother Ram said shoo you see God was in the meeting you know and uh you know we we we look at those things and it's so what I guess what we're saying over and over with the gifts it's not impressions it's not feelings we we don't we we don't show up and say you know I think the church needs this. That's not it at all. It's God sovereignly moving down and we don't even have a thought about it because the very moment brother Brandham how can that hit every time now this was a prophet now so we find many times as we've been ministering this you'll find these gifts being represented within the ministry of the prophet of God and you'll look and brother Bram will say well the reason it's never failed because I've never tried to put myself into it. I've always relied upon him. And so when we look at this on the gift of faith, I want you just to this pretty much set a a good uh uh background here for us. Out of faith is the substance. The prophet said, now here not long ago, he says, I'll give you a little story of someone who came so you can see what faith is. Faith is a gift of itself. You may have a portion of it, but there is a gift of faith. So now he's separating that measure of faith that we receive by the imparting of God's own life, separating that from a gift of faith. And he says, like some of you people anoint the sick and pray for them and you have a resort. That isn't a gift of healing. That is a portion of faith. But that isn't, now watch what he's saying. That isn't a direct gift of healing. For there's only one direct gift of healing. There's only one direct gift of faith. There's only one direct gift of miracles and so forth. That was in the scriptures. The apostles had it. Many mighty works they done, but there was one gift of healing. Now, what's the prophet speaking of here? that when we're looking at this of a gift of faith, the gift of healing, gift of miracles, that it is not something that is given to a person, but it is God sovereignly working through a yielded vessel to minister to what need is at hand. And that's why the prophet is saying, it's not many gifts of faith, many gifts of of healing. You're going to see as I go onto this quote where it's not someone, oh, I have a gift of healing and I have a gift of this. The prophet said there's one direct gift. Where does that come from? The one fountain of life. Hallelujah. And that stream when it's necessary, that stream, whether it's the stream of wisdom, stream of knowledge, stream of faith, stream of healing, stream of miracles, tongues, prophecy, interpretation, whatever stream is needed, God will see to it that that stream gets to us. Amen. Now, he says like when we leave the city, now he's going to explain it. Many people say, I've noticed in some places after I left them, maybe 15 or 20 will say, "The Lord gave me the gift of healing." Well, God bless their hearts. That's a southern phrase. When they say bless their heart, that means poor thing. That's what it means. Poor thing. That's what it does. Okay. So, when brother Brad is dealing with this after you leave a city, wh why? Because you think about it. Someone when after they leave, they'll say 15 or 20. Well, I got the gift of healing. They're looking. Now, you remember this? Those of you students of the message, you know, brother Brown would continue to tell us this. Greatest battle ever fought. Tell us this in shalom over and over. And he says it, if you just stick with greatest battle ever fought, he says many times, he said, when people see certain things being done, then they try to reach out and say, I can do that, too. And he says, what happens is they end up a shipwreck. That's right. It's the greatest battle ever fought because they're trying to reach out to do something. But to recognize that it's God sovereignly moving among his people according to their needs. Cuz you see, when it comes down to it, motive and objective is everything. Yeah. Yeah. Remember Simon in the book of Acts when he saw the Holy Ghost was being poured out, he wanted the Holy Ghost for what purpose? That whosoever I lay my hands on. That's why the prophet said in 1963 in the token, he said that's why the Holy Ghost is given out sparingly. Now, it's a fountain. Let me just say it like this. It's a fountain that's open in the house of David. But you see this is why God, he's not looking at even, you know, a person can be bowing on their knees at the altar. That's not what God has given the Holy Ghost be based on. Yeah, we believe there is an altar. The real altar, the prophet said, is in your mind where God meets you in your heart. But what is God looking at? God is looking at the heart. That's where the Holy Ghost comes. Is that right? It comes to the heart. It comes to deal with that. And this is why when God is looking upon upon all of all all of that of the needs, then we can look and realize that with these things that God himself, he is ministering according to what you and I have need of at that time and motive and objective has a great deal to do with them. Sure. Now this might this might stump you for a moment. Brother Bram says Balum had a gift of faith. Brother Brandon said, "Many have gifts of healing and they use it and they operate with it, but not according to the word of God and they'll give an account for it." And yet it's it's you've seen people heal. Listen, friends, there's not it isn't like, "Oh, this is all true in here of healings and there's all false out there." Listen, there's many healings taking place. That's not something that's just a just a part of the bride of Jesus Christ. You can look up testimonies and things even on YouTube. You have people you work with, Baptist people. You have others and all of a sudden here there's healing that's taking place in their life. Is that right? And you can find where you know times where people chase after certain things but and and and and and the supernatural is always something that uh you know can really attract people but what is it trying to take me to right after all the miracles. I want to know what you're teaching. Yes. Amen. There you go. Amen. Because when I hear your teaching, that's what lets me know whether it's true or it's false. The miracles can be right on the dot and it's the Holy Spirit doing it. But it's the teaching. Rapture is not by miracles. Rapture comes by the teaching of the word building the people in the faith of this hour. Are you hearing me? There'll be many that are left behind when the rapture comes outside of the seal of the living God. Why? They've trusted in miracles. That was never ever to be the place of our rest. Our rest is in him and he is the word. Amen. That's why the prophet tells us in the message prisoner many other places. Don't ever judge your life by how many miracles you have. You judge your life by the word and what is the fruits of the spirit coming out. Let me finish this this this quote. Some of them say, "Brother Brando, will you lay your hands upon me that I can get the gift of healing?" Brother Ram said, 'I wish I could. Sure. I mean, Moses would that everybody prophesied. You see what Brother Ram's thinking about and what they're thinking about two different things. Brother Ram's thinking about I wish I could because then has healing itself going forth. I I don't want to, you know, speak in and try to step in and try to discern their thoughts or something, but you know, you you can't help but wonder why do they want it? Right. I just read to you out of the back of this book. Brother Ram himself never did it to get a crowd or a following. It was God making himself known that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You know why? Because you can't go in a rapture by an intellectual faith. It's got to come by a real true revealed perfect faith of almighty God. God. And that's why God through the ministry of Malachi 4 made himself alive and real in this hour. Not that we would become smarter, but that our lives would be energized by the living reality of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He said, "I'd had every one of you pass right down this line right here tonight. I'd say there wouldn't be a sick person left in Oakland in a few weeks from now. But it's not mine to give. So it's the gift of faith and it moves through. It's not this possession, that possession. It's one direct line. Right? Now listen. Look at this real carefully. The manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit all. For to one is given by the spirit the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge, to another faith by the same spirit. Now, Brother Brown says a gift of faith is not something you take and do something with. A gift of faith is you just get yourself out of the way. The gift is getting your own self out of the way. Now he goes on to says gifts are to edify. These are key key importance here. Important points tonight. Gifts are to edify. Their additions right now. Every one of us, we know we know what it means to have a main course and to have side dishes. Right. You just pray that the main course is good. You know, I don't like when the soup bowl gets put as main course. Soup bowl belongs as addition. That's me. There you go. That was not spiritual. That was just now I don't mind some soups and but anyhow, the gifts are additions. Gifts are not the main course. In other words, we realize we do not come to the house of God to see wonder what gifts are going to be manifest tonight. We don't despise any of the gifts. It's as they're needed. But we don't we don't have to have a manifestation of gifts to have had church. Amen. Right. Because a lot of the in many of these things, there's really only one sometimes that could be seen and even noticed. We're not against the gifts. They belong in the church. They should be in the church. That's right. Under the direction of the Holy Spirit. But notice it's given by God. They are additions. And notice here is the first and only foundation for divine healing or anything from God is the Bible. If you get off that, you're out of God's will. So he's putting it what is the word is to have the complete preeminence. Gifts though are to edify. They are additions and let me say it necessary additions. Brother Brandon says, "The only thing that is for you is to stimulate faith of the people that they might see God's willingness to heal the people." And now, as far as it comes to healing, it's your faith in God. So, it's not the person who's praying for you. It's not Well, if the prophet was here, it the brother laid it very clearly. It's your faith in God. You see, what Satan would like to do is get us looking over here and you chase this and you chase that. And I'm not going to say that a person couldn't chase this and maybe they wouldn't be healed. And then from there, now listen, I'm never going to take anything away from anybody because if they get help there and then God brings them up to realize that they don't have to travel clear across the country, God is an everpresent help in the time of trouble. Amen. Are you with me? That's why the prophet said after I leave this city, he said God hasn't left. Healing hasn't left. He said your pastor is equipped to pray for the sick. And then he takes it from the platform and he says, as a matter of fact, any son or daughter of God is equipped to pray for the sick. See, this message never come to be it's just lift me up and and come. No, no. This message come to bring you and I to the awareness of who we are. The rights that belong to you and I as the children of the living God. I tell you, brush your weapon off. Your weapon is still powerful in the hand of faith. My is to see God's willingness. Stimulate faith. See God's willingness to heal the people. Amen. And it says your pastor can anoint you with oil in the church and you have faith in God, it'll bring results. God's the healer. No man's a healer. God's the healer. These gifts are only to show what God's attitude towards the people. Oh, I'm glad, aren't you? That God would say, you know what? I don't want you getting the wrong idea. So, I'm going to make sure you know what my attitude is. Amen. So the gifts are God's attitude to the people. That's the kind of attitude I like. These gifts are to show you what God's attitude towards the people to get you people back to believe in God. Cuz if you haven't got enough faith to believe for your sick body, how you going to have faith enough for the rapture? Now remember, don't don't let the devil get on your shoulder right now and just tell him he ain't welcome here. Just let him know that the seat next to you was not so he could sit down. Well, brother Samuel, my mind's going right now. Do I have the faith that's needed? Let me tell you, look where you're sitting here tonight. You came here by faith. Amen. Are you hearing me? And let me just tell you how the prophet said in the church age book. He said, "The grace that you need, the faith that you need will be given to you in the hour that you have need of it." Abraham did not go into the mountain and say with a looking glass, "Yep, I already see the ram up there. Boy, I can walk with faith." He walked as a believer all the way up that mountain. Why? It was a faith that was pulsating in his heart. And God gave, as the prophet said, supreme faith for the supreme hour. Yes, sir. And God himself will supply to you and I the faith that you and I have need of for what? for whatever we face and for the rapture. Let me just tell you something. He is Jehovah Gyra. Brethren and sister, what do you think it's going to do when we see our loved ones? Oh, hallelujah. What do you think it's going to do? It's going to stimulate your faith. When we see our loved ones, then direct quote, you'll know your change is on its way. s. Hallelujah. God's got an order to stimulate faith, don't he? So, we notice that this, you know, this in itself is individual faith. Now, just look at this just just a few moments to lay this in. It's our our own faith, our individual faith. Now I'm I'm coming I'm laying this background on a gift of faith. But remember it's it's individual faith. Brother Bram talks about you know how that you know the Lord Jesus here he was he's already before the foundation of the world when when Isaiah saw him. How many knows when Isaiah and Isaiah 53 when you read Isaiah 53 it didn't say he will he will be he will be wounded. It said he was wounded. He was bruised. Now, you know, you don't have to be the sharpest pencil on the box to know that's past tense. Isaiah was caught up to see an event that was settled in the mind of God. Revelations 13:8, the lamb who was slain in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. Is that right? So now when that is rehearsed of not us going back to where in God's mind but now what God had in his mind it was manifested at Calvary and that same Lord Jesus is manifesting himself to be the same yesterday today and forever. Then brother Brandon said when you accept it Jesus don't come and die again for somebody. He just died once. We accept our salvation. That's his finished works at Calvary. Then now by his stripes we're healed. Why? We know he doesn't come down and heal us each time. It takes your own individual faith. Amen. And let me come back to my point. It slipped my mind, but let me come back to my point. The reason don't let the devil get on that bench next to you is because it is not even about what you think about your own faith. I could give you quote I could stand here the rest of the night give you quote after quote where the prophet saying you were just healed moments ago. You didn't think you had enough faith. So, it shows faith is not a conscious matter. Faith is a subconscious matter. Boy, I'm glad that God looks on that. I'm glad God don't look on our mind and say, "Man, they don't even know if they got enough faith." But God is looking down on the inside. Bram said, "I've heard people talk about gifts of faith and gifts of healing." Sure. The Bible speaks of gifts of healing. But what is this gift of healing? It's a a power being given to a man to heal another. No sir. There's not one man could heal another. So a gift of healing which actually you'll see as we go on works in conjunction with a gift of faith. That it is not that this man himself has the power to heal somebody. Amen. It's faith moving that stimulates the faith of the individual to receive what God's already done. Amen. Amen. Oh my. Now, watch this. Here stands the Lord Jesus in the midst of where he come from. I mean, he's on he's got homefield advantage here. This is where this is where he come from. But remember when all of them all those reasonings in people's minds here he stood. Now think about it. This is the mighty God and he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief. I want to just ask you something. You think Jesus couldn't have done some things? He could have. But you see, you got to have something to sustain after the work has been done. Right. If something's just taken off and unbelief remains, it is a doorway that invites it right back into that life. So the here stands the Lord Jesus. And this is why you see how faith healing the principle is based on our belief. This is why God works to build our faith in the promises. Build our faith up. And this is why when the Lord Jesus stood there, he couldn't do he couldn't do many mighty works because of their unbelief. I just want to say, God, search me out, Lord. Search me. I I don't want I I don't want him to be turned away. I want him to always be welcome. God, if there's anything that would hinder it all, Lord, show me. I don't want it in my life. Amen. I don't want you to be hindered. There's too many needs among us. Amen. That's true. Let me just run through a few scriptures. Here stands the centurion that had asked Jesus just speak the word. And Jesus said to him, "I have not found so great faith. No, not in Israel." His individual faith. He heard, he knew about the Lord Jesus, and he believed. Yes. Right. Now here here you find then another one when remember her daughter was in need of healing and this and this little lady Jesus turns about and sees her and said daughter be of good comfort thy faith hath made thee whole. Now you say well it it was her faith but what was it that stirred her faith. You see what what faith did is brought to her what faith was calling for. Yes. Yes. Oh my. Hallelujah. Notice in here in Matthew chapter 9 as Jesus here is speaking uh to the blind men that had come and he said to them, "You believe I'm able to do this?" They said, "Yay, Lord." See, you believe I'm able to do it? Yay. Then he touched their eyes according to your faith. Be it unto you. Right. Now, let me just stop here just for a moment, God. If you can really see it, God is laboring and working in our lives service after service. Oh yes. Oh yes. But sometimes the things that when you and everyone everyone has to evaluate this that you understand God's trying to build our faith in the word. But what's important is is that this is not a microwave. That's right. It's not instant mashed potatoes. And sometimes where God is working to build our faith in the promises of God and then we go right back out the doors and return to the same old things that actually deplete. Amen. And strip out of us what God has been instilling in us. And then we show back up in the next service. Lord, fill me up. instead of build on what you laid in. Amen. We want to this is a building. He said on this on this rock I will build my church. I tell you what, if I had to keep when they were building my house that the other house that we had purchased before, if I showed up there every day and and they were laying a foundation, then the next day, the next week, I come along, they're laying the foundation again, laying the foundation. I'm going to ask them, "How many times you going to lay this foundation? Amen. That's right. Come on. I know that's simple, but friends, listen. God is working. Amen. You, brother Samuel, you say, "Do you get discouraged at what you see?" Let me just tell you something. It's not going to be my human efforts. It hasn't been with any of these young people. It hasn't been me coming to them and pushing them. Hey, you need to get the Holy Ghost. Hey, you need to I don't do that. Amen. You know why? I got confidence in God that God has to alert it. I don't want them to be confused because listen, they've got to rest where they're at right now and keep moving forward. Amen. It's like when a woman gives birth, is it separated? Is it just, "Hey honey, my water broke next week. We'll be going for dinner tomorrow." When that water breaks, that's the process birth has started in. You see, birth is not it's not segmented parts. It's a process. Amen. Water, blood, spirit. It's all the work of the Holy Spirit. Are you with me? Sure, the Holy Spirit will minister. He calls things out in our life to encourage you and I, to strengthen you and I. He does that. But I've got confidence that God knows exactly how to speak to our lives. Now, listen, maybe you maybe that's how you were spoke to. That's fine. But your experience is not something that becomes the pattern for somebody else. Are you hearing me? God deals with us as individual. This is why, listen friends, this is why many times as fruit inspectors, we've been dead wrong. You've seen fruit all out here and all of a sudden after years go by, you're like, "Where did that fruit go?" And then somebody else that maybe you looked at and all of a sudden fruit's coming out of their life and it was there the whole time. Hallelujah. Oh, may God help us. Well, Brother Samuel, what must I do? Be a believer. Be a real mature Christian who prays for one another. Be an encouragement to one another. Encourage someone along the way. That's what we can do. That's so good. Where in the world did that come from according to your faith? Notice Jesus goes on to say with this little woman say she came up and remember she had need and Jesus said great is thy faith. It'll be unto thee even as thou wilt and thy daughter. Her daughter was made whole from that very hour. Now here they come here here come these uh lepers to the Lord Jesus. And they said to him, now remember when we're coming, we're approaching the word cuz not a man can do this. This is the Lord Jesus. This was the God prophet. If thou wilt, thou can make me clean. Look at their faith expressing it was settled. It was settled. You You say, "What's that like?" Well, that's like the prophet telling us in desperation and in other other services. He said, "Don't come up here in the prayer line and say, well, maybe God will give me the Holy Ghost." He said, "Just stay in your seat cuz God ain't going to do nothing." All right. You see, you can't come up here saying, "Well, I wonder." That's not faith. Amen. But when you come, you must approach by faith. Brother Samuel, I want scripture. How much scripture you want? Let me give you another place in the scripture. When they went back to Jerusalem, they didn't go back sad and weary. The Bible said when they when Jesus had breathed upon them and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." The Bible said after they saw him ascend, there was 120 out of the 500 that went back to the upper room with joy thanking God. Why? The promise is certain. The Holy Ghost belongs to me. The promise is to me. They went rejoicing. That's why you're not approaching God as a beggar. You're not a beggar become a son. You always were a son and daughter of God. And God's trying to minister to you what really belongs to you. Healing belongs to you. Deliverance belongs to you. If thou wilt, thou can make me clean. Jesus said, I will be thou clean. He said in Mark 9:23, "If thou can't believe, all things are possible to him that believeth." What did the angel of the Lord tell the prophet? If you can get the people right to believe you, nothing will stand before your prayer if you can get them to to believe you. You might say, "Brother Samuel, brother Brown's not here." No, but that prayer that was prayed, I'm still benefiting from it. Brother Samuel, I want scripture on that. John 17, Father, I pray for them, not for these only, but for those that will believe on me through their word. What did Jesus do? He reached back in John 17. And the prayer that was there burning in the mind of God was now being echoed out upon earth. The intercession of our lamb was calling out for our fellowship. Father, grant this one thing, that where I am, they may be there also. Glory. Oh my my. But I like how this I like how this brother, he was honest, you know. I don't know to you, to me, I appreciate that. I appreciate how honest he was. The father of the child would cried out with tears, "Lord, I believe, but help thou my unbelief." Amen. In other words, Lord, anywhere what I'm lacking, stimulate. I need my faith stimulated. Kind of like what we talked about them jumper cables on Sunday. God knows how to stimulate your faith and my faith. And many times God will use the gift of faith to do that. That is so good. Praise the Lord. And sometimes that bolt, that surge, Brother Bram tells us, he says, "That's your body, that theophony," he calls it glorified body. It's actually theophony body. He said, "May it give them a charge this morning." Glory be to God in the highest. Notice he said, "Thy faith to the blind man hath made thee whole." Brother Bram says that same Jesus is here tonight. If I can let my faith loose to his promise, then he'll come right back and do the same thing. If you can let your faith loose to the promise, brother letting his faith loose, us letting our faith loose. So once again, gifts what are given to do what? stimulate our faith, to show God's willingness to heal, to see God's attitude towards the people. Just so you know, if you ever want these slides, just see me. I just I drop them to you so quick. I mean, I don't to me if it benefits you and I I mean, I I've got it if you you want it. I mean, but you know, cuz I know sometimes it's hard to write everything down, but but notice, brother Ram, watch how he puts this. Most of the ministers who preach divine healing are usually, all that I've ever met, are great teachers of the word. Some of them just have a great powerful faith. You probably got some of them coming to your mind right now that stood right here. just lay hands on the people and scream out and make the enemy leave them. All right. Now, that's faith. That's a gift of faith. And what do you mean by powerful, forceful? I mean, sometimes you look at it and here God sends in that minister, that evangelist. Sometimes it'll work with them that way. Sometimes God will use I've had it where I've been in in in services. Listen, I I I'm a pastor. That's what the gift in my life. But I've had things where God would would lead me on on a certain service or or things. Maybe it's on deliverance and maybe it's dealing with healing because, you know, when I go out, I'm not out there to preach doctrine and get, you know, mess mess around with different things, but you just always want to be sensitive to the needs of the people. But a lot of times where you'll find as though that forceful and and that that of faith, in other words, where it's that that kind of a service where no is not the option. That's good. It's almost the kind of service that makes you want to rip up the doctor's reports. And sometimes we'll look at it and say, "That's the kind of service I want all the time." But you see, it's on a asneeded basis. There you go. True. This is why even with the ministry and things I you know I I that's that's why I believe with even praying on ministry to have come in. I'm not picking of whose favorites and this. I pray God that you and if there's somebody that I don't know that could be a blessing to the people of God then Lord let our paths cross and also that God would lay upon our hearts what's needed at the time. Because I know if I left this up and we just put out a survey, there's some of you would pick your favorite preacher all the time. Yeah. Is that right? That's right. You've got to have a well balanced diet and God knows just what we need. There's times God might have a man come in and preach and it'll be deliverance services at that time. Why? It is the needs of the people at that moment. You believe God will give that direction? I believe that. Now notice how this will happen. This that's a gift of faith. They believe they're going to receive what they ask for. That's the reason they take a hold of it in that manner. I I think of brother Joel Forny. I think of brother Cadre Digs. You know who else I think of? Brother Daryl Ward. Right. You look at how their ministries are and sometimes you know what then sometimes those ministries and it just shows sometimes the lack of our understanding that sometimes where individuals say oh you know that's not real deep. Well that's not what was needed for that service. It's not what was needed. There's needs for healing at times. There's needs for prayer lines. I don't care how whatever choice that God wants to use, but whatever avenue is so that we can be well and walk on. Amen. And I thank God that he's placed specialized troops in the body. Yes, he has. Hallelujah. Yes, they believe that they're going to receive what they ask for and that's the reason they take a hold of it in that manner. And I admire a man like that. Man like Oral Roberts, aa Allen, many of the men on the field who has great ministry ministerial gifts of the spirit to move in faith. All right. Now, Brother Bram's calling calling some men out and I won't dive into some of that tonight, but you know, when you begin to look at this of how that some of those men and you would think of how things end up, you know, turning around with a Allen and so forth and yet brother Bram would tell us over and over, you hear it on the message. Brother Bram said, "If I could if I could preach like aa Allen, I wouldn't have to have those prayer lines." Why? because he he was able by the word to build the people's faith in the word. Now, now you might say I'm a little bit biased, but I'll tell you what, this message builds my faith. Brother Brandon wasn't a braggard. That's fitting of the scripture, isn't it? The Bible said when the Spirit of truth has come, he will not speak of himself or or glorify the vessel he's working through. [Laughter] That's so good. Woo. Glory be to God. So, it's building faith. My my my God. I'm moving along. Moving along. Now, watch this. Building faith. This is this is key. Remember, brother says, I found those with the gift of healing. gift of faith is what I'm dealing with tonight. And those work, it works hand in hand. But the gift of faith, Brother Brham says they end up being they're real good teachers of the word. In another place, he says, they've got away with ministering. They can corner the devil. And watch how brother Bram, this is why every service is so unique. This is one of the things that even as a minister that you learn, I mean those that would be with a minister. Brother Bram's talking about the in the kinsman redeemer. He had just preached the previous morning on a service that was bringing conviction to the sinner's heart. And brother Bram was wanting to do a prayer line in that service, but he realized when that service turned and it was bringing conviction to the people's heart and sinners were repenting, brother Bram says that's not a very good subject to speak on when you're going to call a prayer line. So in other words, it's very very much so time sometimes when I've been even in other places maybe sometimes the pastor or they'll kind of maybe ask me and say what what direction do you think this going to go? Do you do you think well you know sometimes you don't know how the end of the service is going to go but if I look at the thought and I can look at the thought and say I I think it's going to be a thought that's really going to it's going to minister where there needs probably going to be prayer and things like that afterwards. I don't have to make it go that way but you can see the direction. The reason a pastor would ask that is because they want to know, do I make announcements afterwards or before? That's beautiful. See how those things it's just wisdom working within it because we don't want to we want to hinder that. So notice, brother Ram says, you know, that that wasn't a very good subject to call a prayer line on. You've got to build people's faith to prayer and to God and to having faith. So in other words, being told how sorry we are, it's not going to be a prayer line service. how much we let down. Well, I tell you, I didn't see very many people going up and asking for healing. The service did not go that direction. See, for healing, it will build the people's faith in that place. So, he said, I told brother Neville to announce I'd be speaking this morning on another subject, building faith in people to God. The other words, you know, he said, rebuking people for not keeping the commandments of God. This way it's building people around to have faith in God. So everything has its place. Cuz you see, if this wisdom isn't caught, then the minister will be turned around rebuking the people for not coming for prayer for healing. What is that? Confusion. Then the people already feel lower than dirt. Amen. And now they're being chastised because they're not doing something. Oh, aren't you glad for the wisdom and knowledge of God? Aren't you glad for this? I'll tell you what, real and ministers, they we don't got to go to no training. You meet God on the back side of the desert and God all the way through the message. I've got files of things to how God will use and direct a ministry. You talking about training and teaching. This is real wisdom right here, right, brother? Perfect faith. We want to speak to you upon faith and a different type of faith. Perfect faith. That's a great thing. Now, faith, we're told in the Bible, faith cometh by hearing. Now, you can't be saved without faith. And faith is something that you have to believe it's there. That really nothing else will declare it's there but faith. They said, "I'm trying to bring faith to you so that you can be ready." Hallelujah. For this prayer line, Amen. It's kind of hard to come through a prayer line up here, but there's time. Listen, the Bible said there's a time to weep, time to mourn. See, there's seasons for it. That's why that's why every service isn't a come on up and get saved once again. That's not if there's needs for lives to be saved, let's get them to the altar. Let let's get them to where they meet the Lord. But it's finding what is the need for that moment. That's right. Oh my gift of faith. Let's look here real quick in the scripture. Gift of faith. Acts chapter 3. Everybody all right? There's about 75% of you. Now, I'm not going to read all this. You can you you you're familiar with this account. You can read it when you get home. But in Acts chapter 3, remember here's Peter and John, they they they go into the temple in the hour of prayer and they see this man who's who's sitting there. He's never been able to walk. That man has went out there. He's planning on begging that day, right? And when Peter and them walked by, he you know, he was looking for arms, right? He didn't set down that day with a vision. I'm going to be healed. Right. Right. But he had faith. Are you hearing me now? He had faith. Like brother Brandon says, it took faith for you to get in your car and come to church tonight. See, faith is subconscious. You didn't think about, well, I wonder if my car if I push this button. I wonder if I wonder if you didn't do all of that. Maybe if you had problems with your car, you were. But but but if you hadn't, then it was faith. So this man is expecting to receive something. Yes. Are you with me? But we just got to get it in the right channel that he receives the right thing. That's why God will take our faith. Get it right in the right channel. Now notice in here in verse four, Peter fastening his eyes upon him and John. They said, "Look on us." And he gave heed to them expecting, the Bible said, to receive something of them. Faith. Faith. Yeah. And Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none." Amen. I mean you you know God had to be in control. Sure. Cuz you and I have walked past where they ring ring ring with the red bucket. We you and I have walked past when somebody you know holds a sign out there you know uh give me this or give me that or all the other thing you know and there you know if you give them something God bless you if you don't. We're not repeating that. But you understand they he didn't pull it pack but silver and gold have I none but such as I have. Amen. give thee in the name of Jesus Christ. Rise up and walk. What was that? A gift of faith. It moved down for that moment. That man did not on his own accord have what was needed to rise up. But here came Peter. And Peter, God had used him. And you read on in the scripture in the book of Acts where they lay people in his shadow because God operated that gift of faith through Peter's life. Such as I have I give to thee. What was it? It was the faith of God that moved down that caused that man to be made whole. Right. Peter goes on to say, you know, over here, you know, many were marveling and oh my, and Peter said in verse 12, uh, why are you marveling at this? Why are you looking so earnestly on us as though we by our own power of holiness, we made this man to walk? See what see what Peter's doing? Hey, we don't want no following. We want you to know that. Do you recognize who's here? Amen. See, that's what divine healing, that's when God sent this ministry is that we might recognize that the God who always was is right here with us. Amen. Is that right? Hallelujah. So notice this gift of faith that that operated by and here here here in in Peter's life here how he says uh Peter goes on to say um uh he says it had made by our own power holiness we had made this man to walk and he goes on to let him know verse 15 and killed the prince of life whom God hath raised from the dead whereof we are witnesses. In other words what you saw is a witness. Amen. and his and his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong whom you see and know. Yay, the faith which is by him hath given this this man perfect soundness in the presence of you all. That's so good. My my my time just running out on me. Brother Brandham said, "The great physician who is here," he said, "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay their hands on the sick, they'll recover." If you say to this mountain, "Be moved and don't doubt in your heart, but believe." If he, watch this, if he can create squirrels, who has no way at all or nothing there to believe, right? It's my own faith that goes and does that. my faith in what he challenged me to ask. He challenged me to ask it and I received his challenge in obedience to his word. I asked it and it appeared it. Let me kind of pause here a minute. Go back and listen to speak to this mountain preached out in Los Angeles 1959. When the prophet's going back over this account, you you you'll see the humanness in it. I I think that do I think that would do it real good because of the prophet thinking is that just something talking to my head? What's going on? And even where he's just speak to this mountain 1959. I love I love how brother Bram just brings it out and you see the humanity wrapped within there because sometimes if we're looking at all this, we don't see no humanness within it. We see just a man taking a hold of the promises of God. But if you go back and listen to 1959 Speak to this mountain in Los Angeles, California, you see that. I love that cuz what you see within it all, you see deity working right through frailty. He challenged me to ask it. I received his challenge in obedience to his word. I asked it and it appeared. God in heaven knows that's true. Can't he also heal the sick? What's he doing? Building their faith. Beautiful. If he can lift me with a faith up this way, even for the people, even if they can't climb to that bracket, if they can't do it, he can use my faith. He can lift me to that place. And I'm climbing for you. I'm believing for you. I'm speaking for you. I'm your brother standing as your brother, an intercessor, trying my best to hold you before God. I'm standing right before the white throne now pointing my finger to that bloody sacrifice there and speaking through his name that it's done. It has to happen and it has to happen. You know it's happened. I know it's happened. So do you know it's happened and it's so now watch my faith. Brother, brother Bram, here he is going. I'm believing for you. I'm stepping in for you. Now remember the individuals, it's still going to be their own individual faith, right? That will have to be moved. But here the prophet said, "I'm going to take my faith and put it with your faith." Amen. And where it might be for you trying to look through and see the deliverance, I'm going to climb up there for you. I'm going to believe for you. And I'm going to point my finger to the bloody sacrifice that says it's already done. Tell me, did not this message bring a clear vision and reality of a finished work? John the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed. I turned to see a lion. I saw a lamb. Hallelujah. A lamb that had been slain. I seen a finished work. I seen a redeemer. I seen the one that meant everything. I seen myself. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Couple couple more quotes. Brother Bram says, I talking to a sister. He said, I'll put my faith with yours and we'll lay our prayer on his altar and we'll believe it in his presence. Heavenly Father, I pray for this dear woman as she stands here tonight, crippled, all these things. Father, I pray you'll grant her recovery. God, I'm laying my prayer upon the altar with hers, placing my faith upon the sacrifice, Christ Jesus. and asking that she will be made well. Brother Ram says talking to the Lord, "My brother, knowing that life is very short for you, unless something can happen, you have cancer. Blackness is gathering over you. The devil knows that if you could just use a little faith, he's wept." That's true. Do you wonder why he wants to keep you out of the house of God trying to give us all sorts of things? Listen, you might miss the very service. You might say, "Well, Samuel, I could stream, but it's not the same as being here in this atmosphere right here. It's not the same as the presence of God." Trust me, I've been at home as well, too. It's not the same. If you give me a choice, I'll take this any day of the week because it's licks of fire that's gathered together. Where the Bible said, "Forsake not to assemble yourselves together." You know what that scripture says? It means there's going to be times where we will have to go beyond oursel, our own ideas, our own feelings, everything for what purpose? To honor God's word because he's worthy. And with that, God can supply. Maybe we just need a little bit of faith. Amen. Something to kind of jump our faith. And the devil knows if I can just get them all twisted up, right? because he knows that little bit of faith, he's whipped. That's right. Oh my. Brother Ram says here in three witnesses, he says to the lady, "You're conscious that something's going on." To the audience, that light you see in the picture is real near. The man just as certain is standing there. I've never seen him in my life, but he knows that something's taking place. It's his faith and my faith blending together by the Holy Spirit that's near. So how God would supply I'm just going to stop there. I got more to go on this right here. We'll just finish that Lord willing and going on into gifts of healing next time. But the way that all of this would work put my faith with your faith. So it isn't just we don't need your faith. No, but here my faith with your faith, right? Maybe my faith's a little bit weak and this needs this needs strength. This needs encouragement. Brother Brandham's God supplied brothers for brother Brandham. Brother Henry Gro, right? Brother Bosworth supplied different brothers for him as well because it has to be our faith. But God knows how and when to come and that gift of faith would be ministered to our lives. Listen, you've seen it happen. And it may not have been something that you even thought about, but you know what? You've seen it happen right here in services where the spirit of God has brought healing in people's lives. Gift of faith. Sometimes you've watched certain things, deliverances have come. Faith was built for deliverance. I'm not talking about just not just not just through this gift, but through the gifts that God's brought in here. And it is so it's worked in such a way to where faith has been built to that place to believe God where needs were met. I I I thought about, you know, I think about when um brother Gabriel was in the hospital with COVID there back in 2020 and uh when they he was in a serious condition, And man, I got I got the call or or let me know that he was in a serious condition. He couldn't go nowhere. So what I did is I called him. And when I called him, I didn't just say, "Let's have prayer." But I felt on my heart and I don't know how many minutes on the phone that we took. And you know what I did? I preached the atonement. Wow. Hallelujah. Wow. the certainty within the atonement. That's what was on my heart is to that that that part and then we had prayer on the phone. He was in a serious condition you know what God moved. Yes, he did. Our faith together and God moved for our brother. Amen. There's other testimonies right here through the assembly, but you realize it's God building our faith in the promise of his word. And I'm so glad that God has even where like I said there's ministries to me you can just look at it my you know I love like you know you you can you see like even brother Daryl Ward how and I'm not lifting any man up but I'm just saying how God is able to is they're able to get out of the way and God will work through them and it's such a vital vital ministry in the body he's evangelist and God will come right through that and a gift of faith that works in conjunction with healing, miracles. And it isn't just people that are healed of of physical conditions. But there's also lives that are healed from suicide spirits, from alcoholism, from where they've been cutting themselves and everything else. Healed. And not only has our God healed them, but there was one one young sister had all this from all that cutting that she had been doing. And in one service where God delivered her, here she is then raising her hands. She turns around to look. Every mark is gone. Hallelujah. That had been on her arms. [Applause] That's our God. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that he wants to make known his attitude towards us. Amen. His willingness to heal. Aren't you? Sometimes God will take take a man and he'll come down a certain area, a certain channel, certain ways, you know, and and that gift of faith, it's not confined just to ministers, right? It's not confined just to what's got to be me. No, God works. This is nine spiritual gifts that'll work through the body. But what we're seeing is at times how those spiritual gifts at times it'll work right through in conjunction sometimes with a ministerial gift. Don't you love the Lord? Amen. Just know this, my brother and sister. God knows our needs. And when we get we come and we gather here, this is why that we're not just coming just to fulfill some sort of a duty. Although it is our duty, but we're coming here, Lord, I want to have a meeting with you. Amen. And coming here with our hearts just ready, our lives. Lord, just just speak to us, Lord. You know the needs of your children. God knows just what we have need of and when we have need of him. Amen. No doubt we could witness through this congregation. There's healing that's taken place sometimes right while the preaching of the word's gone forth. There's healing. Sometimes it's it's taken right through a prayer line. Sometimes it's been while someone stood right here at the altar. Sometimes the healing has come all of a sudden here you are. Sister Stephanie has comes back to my mind. Here she is. The one here showing up, the one service. And I was in the back office. And I'm telling you, you talk about commotion out here in this right here. But she had a reason for that. A lot of you weren't here during that time. She comes, she came in here early and her and Sister Pat, Sister Pat, you was in the car with you, weren't you? Oh, God bless your heart. She came in that door. No cane no more. As a matter of fact, that cane's a memorial back there. Ain't that right? That cane's a memorial where she had to have a cane and God healed her of her back just like that. That cane's a memorial. She had a reason to shout. She had a reason to be happy. Brother Bill ran back there and it's probably the only time he ever bust in and disturbed me. He said, "God is healed." Sister Stephanie, right? Praise God. It can drop at any moment. What do we do? Let's just worship him. Let's worship him. Let's thank him because it's certain. Amen. You love him tonight. Musicians, why don't you come? Amen. My thank God for his mercy. Amen. Let's just we'll have a word of prayer and heavenly father. Thank you Lord for your mercy to us Lord. Father we so appreciate Lord how that you've just been Lord you continue to speak to our lives and just according to what we have need of. Lord, I thank you, Father, for how that you would just help us, Lord, is going through these things. I, Lord, how I felt in my heart is it's a lot of where you've just kind of pulled back the curtain and helped us, Lord, to see even to see the working even like what you would help us to see tonight and to understand within services. Sometimes Lord when we've been sitting here in a service and Lord just not exactly knowing which way it's going to go sometimes with Lord some of the brothers and the gifts that you have in the body we can almost Lord when that name that's been laid on our heart to have them and they come in we we pretty much know Lord this is needs these are way things is how you're going to move we don't know exactly but then there's other times Lord sometimes where you'll take a gift and you'll move in a certain direction, in a certain way. Lord, help us. I pray, help us to always find that channel. Lord, just listening last week where the prophet preaches the message divine healing in Jeffersonville and he walked out to the platform and he said, "I was getting ready to come out here and preach Melzdc, great king and prince." But he said, "When I heard the request of so many that was sick among us, I just felt to change what I was going to speak on. and I'm going to speak just he said just going to be submissive to the Holy Spirit. I'm just going to I feel led just to speak on divine healing. And he spoke about all the prayer requests that was given sickness that he heard there in the local congregation. Lord Jesus, it was not brother Brandham taking a thought. He heard it and you caused it to be heard in his heart and he was submissive to your leading to be able to lay aside the study, the notes what he had prepared in order to follow that you would minister to the needs of the people. Now he came back. We know that Lord I'm that message is a wonderful message. Melzdc, great king and prince, wonderful message. But sometimes, Lord, you'll have us just step aside and minister based on certain points and what's right here before us, Lord. Oh, dear God, that's what ministry is all about is about needs. That's why, Lord, even when you lay a a song upon someone's heart, Father, you do that Lord to minister to the needs of your children. Father, how we thank you, Lord. Help us to be sensitive, Lord. Lord God, we don't know how and what way, Lord, we might be used if we're never used. If I'm never used again, I love you, Lord. We appreciate you. The father I pray God you see the needs among your children tonight. We've already Lord had prayer. We've lifted them up before your throne. Now God I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. May Lord their eyes of faith be enlightened Lord. May Lord you move Lord I pray father upon the needs in their life. May their faith raise in that place, Lord, to just accept it, Lord. May it just drop in their hearts. May they water it with thanksgiving and Father, to receive the fruits of it in their lives. Help us, Lord, I pray. Help us, Lord, to be found faithful, Lord. We love you, Father. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's just stand together. [Music] One by side by take the word of God. What you see? [Music] Yes, Lord. [Music] Yes, Lord. [Music] To the winds of [Music] faith. Oh Lord, to a higher plane. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace to the winds of faith. Oh, what's your name? Yes, Lord. And what's your cry? Hallelujah. Oh, what's your mountain? Yes, Lord. That's not true. Oh, just sing the word of God. Yes. [Music] Yes. It will. Hallelujah. For you [Music] will spread your wings to the wings of me. [Music] Walking to a higher place. Oh, do not struggle. It's by grace. Search your face. Hallelujah. The wind of faith will wash thee. Oh yes Lord in the sky. Yes, he does not struggle he does not try. Oh Lord of power. Yes Lord makes it [Music] right here already in the sky. So spread your wings to the wings of you can fly to a higher flame. your ways and not struggle before it's by grace. Set your set your ways to the wind. Watch what you need. Oh, watch your watch your cry. Oh, watch your mountain. That's what you have. Oh, speak the word of God. And I [Music] am for you. So I'm going to send my wings yes to the wind of I can fly in a higher place. Oh, and do not truly by grace I will send my wings to the wind of faith. Oh yes, his eagle will wash the eagle that's in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not shine. Oh, for the power that makes him rise. They rise. It's already already in the sky. So, we're going to set our ways. Yes, Lord Jesus. the wind. Oh, when you came by to a higher place. Oh, do not struggle for it. It's by your grace or set your way to the winds of faith. Sing once more time. Set your wings. I'll set my wings to the winds of faith for I can fly in a higher plane. Oh, do not trouble for it's by [Music] gra to the wind of faith. No, I will not struggle. For it's by it's by your grace I set my wings to the wind of Hallelujah. Amen. I just want to set my wings tonight. Amen. Amen. I think we can all say this tonight that I need more of you. for that's the way it's got to be. Yes, I need more of you till there's until there's no room left in me. [Music] All those wasted. Oh, you're there now. From the start to the finish. Oh, I need more of you. Oh, that's living in me. I need more. I need more. more of you. Yes, Lord. Lord, fill me with nothing less. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, I need more of you. Oh yes. Give me your love and all this world can have the rest. Oh yes. But I could never get enough. Never get enough of your grace, your peace. You're more than your love. Oh, I need more of you. Oh, living in me. I need more. I need more of Oh, let's make it up tonight. I need more of you, Jesus. Well, that's the way it's got to be. Oh, I need more of you, Lord, till there's no room left in [Music] me, Lord. All those spaces, hours, and minutes, Lord, they're yours now. From the start to the finish. Oh, I need more of you. Oh, delivering in me. One more time. I need for I need more of you. Yes, Lord. Fill me with nothing left. Oh, I need more of you. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, give me your love and all the world can have the rest. for I could never never get enough. Oh, of your grace or your peace. You're more than your love. I need more. Oh, for I need more of you, Lord Jesus. I got to have more. I got to have more of you. I need more of you, Lord. Yes, I need more. I need more of you living in me. S before we go. I want to sit at your feet. Drink this cup in your head. Lay back against you and breathe and feel your [Music] heartbeat. This love is so deep. Oh, it's more than I can stand. I melt in your peace. It's all once again. I want to settle. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. I feel your heartbeat. Lord, this love is so vessel. It's more than I can understand. Lord, I melt in your knees. It's We'll just sing once again. I want to sit. Oh, I want to sit at your feet. Drink from this cup in your hand. lay back against you and grief and feel your love. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, this love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. When I need your peace, it's overwhelm me. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our heads and if we're dismissed, Lord Jesus. Lord, how we're so thankful, Lord Jesus. Lord, for that gift of faith, Lord, that the brother was talking about tonight, Lord Jesus. And Lord Jesus, we're so thankful for that, Lord Jesus. The gifts that Lord Jesus you place within the body, Lord Jesus. And we're so thankful, Lord Jesus, that Lord Jesus. Lord, if we Lord, we can have all these gifts, Lord Jesus, of faith and Lord Jesus, and Lord, faith to move mountains, but Lord, if we don't have that love, Lord Jesus, in our hearts, Lord Jesus, Lord, we missed it all, Lord Jesus, I pray that, Lord Jesus, that Lord, may you just, Lord, pour your spirit out among us tonight, Lord Jesus, even as we go, Lord Jesus. May you just, Lord, fill us so much with your love, Lord Jesus, with the love of God, Lord, like never before, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, grant it, Lord God. Lord Jesus, we need you, Lord Jesus. Every or every moment that we wake up, Lord Jesus. Lord, I can I can raise my hand, Lord. My brothers and sisters can say the same, Lord, that we need you, Lord Jesus, that we need you, Lord Jesus. We can't do anything without you, Lord Jesus. Lord, you're the love of our life, Lord Jesus. And there's none like you, Lord Jesus. There's no God like you, Lord Jesus. Oh Jesus. Lord, may you just help us, Lord. You be with us, Lord Jesus. Bless my brothers and sisters Lord Jesus as they Lord tomorrow have to get up in the morning for jobs Lord school Lord whatever it may be. I pray that Lord your presence that we feel this in this place in this atmosphere Lord Jesus may they feel it even Lord even as they go Lord Jesus wherever they may be Lord Jesus and that Lord it be the light and a witness Lord Jesus that Lord you're still that you're alive Lord Jesus and light to others Lord Jesus oh Jesus grant it Lord God almighty God we love you Lord Jesus Lord God we love you Lord Jesus pray bless Sam tonight Lord give him strength in his body for you help him Lord Jesus Lord we just love you Lord God and Lord saying to heal those that are sick among us, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, for it's by your own stripes, Lord, that we're already healed. We believe it, Lord Jesus. Pray you be with us now, Lord Jesus. So we should meet again, Lord Jesus. And we just continue just, Lord, to stay in your presence, Lord. If you never leave us nor forsake us, we love you, Lord. Commit everything to you, Lord Jesus. Precious name. Amen. God bless you, saints. When you're dismissed, go to fear of God. We'll see you Sunday, Lord willing. Amen. Keep the faith. Amen. Oh, I want to sit at your feet and drink from this cup that's in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe and feel your heartbe. This is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I melt in your peace. It's [Music] over. Oh Lord, the more I seek [Music] you, the more I found you. [Music] Oh, the more I love you, Lord. The more I love you, the more I seek you, the more I seek you. Oh Lord, the more I find you. Oh, through the more I find you. Oh, the more I love you. I want to say I want to sit at your feet. Train from this cup in your head. Lay back against your heartbeat. But this love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I melt in your peace. It's all I want to sing. All I want to sit at your feet, drink from this cup that's in your hand, and lay back against you and pray to. Oh, this love is so deep. It's more than I can understand. I'm not in your knees. It's so Oh Lord, this love is so dear. It's more than I can understand. I'm melt in your peace. [Music] over. Oh Jesus, draw me close. Draw me closer Lord to you. [Music] Let the world around. Let it fade away. Let it fade away. Oh Jesus, draw me. Lord, draw me closer closer to you. For I desire, oh, to worship [Music] him, oh Jesus, draw me. Lord, draw me closer, Lord, Lord, to you. Let this world around me or let it fade away. Let it fade all the way. Oh, Jesus strong. Jesus draw Lord draw me closer closer more to you I desire and just worship [Music] worship Jesus Heat. Heat. [Music]
