################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - Church Order 16 - Receiving the Benefit of Correction 1 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-03
Title:   Church Order 16 - Receiving the Benefit of Correction 1 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue7P5A4DMYc
========================================

[Music] change. Oh, to say that you know him. Count up the cost. Take up your cross. Follow him. Take up your cross. [Music] Follow Jesus. Take up your cross every day. Oh, don't be ashamed. [Music] to say that you know him. Count up the cost, take up the cross, and follow him. Oh, let's take up our cross. Follow Jesus. Take up a cross. Help me, Lord. Yes, sir. every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Oh, count up the cost. Let's take up the cross. Follow. Let's all stand together. God bless you tonight. Oh, we'll take up our cross. We're going to follow Jesus. Oh, and take up our cross each and every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Oh, count up the cost. Take up the cross. Follow him. Oh, don't be ashamed. How many knows him tonight? Say that you know him. Thank God I know him. Count up the cost. Take up the cross. Let's follow him. Amen. Hallelujah. I may say that's my desire tonight. Want to follow the Lord. Amen. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Good to see everybody out tonight. Amen. Just want to be in his presence and get to worship him. How many wants to have a one-on-one worship session with Jesus tonight? How may wash his feet, make him feel welcome tonight. Praise God. Read a few prayer requests here. Ask brother Matthew to open the service with prayer. Let's uh take these for the Lord. I didn't have a chance to read these. Forgive me. I'll kind of read through them as we're going. Uh let's pray for healing for Marco Miranda. Also pray uh you got everyone knows he had a heart attack and then tried to go back to work and he uh had another spell and so he was back in the hospital again. They put several stints in his heart. Let's just pray that God move for him. Amen. And and uh reveal himself to him in this time as the great healer and the one who knows all about all the troubles he's going through. Amen. May God make himself known to him tonight. Amen. and pray for uh he was in a and then pray for brother Hoover. Uh how many remember brother Hoover preached for us? It was a year or two ago. Year or two ago, brother Hoover preached for us. Wonderful brother from down there at Jeffersonville and uh he he was traveling to the camp and he had an accident. His car rolled over several times and things. So, but praise God, God protected him. He's he's got several bruises, but he couldn't he didn't get to go to the he didn't get to go to the camp, but he's he's God saved his life. So, we're just thankful for that tonight. Give God praise for that. But just pray for the brother that God would heal him uh completely. Amen. Give him full restoration of health from that accident. Let's remember sister Roseanne in prayer. She's traveling home. I guess she's traveling home right now. She's still traveling home. So let's pray that God's traveling. Mercies. Amen. God be with her and watch over our sister. We appreciate. Love her. Maybe she'll come back and sing a song for us when she gets back. Pray for that. Uh pray for the youth traveling. They're coming home from camp uh Friday morning. They're all going to become the BYC camp. So, let's pray for that. That God would Amen. grant them safe travels as well. Amen. Let's pray that God would deal with our unsaved loved ones. Grant, Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. Amen. And see all the way through the filling of the Holy Ghost. That's what we want to see. Amen. Sister Naomi is asking prayer also again for brother uh for Marco Moran and uh he's in the ICU right now. So, he's still in the ICU. Uh, also uh prayers for um Kirsten Kirsten Miranda. Oh, for healing the hearts. Yes. Amen. Let's pray that God would grant that tonight. Amen. God help the family there. Amen. Give them comfort. Amen. Make himself known to him. Sister Gomez says, "Please pray for Linda Dvilla that the Lord's will would be done for her. Also, uh for another prayer request there for Marco Miranda." So, we're keeping him held up in prayer. Sister Stephanie says, "Please continue to pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord." Amen. God grant that. God bless you. Amen. Another prayer request here for the youth that's traveling home tomorrow that the Lord Jesus will keep them safe on the road. Amen. Amen. How many is glad to see God get a hold of young hearts? Glad there's a camps and things for them to go to and get to fellowship. It's a wonderful opportunity. So, let's just pray that God He provides that for them. He'll provide. I'm sure he'll watch over them, keep them safe. How many has a need on your heart tonight? Maybe you didn't write something down. I want to have a one-on-one meeting with Jesus tonight. I want to I want to worship him. I don't want to just sing a song tonight. I want it to be a worship, an actual where I praise him. Uh like that song says, because of who you are, not because of a blessing, but because of who you are, I give you praise. Amen. If you feel that way tonight, maybe raise your hand and uh pray uh pray for someone around you. You saw their hand raised up. Amen. Let's just trust the Lord tonight. Um, also please keep my mom in prayer. She's in a lot of pain and it's been such a long time and she just wants um healing. Let's pray. Lord, Father Jesus, thank you for everything that you've done for us and thank you for everything that you continue to do, Lord. Lord, we we are unworthy of it all, Lord, but Lord, it's because you loved us that you were willing to die for us, Lord. And Lord, I can't thank you enough, Lord. Lord, far too many times when we're in the midst of a trial, we wonder where you are, Lord. But you're there for us, Lord. Lots of people say that you never done anything for them. But you died for us. You knew all of the mistakes, all the sins, all the ways that we were going to do wrong, Lord. But Lord, you said that's my son. That's my daughter, and they're worth dying for. Lord, help us to do your will and not our own. Lord, thank you for everything. And I ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Church says, "Amen." God bless you. You may be seated. Let's testify a little bit. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. Thank you, Lord. Put that reassur handled way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. Oh, let's trust him now. I put my life in his hand. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. I put my life in his hand. Every road I walk down, I know it's in his plan. In his plan. I put my life in his hand. Oh, he knows what I need. My father knows what I need [Music] tonight. Yes, sir. My father knows just what I need. Hallelujah. Oh, every trial I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need cuz he's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. Oh, he's got it all in control. Thank you, Lord. He put that reassur way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. Yeah, he's got it all in control. Hallelujah. Amen. If the world from you withholds of its silver and its gold and you have to get along bigger things, just remember in his word is how he feeds the little bird. So take your burdens to the Lord. Leave them there. Oh, leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave it there. Hallelujah. Oh, if you trust, never doubt, he will surely bring you out. So take your burdens to the Lord, leave a man. If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain and your soul is almost singing in despair. Oh, praise the Lord. Yes, Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. So take your burdens to the Lord and leave them there. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, sir. Oh, leave it there. Leave it there. Oh, take your burdens to the Lord. Leave it there. For if you trust and never doubt, hallelujah, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave them there. [Music] When your enemy assails and your heart begins to fail. Oh my, don't forget your God in heaven. He still answers prayer. Oh, he will make a way for you and he'll lead you safely through. So take your burdens to the Lord and leave them there. Oh, leave it there. Hallelujah. Leave it there. Leave them there. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave them there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave them there. When your youthful days are gone and old age is still on and your body beneath the weight of care. Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Though, he will never leave you there. He'll go with you till the end. So take your burdens to the Lord. You can leave them there. Hallelujah. Oh, leave it. Hallelujah. Praise Jesus. Praise your name, Lord. Hallelujah. I can leave it there. I'll take my burdens to the Lord and leave them there. Oh, if we trust and never doubt, he will surely lead us out. Take your burdens to the Lord. Leave a man. If we trust and never doubt, he said he'd bring us out. So take your burdens to the Lord. Leave them there. [Music] Lord, I believe in you. I'll believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. Hallelujah. And I'll keep my trust in you. Amen. Hallelujah. So let this whole world say what they may. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe. Sing it up slow. Sing it again. Oh Lord, I believe in you. Oh, I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see you with my hallelujah, deep in my heart, your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you. Oh, and I'll keep my trust in you. Let this whole world say what they may. Hallelujah. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. How many says that? Lord, I believe in you. Hallelujah. No matter what. Let's sing that song. Look for me for I will be there, too. Anyone still believe this one tonight? Amen. Still believe this song? Amen. Trusting we all see one another. Amen. Over there. When you finally make your entrance to that city [Music] of Jasper [Music] and Brock and [Music] when You behold all its beauty and it's splendor. Hallelujah. Brother, sister, remember there's just one request I make of you. Oh, look for me. Hallelujah. For I will be there too. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. By your grace, Lord. Oh, I realize when you arrive, oh my, there'll be so much to do. But after you've been there 10,000 years or a million, maybe two. Oh, look for me for I will be there too. As you go down your list of first, there's no question. Oh my. Amen. You'll want to see your love once more there for you. A man likes a testimony. Amen. And when you feel you've shared your story with the last one. Hallelujah. Who am I? that wants to hear you tell just how you made it through. [Music] Please look for me. I'd like to hear it, too. Praise God. Oh, I realize when you arrive, there'll be so much to view. But after you in there, 10,000 years or a million, maybe two. Look for me [Music] for I will be there too. Oh, help me sing it one more time. Amen. Think about you're going to be there. Oh, look for me for I will be there too. Oh, I realize when you arrive, there'll be so much to do. And after you in there for 10,000 years or a million, maybe two. Look for me. for I will be there too. Hallelujah. Amen. How many's got that testimony tonight? Cuz I'm going to make it. Thank God. He already said I would. The prophet saw us over there. Brother Bill. I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Oh, he walks beside me. Heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. One more time. Oh, yes. Now, I'm going to make it. Thank you, Lord, cuz he already said that I would. Oh, we trust you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, wow. Keep on trusting that he's working all these things for my good. And he walks beside me. And heaven, it's in my view. Oh, I going to make it through. Oh, yes, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do. Oh, I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view. Yeah, I'm going through Jesus. I'm going through. Yes, sir. Well, I'm going through. Yes, I'm going through. I'll pay the price. Whatever others do, I'll take the way with the Lord. Despise you. I'm going through Jesus. I'm going through. Amen. I still love those old songs, Brother. I still love those old songs. Praise God. This one, uh, let's try this one. I uh I think I got this one down. So y'all help me. Y'all sing it for me. We'll all song lead together on this one. No, it's lower now. I saw I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered from me from every fear. He are rad. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Hallelujah. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Rain. Let's try that first verse again. Sought the Lord. Hallelujah. And he answered me and delivered me. Glory from every fear. Those who look on him, here we go. Our radar. Amen. Hallelujah. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Magnify. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Glory. I like this verse right here. This poor man cried, "Lord, and the Lord heard me and saved me from my enemies. The son of God surrounds his saint." Hallelujah. Glory. He will deliver them. them. He will deliver them. Let's magnify his name. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Together [Applause] glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, hallelujah. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he glory who hides in. [Music] Oh, fear the Lord. All you say, he'll give you everything. Hallelujah. He'll give you everything. So magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. [Music] Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day. Hallelujah. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. Forever. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's bless his name forever, church. Hallelujah. Amen. Like this. Also, let's talk about Let's talk about Jesus as our pastor comes tonight. Amen. How many's looking forward to the word of God? Amen. He's going to talk about Jesus tonight. Sing about it a little bit here before he comes. [Music] Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he, the Lord of Lords, Supreme throughout etern. Oh my, the great, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Let's talk about Jesus. Let all the world, let's proclaim, hallelujah, the power and majesty. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's a wondrous name. The babe of Beth Bethlehem, the bright and more. Oh church, here's our heart. Let's sing his praises near and far. Let's talk about Jesus. The bread of life is the savior of the world. The of the prophet and king. The mighty God is he. The well of living water free. Oh, let's talk about him. Let's talk about Jesus. Oh, the rich of peace is the great position to Yes, Lord. Now we're all the pure and wine. The rose of sharing Jesus the shepherd of such tender. Thank you. Here we go. Let's talk about Jesus. Yes. Our rockes the king. Oh, he's the great manuel, the word of God. He is our bridegroom. One more time to come. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of the Lord of all throughout eternity. Oh, the great I am, the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Let's talk about Jesus more and more. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He certainly deserves our praise and worship. Yes, sir. Amen. There's a lot of things we could talk about, but that's He's the one that's worthwhile. Amen. Amen. At the most, Amen. in our lives. The most precious. Amen. Just so good to be together once again in the presence of the Lord. And um just to be gathered together. And um I know u brother Brian mentioned different ones as I know the youth camp will be letting out there tomorrow and um I've been able just to tune in a little bit here and there to see in some of the services and just so thankful for everything that the Lord is doing. Amen. And uh I I just was telling the Lord today in prayer, I'm so thankful for every every ministering gift. And I said, Lord, I'm not saying that as I'm not saying that as one as a part of. I'm saying one who's a benefit of. I thank God for every gift that he's given in the body. And I so appreciate uh one thing I so appreciate is such a balance within the word of God that's you know just pointing uh the young people to a real a real true reality and to minister Amen. the Lord to their heart. So it just is a we want to pray for them. I know many will be traveling back throughout all over the country and um and I want to say I'm so thankful for those uh for the meetings there and uh so thankful for every one of the youth meetings even those that I've never been to before. I'm so thankful that it's Amen. that God has has all of that provided. It's certainly a lot more than when the Lord first got a hold of my life. there was only a few, a handful. And uh sometimes we would, you know, you would travel if you could when they were going to even have like a Saturday or a Friday, you know, somewhere in a church. But I'm so thankful for all the the different meetings that are had. And uh we just thank God for that. We want to just turn our attention here in the word of the Lord here. And um I'd like to just try to go just a little further here tonight and uh to see how the Lord will direct us. I certainly believe that in everything, God always has our best interest in mind. Amen. I I found come to find that in all things. So, uh it's so good. I know I I didn't mention it on Sunday, but it's so good to see Sister Maria here. I was in here on last Thursday and and how the Lord just is moving for her and um I'm going to tell you I'm going to preach with a prayer cloth for your mom here tonight. It just was really it was you are praying there. I just felt I'm going to do that here tonight and let's just join together in prayer as we get ready to approach the word and uh just look to look to the Lord to move here. You've heard that about uh Marco Miranda and uh he really needs just a real touch from the Lord and uh also that God will just continue to move on his heart. As I was talking with sister Anna here today um he shared with his mom, you know, he was uh listening to a message and I said um I said I'm thankful for that and I'm just you know the whole the whole thing is is that is that our hearts would be turned to accept what God has already done. And that's brother Brandham when he spoke to the young people there in come follow me there in that little gathering in Arizona he said uh it must be so imperative it's not to teach he said and train our young people that it's not what you can do but it's to accept what he has done for you and we can accept that and then when you accept that then the works themselves will they'll come out of that acceptance amen because works don't lead to belief it's belief then works follow what you believe. Amen. So, we want to continue to remember them in prayer and also as Matthew mentioned there uh for his mother, Sister Carmen, we had prayer here with her on the phone here just uh some days ago. Actually, I think it was over a week ago. So, we want to just continue to u just remember her in prayer, too. She's really been battling in her in her in her back. Um been hard to get around with her leg and so forth. So, they think it's a I think a pinched nerve, I think. So, um, we want to just ask the Lord just to move for her in a special way. Okay, let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we just take, oh God, each of these requests, there are so many needs, Lord, that, Father, are upon our hearts, Lord, and needs that we have, Lord, that are are wrote, Lord. needs that Lord that maybe Lord as individuals we know from different text threads Lord and just all around the world Lord and Father yet Lord how that you have every aspect covered Lord you are still Lord Jehovah Raa Lord and Lord for these needs that we have here Lord locally in the body we thank you Lord for how that you have moved Lord and been moving for sister Maria Lord And we just ask God as we're so thankful to see her here this evening and Lord there on Sunday we ask that you'll continue to move for brother Dave Crest Lord in his body Lord and that shoulder Lord and we pray heavenly father as well Lord for sister Carmen Lord you you see the need Lord that is there Lord that affliction Lord and where the troubling in her body father I pray may the angel of the Lord just visit Lord the neighborhood Lord Lord, may you move, Lord. I pray for our sister's need. Lord, may you bring, Lord, a real relief, Lord. I pray to her body, Lord Jesus. For Lord, it's by your stripes that were healed, Lord. And Father, we remember, Lord, Marco Miranda as well, Lord. just blow God even in these moments Lord may he just Lord coming into that place Lord to even just to accept what you have done for him Lord I pray God Lord you've never made Lord your word complicated Lord it's very simple Lord may you just make yourself so real to him Lord I pray let him know God that what you did for him Lord that he was included Lord Lord, and may your grace just move upon his heart. And Lord, I just ask now for every Lord God, each one that has children, Lord, that may bear wayward. We lift them up under that same request, Lord God, that Father, you might just become a real, Lord, revealing of Calvary to their heart, Lord. No matter where they're at, Lord, may you touch their hearts, Lord. Let them know, Lord, what you've done for them, Lord. Oh God, for none of us are worthy, Lord. But the pardon, Lord, is given, Lord. And may they just take of that pardon and accept it, Lord. For Lord, there's strength in that pardon, Lord, to rise, oh God, in the newness of life. Grant it, Lord, we pray. And Lord, we just ask as we would look into your word tonight, God, give us grace once again, Lord. May you just direct our hearts, Lord, here in the word and just speak to us, Lord, the things that would be pleasing to you, Lord, beneficial to our lives, Lord, for it, Lord, we want to please you in all ways, Lord. We love you and we thank you now, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hold on, just a second here. I Hebrews chapter 12 is where I'm going to go here tonight and and and and pick up there and I'll have it here on the screen here. I want to go here in verse just read through verse 5 through verse 13. And here Paul is writing and says, "Have you forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children, my son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastineth and scourgeeth every son whom he receiveth." And if you endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not? But if you be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards and not sons. Verse nine. Furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh, which corrected us, and we gave them reverence. Shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits and live? For they verilely for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure, but he for our our profit, that we might be partakers of his holiness. Now no chastening for the present seemth to be joyous, but grievious. Nevertheless, afterward it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby. Wherefore lift up hands which hang down, and the feeble knees, and make straight paths for your feet, lest that which is lame be turned out of the way. but let it rather be healed. Amen. May God bless you. Bless the reading of the word as you're being seated. I'd like to speak uh move into this point. We've been looking at subject to the spirit and I'd like to look at this part on receiving the benefit of correction. And um brother Brandham would spend much time not only within the church order message but in the revelation series um Hebrew series uh questions and answers God being misunderstood in many places brother Brham would take that and this is where that he could stand there in Christ the mystery of God revealed when he's opening that that message and remind the people that we have tapes on the correction and on discipline and how that we are to conduct ourselves and how things are to be u conducted, you know, within in in in church and in the services and so forth. And so, you know, God laid all of that in store for you and I. And I certainly believe that it's more than something that's just rudimentary principles of things of just um words. But I believe to see when we look at what real correction is is to see be able to see what God's heart is within it. Because when God has God has a true motive, he has a true desire. We know that uh within us as as parents there's things that you know we always have to be aware of um our humanity. This is where that David would speak uh even to even to the Lord and say uh chasen me not in thy hot displeasure uh not in thy wrath not in thy anger and to understand as David said lest I be consumed. And those were just insights. And you could see even how that when when Israel had had failed and went astray and did what they did, even after God had already spoke to them and let them know previous chapters on what not to do. Don't don't make anything of the likeness of, you know, the earth and so forth. And here they turn around and they do exactly the opposite. And yet God is ready now to move and to consume them. But it is the spirit of Christ that raises up in Moses life. And brother Brandham calls that that example the power of a believer. And he also speaks to it and says, you see, he says, put the word there before God. God will not cross over his word. And it was a spirit of Christ that was within Moses because uh to bring about what God has laid out in his word, God has provided to us of his spirit which is his word which is nothing different from whom he is. But God has provided for you and I of what it is needed in order that what are what might be brought out of our lives and things that are to be curbed out and and uh uh and transformation take place. God has provided grace to you and I. You know, God has provided grace in our lives that we could even understand ourselves. Yeah, that takes a lot of courage to be able to see that because every one of us, the Bible says, "I'm fearfully and wonderfully made." And just as much as God has made you or I in a certain way and just like he told the prophet when the prophet became frustrated with how uh you know, he wasn't hitting the squirrels in the eye and he put his gun down against the tree. Why am I this way? And the spirit of the Lord spoke to him and said, "I've made you this way." And you realize that brother Brandham in out of the temperaments, brother Brandham will say it over and over and you can pick it up clear as you can with many others through the scriptures. You can kind of pick out their temperament within there. And brother Brandham was very melancholy. Melancholy can fly so high and they can be everything is so perfect, but when they're low, they're low. And so there's a part of that. But see within that when God says I've made you that way for a purpose, it wasn't just that just to say that everything about your temperament is perfect. But God was letting him know there's a part of it that I have placed there that as me dwelling in the midst of your life. That's why brother Bram says in why people are so tossed about. He says when the Holy Spirit has come into your life, he says he sets down in the middle of your temperament. It's him living his life through your temperament. So, it's Christ living his life because God God has a reason. So, sometimes the things that we're looking at and we're trying to get rid of is actually things that you'll never get rid of. But you have to re over it. And the only way we can re over it is to recognize our weakness and our littleness and to recognize that it's not always in some ways a plus or a strength. Abraham was a man of great faith, but his faith could never put Ishmael in the promise. There you go. Strong faith. But see, he had to Abraham had to be taught through through the leadership of the Holy Spirit, God working with Abraham's life throughout that there was the times for that of that strong faith. And we know that that was all energized by God. But it's just like with everything about our lives and and times. I mean, hey, it it it sometimes can be a good thing for a person who's a very uh passive person. Maybe they're the life of the party and whatever more, but there's that sometimes can be a very good thing to to have and then it can be a very bad thing at other times. So, the Holy Spirit leading us and directing us in our lives to know how and when. You know, after all, the prophet tells us that's what the real anointing is all about is to know how and when. And so, we understand anointing isn't a feeling. I I'm not I'm not waiting until I come into this church to be under the anointing. We are under the anointing of the word in this hour. When the Holy Spirit has come upon our life, we have been anointed quickened for the purpose of almighty God. It's just staying in contact with the anointing upon our lives. And so when we look at this here, there is a benefit of correction. And I don't I don't want you to take into thought here tonight of just always that with with correction that it's always about something of you're doing this wrong or doing that wrong or doing or something of you know a belt or a rod. It's much deeper than that. There's ways as we were looking at it last week the ways that God can bring correction and direction to our lives by just even being a lived example. It can be even how that God will come right through the word and there's things that the Holy Spirit will so inspire to our heart and you will catch something and immediately your heart is set to a place to say oh God give me grace in that area of my life and it's God working the whole time and it's not he's not taking a rod to you but it's something you realize that there's an area in your life I need to correct this I need to hone this in and that's something that comes even as we mature because we have to be able to receive receive correction because if we receive correction there's the benefit to that and the real benefit is is that we're it becomes more like God the benefit is is growth the benefit is that God will entrust more to our lives and our hearts so when look I love this statement that brother Brandham makes here in the church age book brother says here here and now he's referring to this portion of scripture we read herein now is set forth the love of God. He desired in love a family of his own, a family of sons, sons like himself. There before him lies all mankind as one lump of clay. And out of that same lump he will now make vessels unto honor and unto dishonor. The choosing will be his own choosing. Then those chosen ones born of his spirit will be trained to conform to his image in their walk. Now this choosing of vessels unto honor and dishonor we understand this is already before the foundation of the world. Even you pick up in Romans nine and you look at Moses and you look at Pharaoh and here Pharaoh himself vessel of dishonor. Moses a vessel of honor. But what is that that brought that display out of honor or dishonor? It was their response to the word of God in their hour. That's what reveals what is really there. See God the light comes to only raise up the seed. That's why when the prophet tells us in rising of the sun, he said the seed ne or the light never came to bring the dirt to life. It only came to raise up the seed where dirt is housed around it. And so it's the seed that the light and the water. It came to nourish to raise that up because upon the ground it's only a temporary thing. Eventually like the ground out here now it's dry and and pretty soon after a time you know winter will come first fall and it'll be saturated again then it'll become cold again and so forth. But the the seed and the germ that's within that those plants, it will live on as it serves its purpose. And there's a reproducing of the life as it'll come back into seed form. And that's the same that's that's God's desire is that the light and the and the nourishment of the Holy Spirit that it's continuing to release what God knew that he's placed within every one of you. So, it's God it's God working in our lives. And you know, here's the thing that to me is just so beautiful when we read that scripture, it it speaks children. It speaks sons. And then the only only word that we read out of there of when it comes to a place of to one that will not receive correction and is without chastisement, it is not a son, but a bastard child. And so what is it that actually brings that into manifestation? It's the lack of receiving correction. See, that's what happened with Abel and Cain. This is what happens throughout. God sends his word to every generation and within that generation there are there are hearts that will rise. That's what brother Bram tells us in um in the Ladyan age and he's speaking of the last scripture that is mentioned there. Be zelious therefore and repent. And brother Bram says, "See, many of the true have repenting to do." And to be honest, that's the only ones that's really going to repent because repentance is not about getting caught and feeling sorry we got caught. Right. That's good. That's real good. This is why that even in repentance. It's not about, let me just say, it's not about just being moved under under under the spirit. It's to recognize our wrong. And repentance means turn from it. Amen. There's already a turning from and not not a not just a it's almost like an unloading and then we and then we pick up with the same thing that we repented of. No, that's not true repentance. True repentance is to turn from that which where we were. And so that's the same way as it continues throughout our life and our walk with God. And there's a choosing. And I I I love how the prophet says, "Those chosen ones born of his spirit will be trained to conform to his image in their walk." Training is a huge thing. He goes on to say, "He reproves with longsuffering and gentleness and mercy. He chasens with nail scarred hands." Listen, God had God uh uh omnis and having all knowledge, but God never had the experience of what it was like to walk here and to go through the the the the journey, all the journey the whole way through. He understands what it's like of all the challenges of of a teenager. He understands what all of those those places are like. He he understands all of that and he understands even what it is for our lives of how then even within our lives how even after God begins to deal with our life the spirit of the Lord taking over he understands listen when he went back to glory and the body was caught back up he never left that understanding on the earth he took that understanding back that's why the Bible says says that he's a high priest that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. He suffered is all points. The word suffered means he went through a sensible experience. So he understands what you and I go through. And this is why Satan always wants to try to uh get between you and your sacrifice, get between you and your high priest. But I wanted to say to you is is that you have the authority to to make sure there's nothing that stands there. And if there is something that would happen to get in there, go to him quickly and he is there to resolve whatever is there. And he understands even as we're coming in to situations, even with things in our life, when we look in our own lives and say, "Lord, this is difficult on me. Lord, this is hard. This is a this is a challenging brother Samuel. That's not being very positive. Listen, we're talking about a high priest who is merciful and faithful. And God wants you and I to be honest. As a matter of fact, the prophet says with people being honest, oh, what God can do when people are honest with him. Hallelujah. And if we can't be honest with him, how can we be honest with one another? God's not looking down on you or I. Lord, I'm tempted in this area. Lord, this is He's looking down. He's there to minister to you. And I I I'm listen friends. I say that we need to take the other aspect that's provided for us instead of always looking to the throne of grace of Lord forgive me. How about let's take the rest of that scripture that we might find help in the time of need. Instead of waiting till we're overcome, let's go to him and say, "Lord, I need help right now, Lord. I need grace right now, Lord. You know what that's part of? That's part of maturing. That's part of recognizing that I'm not my own. I belong to him. It's part of recognizing that I need and I'm depending on him. I can do nothing in myself. But what I see the father doing that doeth the son likewise. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. He reproves. Notice with an understanding, right? is not just pow, he chasens. God is very patient. This next one is very, it's a very challenging thing. Sometimes this potter must take the vessel he is working on and thoroughly break it down in order that he may rebuild it exactly as he desires it. Amen. I've pondered this quote for many years and just looked at this statement and I just you know in my heart I've said oh God is undoubtedly there's areas even in our lives that God has allowed us to be thoroughly broken down and sometimes even in this aspect of it God has to allow a life to get to a place thoroughly broke down to where there's no other reliance we're not relying on anything else because why God's 's desire is to build us in his image, in his likeness. God is not making a patchwork quilt. He doesn't It's not It's not our nature mixing with his nature. That'll never work. But it must be his nature manifesting victory over our nature. That's subjection. That's the real victory there of Calvary. You're right. So I want you to think of this just thoroughly. He says but it's love. It's his love. Another way of his love there is not there cannot be. So with an with with the discipline the prophet tells us here even in the church age book he tells us that God disciplines with the subject's amendment in mind. So it's not about the temporary uh but it's it's the long term. Right? It's it it be it's dealing with what's here because if this is allowed to go on here, where will it be on down the road? So good. Right. That's why brother Brandham, he'll use examples throughout the message. You can comb through and find him. And brother Brand will talk about a young man has been able to get his way and he'll throw himself on the floor and everything else. And brother Bram says that that young man, he says if he gets married, he'll make hell on earth for his wife. You know why? He's been used to getting his own way. He knows how to, you know, contort the faith or or do this or the silent treatment or the He just is at a way. And you know what? What's fostered that has been the upbringing, right? Instead of just, you know, the buckling down and realizing that to see something that it's greater than what we're seeing here, then what does that lead to further on down the line? Because listen, this is why, as I've explained to you before, when I'm sighting in the guns or I'm sighting in the bow, I I don't take I don't take a shot at 40 yards with with the bow. I start out marking it with the pin at 5 yards because if I can get it set at five yards, then I can set the other pins off of that. In other words, if it's hitting on target close, it'll hit on target further. Hallelujah. And it'll the adjustment will be made. And that's the way God deals with our lives is hitting on the mark in the little things, in the small things, and then in the bigger things, it'll be right on target. Amen. Thank you, Lord. That's so good. Now, I referenced this to you last week that this is one of the just a statement just just so the Lord just so pressed in my heart even of having this quote for some time for months and just looking at this last week and it's these two words instructors and not bosses just just be because as as we look at this brother Bram said God never sent brother Neville and I to be bosses not at Paul, we're just your brothers, you see, instructors in the gospel. So, let's all work together. What's what's the objective? Look what look what Paul's desire was within the Galatian church was not that they would become Paulites. That they would become many Paul's and act like Paul. It wasn't. Paul was a real unic. His desire was that it would be Christ formed in you. Right? It was a desire to see Christ manifested in the lives of the people. Think about that even in the in in the regards of even of our own children because every one of them are every one of them. I think of our three boys, they're all different yet they're they're they're very much alike. But even in my approach with all all three of them, they're different. even in their temperaments and their makeups and and how things are and everything yet within itself is a desire to to to God give me the wisdom on how to instruct them that the potential you placed within them might come out within its season and its time. It's an instructing because God knows about you or I. God knows what we have need of even in this hour and in this season. Praise the Lord. And a boss, a boss has no a boss has no investment. Yeah. You know, they're there. It's okay. It's just exchange in and out. It's just But but an instructor is one. I mean, to me, let me just say like this. When I was when I was teaching school, you know, the thing that I wanted to see is where the kids would come to a place of mastery in what I was teaching them to where that they would not just repeating it cuz that that would never work when they would become tested on on on the test and things and we could go and talk about all that, but but they need to be able to take think critically. They need to be able to decipher things and and go into there. The skills are necessary but you also have to be able to go into thing because life itself is word problems. That's true. Yes, sir. Is that right? That's good. Yeah. You know, and so when we're looking at that is that the desire that would burn within my heart is that I wanted them to be able to stand on their own two feet and be able to go through and and and to master those things that were being taught. Oh my. You know, some days I I would come home and my on my way home from some dusky I thought my it's man it's going I mean it's man this is this is just man we're we're just like a step ahead cuz I always knew where I was at even from the previous year and I would take previous challenges and and try to say okay what can I learn from this in approaching this year but then I'd come into the next week and man we're going going and all of a sudden on Friday you'd be in the middle of teaching and where did these kids come from who let the ones out that was here the other two weeks that I was saying my they're right on target. My they're making such progress. Let me just say it was like fractions or something. Oh my this and that and I think what happened who who who let them in and who let the others out and and man my here you are on a Friday my just be so down and my you know and I think oh no is the concept lost but we recognize there's a there's a there that that burden was there because you're wanting to see them grasp the concepts and be able to apply it right and how much greater God our heavenly father the the Holy Spirit. God's desire is to see his word reflected in our lives. Not just doing what's right because it's right because that's still wrong. Amen. But it's to do it from our heart. Amen. Amen. And the way that his word would come into our heart and our life is, Lord, I want to give myself to you, Lord. I want to adhere to that. I want to give myself because because it's got to be more than just what I know intellectually is right. It's got to be from the heart. That's the truth. That's what God works upon. That's what correction comes for is to drive foolishness out of the heart. Not just so that the outside looks exactly right and going through the part. But God wants a real image and an image that's durable. An image that is substance. an image when the word and it are placed on the balance of his word, it is held the same substance of character. Amen. It's God's desire. I say, "Oh God, grant him, Lord." So to be not bosses but instructors, look at this scripture. I read this to you last week. Ye fathers, now I want you to be fa look at this very carefully. you fathers. And yet it's it's parents included in your even in the previous verses. But fathers, the responsibility, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. Let me just pull it up in the amplified. Fathers, do not irritate and provoke your children to anger. Do not exasperate them to resentment. but rear them tenderly in the training and discipline and counsel and admonition of the Lord. Amen. God's not interested, as I've said before, to crush our spirit, right? To bring us to a place to where there's no enthusiasm. That's not how God corrects. Right? when God corrects you. Listen, sometimes it's just it's our viewpoint on things. It's adjusting to a viewpoint of how God will work. and to see that it's God's desire is to not just, you know, not just be to where it's just a a continual uh, if I could say it, just always just just correction and and this is wrong and that's wrong and this is wrong, but God's desire is to lead us even as he sees the seasons that we're in right now. Let me just let me let me read this definition here from nurture. This word nurture here that we used out of the scripture, it's the whole training and education of children which relates to the cultivation of mind and morals and employs for this purpose now commands and admonitions now reproof and punishment. It also includes the training and the care of the body. I want you to notice it's a a key term here. There's a training that's going on. those chosen ones born of his spirit will be trained. Amen. See, God trains us. And and and how does God train us? God trains us by revealing himself to you or I. Amen. I hope that don't seem so obscure, but to understand the most powerful the word itself is a living image. Right. That's where when it comes down to it, what who are we and and to follow? When Paul said, "Follow me as I follow Christ," is not just following Paul as a man, but it's recognizing that image of Christ that I see being projected. That's what I'm following. And I'm following it through that ordained vessel that God has emitted that to my life. So, we're not what are we following? We're following a living image. This is why that the most powerful things within our homes is not a recitation of all the letters and everything else. Yet it is important that the word would be there. But what is so much greater than all the word is to have that of the living image of the word himself. Because in that image is life. In that image is longsuffering. In that image is forgiveness. In that image is the essence of who he is the word. Amen. Amen. That's why the prophet said that we are to be their Holy Ghost until they are old enough to receive it. And the next line, but first they have those adolescent days, right? Those days of suffering and working with them and dealing with them, right? Admonishing them. You don't see them changing here. Don't see him changing here. Every parent within when their children is coming to a place you want to see God to take a hold of their life right and you watch I watch watch experiences I want to see where's the depth of that where let's see where it goes I you know this is one thing this is one thing that that I I don't believe in doing I don't believe in taking away any experience from any person right right are you hearing me yes sir it's just like oh you you had this at camp or had this or had that well let's just see because it'll all it'll manifest Right. Okay. I mean, there's a lot right now I could go and start preaching there of even dealing with on the Holy Ghost because sometimes there's even misconception of thoughts that, well, you'll never have any battle. You'll never have this and and that's just that that that's that's very skewed. That's not the word of God. You there there is a growth. There's a battle. There's a birth that takes place and you grow from there and you are learning to submit yourself to the word. Right? It's God working throughout your life. And yet with any experience, I I just say it like this. I've said it to countless young people, not just here, but throughout the world where I've been able to minister, and I've just said, "Look, every experience you've received, don't ever throw one away. It's from God." Look, Jacob had an experience first of all that never changed him. The experience that first of all that let him know when he came to Bethl and God showed up that night, but it never changed him. But he knew, he knew that the God his father talked about was real. Amen. And it was for him. Is that right? And we know what happened when he came back to that place. So it was an experience. That experience did not change him. But neither did that experience leave him. He came back to that place. This is why the Bible said that train up a child in the way that it should go and when it grows old, it will not depart. The prophet tells us it didn't mean that they wouldn't depart maybe from your midst. But that real experience of being in God's presence and a living image that would not depart from their mind. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You're talking about confidence in the supernatural. That's why we must have and need the supernatural. That's why, friends, listen. That's why we just don't want to show up to a service. We want to be in prayer and oh God come down Lord and manifest yourself in our midst Lord. Impress Lord your presence, your image upon hearts and lives Lord. God hallelujah. Change situations Lord. Those that don't know you Lord don't let them have peace until they come to that place of a real submission to you. Hallelujah. It's a whole training. It's cultivating It's just like things that let me just say it to you. When the Holy Spirit is come into a life, the Holy Spirit coming into the life does not all of a sudden go back down through there and make up for all of the lack of or improper training that we didn't receive as children. That's where the Holy Spirit comes in. And there's got to be instruction. Thank God for the Holy Spirit that would protect a person. Let me just give you an example. Take for example a young lady that has never really been taught on how to conduct herself around a young man. She wasn't raised in that way. Oh, brother Samuel, that's just natural. You can't show me that. The whole thing about it is is that you see these things as it comes in. Then this training has to come in and move in. God will hold as an anchor in that life, but there has to come a cultivation. That's why Paul would speak through Titus on even the things that were to be done in that hour among the sons and daughters of God. Things that were to be instructed, things that were to be taught. It didn't mean that they would be worldly. It's things sometimes that then where the Holy Spirit through instruction has to reach down and there's a reshaping of our character. It's God working to give us instruction. And you know what instruction is? It's actually correction. Right? It's God. It's training that's coming to our lives and then how we're going to receive it. So God works in our lives as it as it goes on to say, it's whatever in adults also cultivates the soul, correcting mistakes and curbing passions. I would venture to say without us even raising our hands that there's things that in your life right now when the Holy Spirit has come into your life that there's things that now that you recognize I can't I can't go this way. I I I I I can't I can't no I I can't I can't give myself to this or I can't this or and and then you begin to also recognize as I said before things about your own temperament things about your own personality and you're not trying to filter everybody else through your personality nor are you making your p personality the absolute of the word but you recognize I am here in humanity there are flaws in my life and I need God's grace in my life and it's recognizing that there are times as I said that we can be ever so structured and there's times that yes that's necessary and there's times when it's we need God's grace to override that that's where that's where instruction comes in it's instruction that aims at increasing virtue I love that it's always God's interested in increasing our virtue increasing in our lives so receiving instruction let's let's run through some scriptures here the scripture Scripture says, "All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect, complete, thoroughly furnished unto all good works." It would be like you having a home and no furniture. Right? I remember what it was when my wife and I had our we had purchased and had our brand new double wide mobile home built. Oh, we were so happy when it came in. You know, we had beds and this was gift to us, this and this and this, but we had no furniture to sat on in the living room. And uh so you know it always makes you thankful you know every time you sit down on a couch now and when we got a couch because we had the plastic chairs that are uh like the chairs they use in the Philippines for church and other things and and that's what we had in in in our living room was was those was those kind of chairs. But you know think about what it is when God has done a work in your life he wants to furnish it. Amen. He wants to furnish your life and he furnishes what is it's his character that's coming out. And this is where God works in our life through through not only just doctrine. But there's reproof that comes. There's correction that comes deals with our character. And there's an instruction into righteousness. And this is why that the next scripture without me reading at all. This is why that Paul would charge Timothy of the need in this hour be instant in season and out of season. Right? There's a change that takes place and we have to know what season are we in. Right. I I think I've had many times parents tell me say, "My, you know, I wish my children, you know, they they're grown, got kids, and everything else. My, you know, I wish they was back to when they were little. I could just take them and put them in bed and everything. It's a different season." And within that season, you cannot approach them in the season they're in now like the season when they were five or six. It's a different season. Right. Right. But God is able to give us the grace that what we need to be in that season to minister to them to be of a help to them to guide and direct us. It's just as God takes a hold of our life even as even as uh uh coming to the Lord and how that God will work. I mean even in the midst of a course of a time throughout a church, God will work in seasons. one season here we are in this and another season over here and it's God working all along with that group of people to bring us to what into the image a and what God desires to bring out of our life what he knows is there in other words God's not going to be speaking to us of a season that we're not in right you you can't speak of a season that's way out here that's why the prophet said man's always wanting to look back at what God did always look ahead to what God will do and failing to recognize where he's at now because the strength of where he's at now will bring us where we need to be in this season so we're ready for next season. Yes. Amen. So God's working to direct us. This is why even think of it of the coming of the Lord upon our lives. how that Peter would write about what kind of people that we should be seeing that the coming of the Lord is upon us because the rapture is not going to change our character. The rapture is a transplanting. Is that right? That's what the the word the prophet used. It's a transplanting. It's taking that character that's here. And that's why the prophet would tell us, "Let it be. It is to be." the order of that city is to be reflected in our lives right now. And that's what's being ministered, the order of that city. Because the reality of that city, the life of that city, the lifegiver of that city, the mother of us all is that new Jerusalem, a lifegiver to bring out of our lives that which would now make our lives fit subjects for there. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. And that part about fit subjects, it doesn't mean that we're here here in this time free from our flaws, free from No, it's now coming to a place. Maturity is recognizing our weaknesses and our littleness. Right? It's recognizing that within our lives, Lord, I need you more now. Amen. And that's not just just something that's saying that, but Lord, I need you. Lord, I need your grace, Lord, moving and operating and working in my life, Lord. Mold me, Lord. Shape me, Lord. Now, watch this. The scripture tells us in Hebrews 12:1, "Who so loveth instruction loveth knowledge, but he that hateth reproof is brutish." So whosoever loves instruction, loves knowledge, God instructing you and I, teaching you and I, showing us his word. And it rubs. Sometimes it rubs things. It rub. You know why? Because listen, this message will not mix with old leaven. That's right. This message is not an extension or a continuation of Isuza Street. No, that was the shock. The life has went out of the shack. The shuck pulled away from it. Amen. It wasn't the seed pulling away from the shuck. The shuck pulled away from the seed and didn't want it. No, I don't want this. But it was all in God's plan. And the life that went to make the seed is the life that went to make the sh. But in order to be a part of the rapture, we must go on with the seed. There you go. Because that's the promise. The seed would come back to itself. That is the promise of restoration. I am alpha and omega. Hallelujah. Yes. Is that right? Yes. So notice Proverbs 15:5. A fool despiseth his father's instruction, but he that regardeth reproof is wise. My It would be like this. What if, let's say, for example, Silas, what if I came to you and unbeknown to you, you're at a meeting that I'm at and your parents aren't there and your and your dad passes something on to me, sends a text, cannot get a text through to you, and I come to you and say, "Listen, your dad has noticed this and this and this and and he sent me to tell you." Oh my, I thought I was out of dad's side or I thought of this. You know, he might be able to look at me and say, right? But see, if I've talked with his father and his father has given instruction to tell him, then when he goes, it's not at me, it's at his father, Brian. Now, you see where this is coming from? That's good because to be able to discern his voice. The Bible said, "My sheep know my voice." Hallelujah. And when we when we're not acting like remember brother says when you know you've come to that place and you the way you're acting he said the dove just flew off. But the way to welcome the dove back is become a lamb again. How do we become a lamb? Submit ourselves to his character. Right? Submit ourselves to his life. Is that right? Notice Proverbs 19:25. Smite a scorner and the simple will be where? And reprove one that hath understanding and he will understand knowledge. Right? That's good. So it's already you see that the reproving God coming with correction and dealing with our lives. I mean look at what happened in the book of Acts when that of Ananas Safara. You had others that took place when God dealt with that situation. The fear of God fell on others. Right. Right. People even my the the the the church was moving them right under the word of God. They took heed to what God was doing. Is that right? And notice reprove one that hath understanding and he will understand knowledge. The reproving through the understanding. Well, how did he get understanding? That understanding had to come from God. How did that understanding get there? From an open heart. What is understanding? Is understanding just teaching? Is understanding just knowledge? Understanding is experience. Understanding is knowing him. It's understanding. Even through experiences of of things that I shouldn't have done this and and and and there was direction and correction come to my life. There's an understanding, a moment of understanding. Amen. Proverbs 21:11, "When the scorner is punished, the simple is made wise. And when the wise is instructed, he receiveth knowledge." See, it's just like many of these things that we looked at here, even within that of church order and things like that. It wasn't all together, brother Brandham coming down and saying, "You're wrong and this and that." It was giving instruction, right? It was giving guidance. That's what Paul was doing to the to the Corinthian church. That's what the Holy Spirit comes to deal with and move upon our lives. I I I I want to I want to receive that instruction. I want to receive it because there's a benefit from it in my life. I don't want to be I don't want the spirit of this age that's a know-it-all. I don't want that spirit. That's just that's an ungodly spirit. I I want that in my heart that God to be able to recognize his voice and submit myself to him. Amen. When the wise is instructed, he receiveth knowledge. Look at the benefit. David said, "I will bless the Lord who hath given me counsel. My reigns also instruct me in the night season." This is the this is a benefit of receiving the instruction of the Lord. Now, where's it at? In his heart. Right? You see, if it's just here, the Pharisees had it here. They didn't have it here. They didn't have it here. You can have it here, but it's got to be here. Because when it's here, it's not something that you're trying to do. It's something that is there. There's one on the control tower. It's life. It's not an intellectual faith. It's supernatural faith. Amen. Amen. And if you do, if you do wrong, if you go wrong, even thinking wrong, the Holy Spirit on the inside will bring correction. Hallelujah. Why? Because when the Holy Spirit has come into our life, that now the throne of God, a judgment seat of Christ where our sins are taken daily, there's conviction that strikes our heart. Hallelujah. This is where brother Brammo over and over in the messages he's tell talking about the tutor and he's talking about how that how do you think the Holy Spirit must must be when he goes before God brings our character our fussing fighting indifferences separating brother Ram goes on to say how he'll bring he'll bring he'll bring news back to the father your your child didn't go to church tonight the bells rung but they stayed home to look at television your daughters, they're dressing in morally on and on. He goes, he says, and yet he said, the Holy Spirit says, Lord, he says, how the Holy Spirit will say, I speak to their hearts to move them up and nurture them by the way, and they won't listen to it. When the minister will come to town to preach in the fullness of the power of the resurrection, people just walk by and make fun of it. The Holy Spirit has to bring that before the father. No, brother giving the dramatization of a tutor. He's dealing with the whole thing of the adoption of a son because your birth is not your adoption. The new birth when the new birth has come now the spirit of adoption has come in. Okay. when the spirit of God even dealing with a life, working upon a life and can you imagine that that where the Holy Spirit would turn a life around into a place of justification and then oh so thankful to fear things lifted from off their life and then you know the Holy Spirit the tutor begins to work and deal with her life and and begins to try to move upon things in her life and they come to a place to say I ain't going to do that I you don't have to dress like that you don't have to act like that you don't have to do that you don't have to do you know and they're telling the tutor what is not necessary and the tutor is the word himself. And you see this is why the Holy Spirit will not come upon an argumentative spirit. The Holy Spirit only comes upon a lamb. Amen. That's what the spirit of God comes to lead us to is to a place of being a lamb of submission to submit our rights. Yeah. So you see, brother Bra says here, the Holy Spirit would teach anything. If he does, it'll be right out of the Bible. He said that's the kind of tutor we got. The Holy Spirit to reveal and to bring the discipline book of the father and to reveal what God's plan is. And God does that in seasons. You Let me just say this. It's just like, listen, I certainly believe that a that a seed of God, my they can come to a reality of listening to marriage and divorce. I don't limit God. But you see things within seasons as something that'll stand out in a person's life. And and then you see with seasons as you begin to work and work with certain things in her life. Now you begin to see this, you know, coming on and then let's work with this and and then let's work with this. It's all within its season. God never overloaded. You are overloaded me. That's right. It's in seasons. And it's it's important to understand that season. It's just like can you imagine? Can you imagine telling you, you know, when when my children when I my boys were 10 years old, can you imagine how I'm telling now? This is how you got to change a lane. This is how you change a lane right here. When you come up here and you're driving on this road right here, you know, you always got to watch this way and always they're 10 years old, right? I don't care how much they said. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. They made you feel good. But the reality of it is is that maybe it's because you promised them the ice cream. They're just being nice and polite. So, you've done a good job with that part of it, but this it's not the season. But then when they start showing that interest, you know, it's now moved on from just the go-kart tracks and they're riding, you know, in the go-kart and oh my, you know, they're going out and they're sitting maybe in the car in the driveway and you're making sure none of the keys are around and or they're start asking, "Hey, can we move the car around? Can we can we do this?" Then you start know there's an interest. Sure. And when that interest begins to show, then that's the season to move in. Why? They're open to instruction, right? It's catching the season. Oh, hallelujah. God knew the season of the word that we right here in this hour, this time that we would be in. It's not a coincidence of the revealing of the word of the son of man in this hour. We are ordained for this hour. It's the season of rapture. It's the season of the fullness of the word coming back into our lives to deliver the church of the new birth. It's a season. Now, the discernment that's that's needed. Think about this. Discernment that's needed in our life. If there's anything that that is so needful in our lives is discernment. It's true. We need we Lord, I I want more. Amen. I want more. Discernment to be able. It's not about, let me just tell you something, friends. It's not about everybody else. I'm not asking God for more discernment about you. That's not what I'm asking God for. I'm asking God more discernment for my own life. Not just for you, for my life. God will give that according to the office that he's placed me in. But God, give me that discernment that I have need of. You know, a discernment of where it can always is pointing out everybody else is wrong and forailing failing to look at. What about your own? That's right. What about your own? This is why the scripture said 1 Corinthians 11:31-32, for if we would judge ourselves, what a what a privilege God gives us to do this. We should not be judged. That don't mean running ourselves on the ground. But that means being honest with the word, examining ourselves by the word of God. But when we are judged, oh, here this is grace, too. We are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Let me run through here a few quotes here. In the message shalom, brother says, "Oh God, 15 years of hard preaching and scolding, and God, thou knowest the reason. Love, love is chastening. Love is rebuke. Love is discipline. Now, let me just let me just hone in on this point because that can be very that can be used in a oh love is corrective. But you understand when this is being said, that's the motive. And if love is what what is love? Love is calling for a specific action. Amen. That's why brother Brandham all the way through the love messages different titles and so forth. When love is projected, comes to its end, sovereign grace steps in and delivers to love what it has called for. Right? This is the love of God working in our life for what? For for for a clear vision, a clear purpose. Love is a discipline. Oh God, may I throw myself with this people this week and may you discipline us Lord to your word. Now look here here the prophet is standing before us. I can read you countless number of quotes where brother Brandham talks about of even things that was shared with him of even how God corrected him in his life. His desire was to be corrected. You know why? That wasn't William Brandham's genetics, right? That was the Holy Spirit. Notice this. In the prisoner, we ask you, Lord, to give us your word. This is the opening prayer. Speak to us, Lord, and warm our hearts strainly that we would know how to discipline ourselves for the great time that lays ahead as we believe that we're nearing the coming of the Lord. It goes on, forgive us our sin. Chasen us Lord with thy spirit and thy word that we might discipline ourselves obedient servants obedient servants in the will of God. Amen. So what the goal of of receiving correction is where the discipline is shown in our lives. Our own lives become disciplined just like with what was given at the tabernacle. Just like within these things when it came to heart submitting to the guidance and instruction even of things that was given for Brandham tabernacle where brother Bram says we have found that these certain things and he got on to the testimony meetings he said it don't profit here in he said if it does in your church fine if it's in your church that's okay and he got into certain things and he's giving instruction and even when it come to the word of giving direction listen people were given an opportunity on whether or not they would discipline their own lives to it. You see, the the result of correction being received is it shows itself in our lives being disciplined to it, not resentment. Are you hearing me? Not I'll do what you want me to do, but I don't agree with it. I think it's I tell you this, I think that's not discipline. That's not discipline. But dis but real discipline is where our lives show it reflects the correction that we've received. Amen. And you know many times what it is we it God I'm so glad that God can see so far beyond of where you and I can see. And God knows exactly what's coming down the line. God know and you know God does things to test you and I to see where where it's at. See where our lives are at. See where certain things are at in our lives. Watch this. Brother Ram says this, I I love this quote of power transformation. Brother Ram says, "Now I want to read this morning some of the Bible." I like the word, don't you? He said, "We've worshiped the Lord and we'll continue to worship him. Now, let's worship him as a cutting, sharpedged sword as it moves through us to find out where we're standing." Oh my. So, worship doesn't stop when the song service stops, right? It's a continuation as the word is cutting right through us, helping us to see where we're standing. Let your light so shine before men. Oh, God, helping me. Maybe we could speak some words to something that'll be edifying to us, that'll help us all. How that we could do better and live a better life. I'm sure that's what we are all here for is to take correction and to get an understanding of what we can do to make us a better Christian. If I have one thing in my life that I desire is to be a better Christian than I am. And I'm sure that's the heart's cry of every soul that's here tonight is to be a better Christian. The Bible said, "A wise son heareth his father's instruction, but a scorner heareth not rebuke." So a wise son, one that is in tune with God, with his spirit, wise, hears his instruction. Because his instruction is it's things that God gives us. If we can receive it, it will increase the virtue in our life and it curbs out certain mistakes, curbs out certain things in our life. And God will work with such such grace to deal with our hearts to instruct us. You know why God wants our lives to be built on such a confidence in him? Not in anything else but the word. Not in any gift, not in any nothing but his word. That's where God wants us to be because when it's all said and done, that's where our trust has to be. Lord is I trust you. Let me let me close on this one. Brother Bram says, "When you ministers are correcting someone about a gift, when you're correcting them, scripturally correcting them, and they get offended, remember it wasn't the spirit of God because the spirit of God cannot be offended by his word. He comes to his word. He's always willing, willing. A real saint of God wants to tow the mark. I want to be corrected." This is the prophet's words. Let me just say it to you like this. What if you're corrected on something and you feel like that you've got the scripture word for word for word, I've got a refute. Does that refute allow a character to be displayed other than the character of Christ? Hello, I'm preaching. If it's not line by line, oh, if it's this and this, does that allow us then to act out not according to his character? It won't. The spirit of God will always show itself. Amen. In subjection, I want to be corrected. Look in Pilot's Hall example. Pilot's hall, he opened not his mouth, right? He could have he could have refuted everything, but you know what? He stood right there. right there in Pilot's Hall. He showed us what it was to be in subjection. Look how the prophet I I love this. To me, this is a real example here, the messenger of this age. I want to be corrected. I want the Holy Spirit to correct me in the things that I'm doing that's wrong. I don't want nothing substitutionary. I want the real thing or nothing. Just let me alone. Don't let me have nothing at all then. Cuz I'd rather do that than to bring a reproach on Christ. Yes, sir. And I wouldn't teach and say anything unless it is the scripture. He says, "If some brother, some Christian brother would see me teaching something wrong, I'd appreciate it if he'd call me over to one side after the service and say, "Brother Brandham, I'd like to come to your room and to talk to you. You're in error upon something." I'd sure appreciate that, brother, cuz I want to be right. How many say, "Yes, Lord. I want to be corrected." See, this is where we're standing in this age. We're looking at a church, a church world that refused. The brother Ram uses these words, the discipline book of the father. They carry this Bible but do not believe it. Will not receive it. Oh, this certain parts, certain fragments they want of his nature. They want certain things. You know, that's kind of like when a person can say, "I want all the word." But in order to have the word, you've got to also have his character. Because the word and the character are not inseparable. They're one and the same. Is that right? So it will not be when we have the letter and not the character, but it'll actually be the character that's expressing what the word actually is talking about. But you see in this time they they don't want it. I don't want that. They've walked away from it. I don't want it. I don't want it. Look, they they put it out. I don't want it. But God in his grace friends look even in us you heard in throughout many of us there were things that we can look at didn't even see ourselves here didn't even see this but God rich in mercy knew what was laying beneath all the darkness about our lives and God reached down by his grace and that part him working in our life to bring us to a place in our lives to where by the grace of God a life that's disciplined to the word of God. Do you realize it takes discipline to come to the house of God? Let's stand. It takes discipline to come to the house of God. God can speak to our hearts. Just I know that's a very simple thing. It can God can speak to our heart because the Bible said for us forsake not to assemble yourselves together. That's not something that God's going to do. You know, God just don't reach down to pick us up by the by the shirt and here I'm going to transport you here to the church. No. God allows things for us to willfully show our obedience. Yes. or disobedience. God allows that to be shown. What what's what's what's what matters? What's really important? And then when our lives can receive that correction, then our lives become disciplined to it. And discipline to it is that you know what? Even in the times, no doubt I could say throughout this service right here and other services, there's times they didn't feel like it. There's times I said, "Ah, you go on. I I you go on. You you go on. I I I just don't feel like it. But there's a discipline that's in your life that puts your flesh in subjection and said, "I don't care how tired I am. I don't care how this I am. I'm going to the house of God." Amen. That's a discipline in our lives. Cuz we know we've been corrected. And God God will correct us. We're his children. Every father will correct his children and God will correct us. Sometimes you know his correction is he'll pull back his presence from off our lives. That that's that's that that's a rough that's a rough situation. I I don't like that. Do you? But see, he knows what to do to get our attention. He knows what to do. And you know what it does? It brings correction in our lives. Oh my. I want to receive that benefit. Don't you? Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, thanking God of your mercy, Lord, even upon the time, the day, the hour that we're living in, Lord, what grace that you come and you deal with in our lives, Lord, to work and to minister to us, Lord, to instruct us, to bring correction in our lives, Lord. Sometimes Lord the things is just like it is with our children in the natural. Sometimes there's things Lord that you will bring correction or instruction to our lives that it isn't necessarily something that is Lord altogether wrong is something that would be of the benefit in our lives and what you can see Lord so easy Lord it's many times it's so easy for us and you know sometimes Lord in the things that is so black and white why it's so easy. But Lord, it's in those times of sometimes gray areas in areas, Lord, and that's where we need your leadership. Amen. We need your direction to lead us and to guide us, Lord. Father, even here, Lord, in in our assembly, Lord. Father, in each of our homes, in each of our lives, Lord, I pray, oh God, may Lord, it be a place, Lord, that Father, always, not just this place, not just this assembly, but God, our hearts, may our hearts be a place that, Father, you're welcome to come and to speak to us, Lord God, to correct us. And Lord, I pray may our hearts be, Lord, a receiving ground to receive that word, Lord, that our lives could now reflect [Music] that of the correction we receive, Lord, becoming disciplined lives, Lord, by the spirit of God. Lord, it always begins with us dying to ourselves, dying to what we think. Oh Lord, how many times your grace Lord God Lord I think of times Lord Jesus even from Lord when you first got a hold of my life Lord Lord Jesus I can remember sitting in services and meetings Lord my it wasn't something that was maybe said right out but I can remember Lord I knew exactly what you were saying to my life and it was things Lord God that you would give me the grace, Lord, to curb those things out of my life. Lord, it would see the value and it's you working with us because ultimately, Lord, your desire is to train us. I think about it, Lord, what a detriment it would be in this hour. We're in the hour, Lord, where the seal of God and the mark of the beast, it's actually been going on, Lord. We're living, Lord, in such a time, Lord, as this. But you did not leave us in this hour without the certainty that was needed to live a life that is worthy of the gospel. Lord God, as you sent your word, you came down. Lord God would reveal yourself in this hour. You would manifest yourself. Lord, we've not received like the prophet said, that little eagle that was down there in that chicken yard. He had heard eagles preached all his life. The prophet said, but one day he saw a living image flying above him. Lord God, that's what this message come to do. Lord, it never came, Lord God, to highlight William Brandom. It never came to lift up William Brandham. We thank you Lord for your prophet Lord our messenger. But father we recognize Lord who it is that has been revealed to us Lord. It's you our heavenly father that Lord God you knew exactly where we were at. You knew the bed of time that we were planted in Lord. You knew the mess that we were in Lord God. And Father you came by our way. [Music] And Lord Jesus, you have worked and you continue to work in our lives. That little eagle, Lord, I think how the prophet would just Lord describe it. It jumped upon a fence post. It had to be encouraged. It was encouraged by that living image reminding it that's who you are. Oh God, as your prophet said, that little eagle had always been taught all his life to look down. But this message was different. He was taught to look up. Lord God will never get anywhere with looking down. But it's always looking up to you, Lord. Looking unto Jesus, the author and the finisher of our faith. Lord, that little eagle, as the prophet said, he jumped upon that fence post. That was a start. Everything moving. And then eventually, Lord, he took off and began to fly. Oh, I'd say his flying was kind of wobbly at first. And but the potential was in him. He just had to get used to using those wings for what they were meant for. Glory be to God. Lord, that's where your prophet said that every man and woman of God when he would refer to Moses is born with this equipment in them to believe God. All it takes is getting in the presence of the supernatural. And it unfolds that equipment that God's already placed in us. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, that's how you're working with us and training us, guiding us, Lord. Father, I'm so thankful, Lord, for your tutorship in our lives. Lord Jesus, how we're longing, Lord, for that day of full adoption when we receive the adoption of these bodies, Lord. But in the meantime, Lord, as we're growing, we are laboring and working with the spirit of adoption in our life that will lead us to full adoption. Oh God, we're not going to become sons. We are sons. We are and Lord God, help us like you admonish them in the scripture not to despise chastening. Neither faint when we're rebuked of you, Lord, but rather, Lord, to endure it. Not endure it as though like a child would say, "Well, I'll wait till dad gets done talking. He's going to be probably 30 minutes and when he's done we'll be able No, that's not what you meant, but to endure it, be patient under it, to take it into our lives. And I love, Lord God, the promise as you have conveyed to our hearts, God dealeth with us as sons. Lord, we're your children. You're working on our lives. You're working, Lord, that everything would be curved out that's unlike you. Help us, Lord. Help us, Lord, as we realize even some of the things in our lives. Father, no doubt things that maybe, Lord, that we've prayed about and prayed about and asked you to change certain things in our life. And Lord, I'm not saying there aren't things that won't be changed, but Lord, I look at many different things in our life. You call us to rule over it. Like your prophet tells us, Lord, in faith is the victory. The things that once ruled us, we now rule it. The position has changed from the tail to the head. It's ruling over it, Lord. Oh, Father, I'm not talking so much about drinking, smoking, or this or immorality or fashions or other things like that. There's ways that the spirit of God will move right through our lives on many dealing with those areas and separating us. But Lord God, even when it comes down to our very temperament, makeup and character, help us, Lord, help us to always be that lamb, a lamb that's led to the slaughter. Lead us, Lord. As Paul would say, I die daily. He would also go on to tell us that we are always delivered up unto death that the life of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal bodies. Lord God, help us, Father. Paul would describe the crucifixion, describing that of being crucified. They that are Christ have crucified [Music] that of the lust of the flesh, that of the affections thereof. Lord, it speaks. It is an ongoing crucifixion, daily dying to ourselves. Lord, help us. Help us, Lord. I pray. Give grace to each and every one. Lord, help us, Lord. Even when it comes to things, Lord, on the job, things that Lord, maybe a boss or somebody would come along the way. Maybe sometimes there's a new person that comes Lord into the department or whatever more and they're there Lord to try to maybe help to show. Maybe they've Lord sought an engineer out. I know different different brothers Lord that I've met and they'll be called in to actually study a whole operation in a plant sometimes and looking at things how things could be made maybe more efficient. Not as so much to be more of a workload, but Lord, to be something that would be of a of a benefit. Lord Jesus, help us, Lord. Help us, Lord. We want our hearts to be tender, Lord, to you, Father. Grant it, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Brother Brian, lead us, would you? Beautiful. [Music] Wonderful. I know for sure. All of my days are held in your hands, crafted into your perfect. Yes, Lord Jesus. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all of my life through your eyes. I'm captured by your holy calling. Send me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. Take me. Yes Lord mold me. Yes Lord use me. Fill me. I give myself to the potter's hand. Amen. Oh, call me Lord and guide me. Lead me, walk beside me. Oh, I give my life to the potter's hand. Beautiful roots. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior, I know for sure. All of my days are held in your hand, crafted into your perfect plan. You gently call me into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all of my life through your eyes. And I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. [Music] Take me. Hold me. Use me. Fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Call me, guide me, lead me, walk beside me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Take me. Yes. Take me, mold me, use me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. [Applause] Yes, Lord Jesus. Call me Lord. Call me. Yes, Lord. Guide me, lead me, walk beside me. Oh, I give my life to the potter's hand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Go ahead. Empty. and broken. I came back to him of that soul unworthy [Music] so scarred by sin. Oh, but he did not despair. He started over again and I bless the day he never threw. Thank you, Lord. Oh, and over and over. He molds me and he makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. Oh, a vessel of honor. Yes, I am today. And it's all because Jesus didn't throw the Hallelujah. And he is the potter and I am Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Holy in his image. He wants me. He wants me to stay. So when I stumble and fall on my vessel grace, he just picks up all the pieces. Thank you, Lord. [Music] I will throw the clay away over and over. He's molding me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. Oh, a vessel of honor. Oh, I am today. And it's all because Jesus throw the clay away over [Music] and over. I'm glad he's molding me and makes me [Music] into his likeness he fashion. Thank you Lord. Oh vessel of honor. I am today. And it's all because Jesus did it through the A vessel of honor. A vessel of honor I am today. And it's all Jesus. Throw the clay away. Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. Aren't you glad he's working on you? Amen. Amen. I'm so glad he's working on us. I never forget. I know this isn't maybe something real spiritual, but it's always, you know, God takes experiences through your life. And I remember the football coach that I had and he he told us he said boys he said we're getting ready to start into the season and he said I'm going to tell you he said there's going to be times we're going to get on you and he said but I want you to understand it's not because we're against you it's because we we see there's potential in you more than what you're given. Hallelujah. And you know the scripture is very true that no no chastening in the present is joyous. It's grievious. But grievous to whom? See that's what's important. Grievious to what? Our flesh. But if that spirit on the inside is a is of God. Yes Lord. This I mean it's grievious but Lord Jesus guide me Lord help me. The real reality, friends, for us as a children of God, when it would become grievious, I think the greatest thing, the things for me that were, and I think for every child of God that we've had to go through is the things to where when I know that I've let him down to where to know that Lord, I failed you in this area. Lord, I've overlooked this. Lord, I've missed that. I'll tell you, that's not something you just shrug off. Sometimes it's something that it carries with you and you finally have to be able to come to a place to forgive yourself. Yeah. And the only way you can really forgive yourself is to accept his forgiveness. But you know what? What if that wasn't there? What if it was just something we were so dismissive? We wouldn't be the people that we are today. But God knows just just how to let the things linger. I'm so glad. Aren't you friends? Listen. It'll be worth it all when we stand there on that day. It'll be worth it all. It'll be worth it all. It'll be worth it all. Hallelujah. It'll be worth it all. Amen. God bless you. Shake hands with one another as you're being dismissed. Can we sing that song? He's still working on me. Hallelujah. Working on me to make me what I ought to be. Make to make. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, you see the need. Lord, we've already agreed to Mars. How loving and patient he must be. For he's still working on me. Yes, he's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, sun and the earth, Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. For he's still working on me. There really ought to be a sign upon my heart. Don't judge me if there's an unfinished part. I'll be perfect just according to his plan. Fashioned by my master's loving hand. Yes, he's still working on me to make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, sun and the earth, Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. For he's still working on me in the mirror of his word. Reflections that I see makes me wonder why he never gave up on me. But he loves me as I am and he helps me when I pray. Remember, he's the potter, I'm the clay. For he's still working on me, to make me what I ought to be. Took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, sun and the earth, Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. For he's still working on me. Yes, he's still working on me. To make me what I to be. Took him just a week to make the moon and the stars, sun and the earth, Jupiter patient. He must be cut out. Amen. And see higher ground. My heart has no
