################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-16 - Be Sure of Your Safety - Daniel Ofari-Darko - Daniel Ofari-Darko.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-16
Title:   Be Sure of Your Safety - Daniel Ofari-Darko
Speaker: Daniel Ofari-Darko
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QabHHEqM98o
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
21:46 - Ministry
1:24:39 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I lift up my hand to the Lord. Singing I love you. [Music] singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you. Once again now moments I sing out I sing [Music] out to Jesus like I lift up my hands. My [Music] I sing I love you Lord. Sing I love you Lord. taking the [Music] heart of [Music] view. We're together again. [Music] We're together again. Just praise the Lord. We're together [Music] again in one accord. Something good is about to happen. Something good is the Lord. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is bound to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Once again now we're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again in one [Music] accord. Something good is bound to happen. Something good is together again. Just praising the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let us stand together. We'll take prayer requests at this time. Sister Stephanie, please continue to pray for my friend Heather, for my niece who has to have emergency appectomy, and for Gilbert Landing to come back to the Lord. God bless Sister Stephanie. Brother Crest is having pain in his shoulder. His rotator cuff is torn. In need of prayer. Brother David Jr. has to go in early to work. Sister Maria had a knee injection. Her face broke out due to this injection. That's why she's not here. And then for this is uh Sister Elia. This is a congratulation. I love the Lord. We thank the Lord for bringing us together and carrying us through the years. Tomorrow is our 61st anniversary. Bless us. And she says, "And bless us and keep us close to you, Lord, brother and sister Gomez." Ain't that beautiful? I tell you what, I think it was Sunday. I said, you know, you got somebody to go home to, you know. Yep. any unspoken request by the lifting your hands. Let's pray together. Father, I know Lord that I'm the hunter. My throat is not after that radiation treatment Lord. My voice has never been the same. But I know Lord you see you see the heart Lord. You don't see not so much that we make a lot of noise Lord but it comes from the heart Lord. So I ask this God today for sister Stephanie's request concerning her family and that you bring Gilbert back Lord and Lord Jesus sister brother Crest hurting his his road to early cuff Lord and and and is torn and he needs a prayer. We pray for brother David Jr. as he had to go to work. And for Sister Maria Sanchez had a knee injection and her face broke out due to this [Music] injection. So Lord, we honor you and thank you that you're a prayer answering God. And we love you and thank you now in Christ Jesus name for your glory and bless sister Gomez and brother Gomez for their wonderful life they've had together. Lord, we thank you now in Christ Jesus name for your mercy. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's let's uh sit down and let's just sing uh I haven't done some song season service in a long time. So, please forgive me. Let's sing out. We got the power in the name of Jesus. Bless sister Linda. You know, it's been hard for her. We got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. ghost and rages. We cannot be cuz we got the power in the name of the Lord. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan [Music] raes, we cannot be defeated, but we got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord for many years now. Satan tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus still alive like a mighty army. We'll keep maring on winning every battle for the Lord's on our side. We got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan [Music] rages, we cannot be cuz we got the power in the name of the [Music] Lord. Amen. Let's sing Amazing Grace. Brother Ray, God bless you. Nice to see you. Amen. Amazing Grace as sweet as sound. If I can read it. You know this song, right? Amazing. Grace, how sweet the sound are like me. [Music] I was but now [Music] I was blind. But now I see and my heart and grace my [Music] really preious day that grace appear. Amen. The hour I first [Music] believe has I have all become Amen. [Music] And grace will lead me home. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Amen. Sing great. [Music] That's a [Music] rich man. Thank you, Lord. I once was lost but [Music] now I was blind but now I see as predict guest brother brother Daniel. Hallelujah. Welcome Holy Spirit. How many want How many want to welcome the Holy Spirit? [Music] Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside. [Music] Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Filled us with your power. Living sun, living water, never dying [Music] father, comforter and counelor. Take complete control. You're the living water. Never having found a murder and counelor. Take complete [Music] control. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Well, Holy Spirit, we are in your presence. Filled us with your power. Live inside of me. Oh yes, you're the living water, never ending fountain. Copper and counelor. Take complete control. You're the living [Music] water. God, father take complete control. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You didn't you didn't have to open my eyes. That's the thing. It's We were all blind. We live in Leoa. Wretch and blind and miserable. But he opened our eyes, right? You didn't have to open my eyes. You could at peace pass me by. For the age I was living in was wretched, poor and mild. [Music] Then I recognizing your [Music] name and birth to preach and the message of grace. And Lord, how I thank thee. [Applause] I just want to thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord. For letting me hear. What have I done to deserve the glory revealed in me? And for that special night, [Music] aiming face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank [Music] thee. Not even in my wildest dreams. [Music] of the Lord has made [Music] the I now I see God in simplicity broken [Music] word for I thank thee. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to discern revealed to [Music] me? When I saw your [Music] glory and eternal life and now I thank thee. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. We're going to sing a song that the angel of the Lord that stood with brother Brandham. He loved that song. Only believe. [Music] All king power. [Music] [Music] Oh, we all believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All those things are [Music] Lord I [Music] [Music] [Music] might thank you. Amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. You believe? Let's sing it one more time. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible. Yes, Lord. Lord, I [Music] believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Oh, hallelujah. All things are possible. Yes, Lord. I believe. Oh, indeed. It's good to be in his presence. Hallelujah. Let's give a clap offering to the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad to find myself in your midst this evening. Hallelujah. I know I'm a not a stranger in this house. Hallelujah. Uh I bring greetings once again from the Britain back home. Amen. Amen. And I'm so happy to come always to see gallance soldiers, both men and women on a track. Hallelujah. Uh, brother Samuel, I greet you wherever you are with your family. Amen. And I'm happy to see brother Bale. Oh, brother Bale, how are you? [Laughter] Thank God for your life, my brother. So appreciate you. Okay. Amen. And then also, Brother Richard, Brother Gomez. I mean, I remember Brother Cruz, Brother Ray, God bless all of you. God bless. Sister Naomi, how are you? Amen. Good. Everything good? Good. Sister Judith, are you here? Do you remember me? You do. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. [Music] And I mean if I've not mentioned your name, forgive me. It means maybe when I come, you don't come close. That's why. Hallelujah. Oh brother, sister, we are marching on. Okay. No matter what that is going on on this, we are marching on. Because the message will never lose it power. Amen. Until all the ransom church of God are safe to see no more. We are entering into it by what the Lord God have already designed. Amen. Let us just be on our feet this evening uh and have a word of prayer. Father, we thank you. We bless your name. Oh God, we give you glory, honor, and adoration that once again, Father, you've made us to see the rising and the setting of the sun today. You've given us life and strength. Oh, we appreciate you for all that you do. Heavenly Father, it's time for us, oh God, to rally around your word and Father, feed upon your word because so have you ordained us. We ask you therefore to come and lead us, oh Lord Jesus. Father, I pray and commit myself into your mighty hands. Lord, as you have found favor in me, oh God, to stand before the presence of your children that you've pictured with your blood, I pray God, use me, oh Lord, to bless their souls. Use me, oh Lord. Oh God, let something come out the father to lift their faith to a higher ground. We thank you and we bless you for the victory. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Please, before we sit, let's turn our scriptures to uh Psalm 91. Psalm 91. Oh, thank you, musician. I'm sorry. Thank you. When I need you, I'll call you again. Okay. God bless you. Psalm 91 and we are reading verse 1 to8. He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. Thank you Jesus. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge. Yeah. And my fortress, my God, in him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noisome pestilence he shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wings shall thou trust. His trust shall be thy shield and buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flyth by day, nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness, nor for the destruction that wasted at noon day. A thousand shall fall at thy sight, and 10,000 at thy right hand, but it shall not come thee. Only with thy eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's turn uh uh to Exodus chapter 12. Exodus 12, we read verse 12 and 13. Exodus 12. Verse 12 and verse 13. For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night. I will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast, and against all the gods of Egypt, I will execute judgment. I am the Lord. And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you. And the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt. Thank you, Lord. The Lord add his blessing to the reading of his word. Amen. Let's please take our seat. Once again, I'm so happy to be with you. Praise the Lord. If you are happy, yes, I like that, brother. I like that. Amen. This evening, I want to look at this subject. Being sure of your safety. being sure of your safety. Hallelujah. The scripture that we have just read from Psalms 91, he said, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty." Yeah. And I think there's nothing for a man to get than to be under the shadow of the almighty. Amen. It means you are covered. Amen. You are protected. Yes, sir. You have your security. Hallelujah. You are in safety environment. Yeah. Hallelujah. He said, "I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler and from the noisome pestilence any anything that will come upon the earth. The Lord is going to protect you because you are in a safety place." Amen. Amen. He said he shall cover thee with his feathers and under his wings shall thou trust. His truth shall be thy shield and buckler. Amen. Hallelujah. He said, "Thou shall not be afraid for the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flyth by day, nor for the pestilence that walketh in darkness, nor for the destruction that wasteth at noonday." Right. Hallelujah. You see, it means when you are under that shadow of the almighty, nothing unward can touch you. Pless God because you are protected. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And brother, you and I, we know that we need safety. Every human needs security. Sure. Hallelujah. Because we were born with fear in us, right? And fear is part of human sir in our journeys in anything that we do we entertain fear sometimes and God himself is aware of that. That is why anytime when he call his people he say fear not. Amen. Hallelujah. Because he want to drag the fear away from you before he deal with you. So human being we need security. We need safety. Yes sir. Hallelujah. And that safety, brother, we don't produce it. No, no, no, no, no, no. There is nothing you can do to have that safety. The safety is at only one source and that is in the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother, no, no, no, nothing, nothing, nothing in this world can produce security. And sometimes, you know, the world talk about certain things that they are not aware of. Since time in memorial, we see a lot of presidents who have come, a lot of you know well notable leaders who have traveled all over the world trying to you know make sure that there is safety make sure that the people are are safe in whatever environment that they live. Have they been able to achieve it? Nope. Nope. They talk about peace, peace, peace. Have they been able to achieve it? No. No. Because there is only one source of peace. Hallelujah. There is only one source of security. And that you can find only under the shadow of the almighty. Glory to God. Praise be the name of our God. Hallelujah. We live in fear because brother we don't people even don't know what is going to happen the next minute ahead of us. Yeah. And sometime we live in confusions. Y okay. We we live in a situation whereby we don't know what is going to be. True. What is going to happen tomorrow, right? Hallelujah. True. The next minute ahead of us, what is going to happen? We don't know. No. That is why when you are walking by the roadside and the driver blow a horn on you, papa, you jump. Because you want safety, right? Hallelujah. Somebody can just follow you and will just scare you somehow. Hey, and you you will shake because there is fear in you. Hallelujah. You want to be you want to be protected. Huh? Even in the animal kingdom. Yeah. In the animal kingdom, they also rely on safety. Yes. That is why when a deer is eating They look around. Yeah. To see whether a predator is coming to attack them. The moment they get a hit of a lion, they jump and run. Hallelujah. They have that kind of fear in them. Even the animals. That's right. When the baboon see the gorilla, it run away because it's afraid. Wow. How much more human being? Yeah. Hallelujah. That is why human being you need something we call security. Amen. You need to find out whether you are secured. You need to find out whether you are a safety point. And brother, you don't produce that. Oh brother, you don't produce that. No money on this earth can give you security. Come on now. Hallelujah. We see the millionaires and the billionaires, especially those who have dubious business, they surround themselves with a lot of security. That's good. That's right. With gun here, with gun here, with gun here, with gun here, but eventually what happened? They die. They are killed sometimes. Right. What is where is that security from? Hallelujah. Your education cannot give you security. Your money cannot give you security. Hallelujah. How popular you are in society cannot give you security. There is only one source of security. And I said that is what you can find under the shadow of the almighty. Praise be the name of our God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother, sister, a time came even in Israel when God divided the army of Israel into four groups. Judah was leading one group. Dan was leading one group. And then Ephraim was leading one group. And there was another one. I think Ruben was also leading one group. And in their midst was the ark of the covenant which was the security of all Israel. And brother when they are marching to war who is the enemy you cannot stand when Israel is coming on on the on the m to war because the almighty God was with him. Amen. Hallelujah. So long as Israel stay with the word of God. Amen. The protections of God was upon them. Yes, sir. It was one time when they backslided and they were doing anything they wanted and they went to a war and they were beaten. Yeah. I think that was the time of uh of uh uh the priest Eli. They were beaten if you remember carefully, right? They bashed. Everybody was doing anything at all that they wanted. So when they were beaten by the Philistines, right? Then they said that no, let us go and fetch the ark of the covenant. Oh brother, that was the most miserable day of Israel. Yeah. They thought that when they have the covenant, it will be their security. Yeah. And of course, the enemies always are afraid of Israel because of the ark. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So when the ark was brought into their midst that day, they started shouting. They started jubilating. They started singing praises unto the Lord and the Philistines heard of it and they asked what is this that we are hearing this Israel you know shouting and and and know making you know and they said well we heard that they have brought the ark of the covenant into their midst and the Philistines became afraid. Hallelujah. Yes, they became afraid because they knew that so long the ark of the covenant has come into the midst of Israel, they are finished. They are dead because that is their security. That is their power. Amen. But brother, what good will it do to you? When you're the covenant of God in your midst, and you don't apply the mechanism, you don't apply the word of God. You don't live by the word of God, the instructions of God, you don't live with it. How can the covenant perform? God don't do things like that. Hallelujah. God always deal by his word. Yeah. So having the covenant alone in your midst doesn't make the miracle. But how sincere and faithful you are. Then God will perform. Yes sir. Hallelujah. Brother, today we will say that the Lord has blessed us with such a mighty presence of God in our midst. I say that because we have the message of this hour in our midst. And that is God revealed. Hallelujah. To his people. And that is the security we have today. No matter what is going on in this world, brother, we look to the message. We look to the message because that is where our power lies. No other thing, no confusion anywhere. Well, people are trying to say so many things about the message and the message is this. We don't care about that. No. No. I don't want to care about those things, brother. No. I don't care about whatever people are talking about. That's right. My only aim is to see what the Lord brought. Hallelujah. Through that prophet and that is it. I don't want anybody to make any commentary on the message for me. Hallelujah. The message itself is commentary that I need to my life to strengthen me and that is why I stand. Hallelujah. No commentary from any source. That's right. Glory to God. Only one God. Right. Only one prophet. Right. And only one message. That's right. Can I hear amen? Amen. That is it. And that is where our security lies. Amen. Amen. Brother, sometime people want to tread without authority. People want to take inventory when they have no clue and it is dangerous. Yes. When the Israelites thought that because the ark of the covenant has come into their hands, they were going to defeat their enemy. They deceived themselves. The Bible said that that day Israel were beaten. Yeah. And even the act of the commonant was seized by the unbelievers. Can you imagine this? True. Where was their security then? Hallelujah. But look at what God did. The power of God that was on the uh what the ark was still there and it was there to work for the children of God. But the children of God prove stubborn against their God. Right? So God refused to attend to them. True. But when the Philistines took the ark of the covenant into their midst, look at what happened there. Yeah. There were a whole lot of troubles. Oh brother, the Bible said that God struck them with, you know, so many h pestilence and all sickness and diseases. They say men were scratching themselves all over. Because of what they did by taking the covenant. Yeah. They were not worthy to take the ark. No. No. They were not worthy. But because of what Israel did. Yeah. My brother, sister, the Lord has blessed us. The Lord has blessed us so much. Yes, I like that. But sometimes we ourselves, we don't value it. Amen. Many people don't want to value what God has done to us. Hallelujah. When I was coming with brother Richard, we were discussing about ourselves, our lives. When we were in a Pentecostal rea, it was in this message that by the grace of God we started living a Christian life. It was in the message. So we can we cannot underestimate the power of this message. No. Hallelujah. And that is where God is protecting you and I. Yes. Thank you, Father. And we have to be sure that we are under that security. Let us be sure that we are safe in the message of this hour. Don't give your ears to what people are saying. Praise the truth. Trying to turn the message upside down. No, brother. They can continue to do whatever they want to do. They can continue to say whatever they want to say. Hallelujah. But the message remain the message. Just God bless you over there. The message remain the message. Hallelujah. Amen. You see when Israel were to leave Egypt, look at another condition. When Israel were to leave Egypt, God sent a prophet Moses to tell them that that night he was going to pass over the place and was going to kill the firstborns of the Egyptians. And every Israeli should kill a lamb. Okay. As they have kept it for some days. And they should apply the blood on the lentils of their daughters. That was their requirement, right? That was their security. That was their protection. And God said, "When I see the blood, I'll pass over." Hallelujah. They were in Gan. But God said, I mean, God should have chosen to not to I mean, do that. He would have chosen to go to Egypt and destroy whatever he wanted to destroy. But he said, "My children, even though you are in go, uhoh, when Egypt is in darkness, I give you light, right? But yet still, I want you to apply the token on your lentils of your doors, brother. You can you cannot tell me that you are a Israeli and for that matter you are saved already. So you will not apply that blood. You couldn't do that. You couldn't do that, brother. You couldn't do that. Then it means you don't like the safety. You don't like the security of God. He said, "Apply the token down there." And that is what I want to see. So if you Israel, you say I'm Israel. I I don't care about that. You'll be dead. Right? The death angel will enter into your room and house and destroy you. Destroy. Maybe you are a firstborn. He will destroy you and destroy your firstborn also. Amen. So when they apply the token over there, the dead angel descended that night and march all over the province. What was he looking for? He was looking for the people that have made themselves sure to be under the safety of God. And the moment they saw the blood down, they pass over. In fact, the death angel bra will not enter into any house and ask who are here. Is brother Bill here? Is brother Cruz here? Is brother Gomez here, brother Naomi here? No, the death angel would not do that. That was not his business. His business was to look on the doorpost and see whether there is blood there. Period. Amen. Hallelujah. The death angel don't care who are in the house. Amen. He doesn't care who are in the house. So long as the people are under the talking, And that is their security. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sometime this thing disturbs sometime it distracts. Sorry. Hallelujah. Are you catching it brothers, sisters? Sure. So it the business of the angel to find out how many people are there. Are they Egyptians or they Israelites or they Moabites? No. So anyone that was under the talking Yes sir. was saved. Right. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother, if an Israeli will have mercy and tell a friend Egyptian, hey this what the Lord is going to do. If you want safety, come to my house. Sir if they have done that those people will be saved because they will be under the token of God. But well we don't have any history like that it was only communicated to the sons of God and as much as they applied the token they were under that security the death angel passed over them. Yes. And they were not able to be touched by any disruption. True. But over there in Egypt, oh my where there was no security, there was no talking applied to any lint of any door. The Bible said that they cried. They whail. Yeah. Yeah. They suffered. Yes. because they were humans without any security. Brother, sister, look at the condition the world is in now. Oh yeah, sir. Yeah. The condition of this world is so miserable. Yes, it is. And they that they have not even realized that. Talk to a person on the street. Y and tell him that Jesus Christ is coming again soon. And you tell to your business. Right. True. I am also a Christian. You're right. I attend so and so church. Hallelujah. They have made they are relying on something that cannot give them life. Something that cannot give them security. something that cannot give them salvation. Hallelujah. But they don't realize that how miserable that is. That's why the prophet said that we should pity them. And we are still pitying them. Praise be the name of our God. Hallelujah. So he said, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high, I love that scripture. shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty. Hallelujah. Not under the shadow of what you can think with your mind. No. Not under the shadow of what you can do by yourself. Hallelujah. Not under the shadow of your flex security, but under the shadow of the Almighty. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge. Amen. And my fortress, yes, sir. My God, in him will I trust. Hallelujah. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler and from the knowome pestilence. Nothing. The believer should be afraid of nothing. Yes, sir. In fact, the Bible say that we should be bold as the lions. Amen. Any situation that we find ourselves, we should be bold. Amen. We should be bold as liars. Brother, sister, look, anywhere we are, we have to let that feeling be in us. We should not walk as people with fear. No. If you do that, you defeat your own faith. You walk with boldness and of sound mind. Because you know that there is a great security around us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And that was what Elisha demonstrated when the Syrian soldiers were sent to arrest him. And his servant saw the soldiers and they started he started crying said Allah master we are finished. Yeah we are finished. Yeah. The servant didn't know anything. The servant couldn't see what Elisha have seen. Right. Hallelujah. But it did not disturb Elijah because Elisha knew that those that are with them, they are more than what his servant was seeing. Amen. He said, "Lord, will you open the eye of my servant?" And when the Lord opened the eye of his servant and he raised his eye, he said all around the mountains there were chariots. There were chariots of fire. The angel have surrounded and they were guarding Elisha. [Music] Hallelujah. Elisha didn't entertain any fear. No. Why should I, brother Ray? Amen. Why should I entertain fear when the prophet of God in this end time has told me? All right. Hallelujah. I say he has told me. Amen. Yeah. That this message of this hour wherever it will be preached, the pillar of fire will be there. Hallelujah. Why should I be afraid without any doubt this evening? I know that he is here. And that give me courage. Glory. That give me strength. That give me sound mind and I can assertain that I am under that security. Yeah, I am under that shadow of the almighty. There is no cause for any alarm. Don't be afraid of the things that is going on in this world, brother or sister. He said when you see things coming and you are so dejected, you are so troubled and he say look up. Hallelujah. He said look up. Amen and amen. He say look up. But today let's listen to what the prophet said here about the token. He said but in this glorious place under this covenant there is difference between the blood and the life. The token for the believer today is the Holy Ghost. Amen. And that is your security. Not the blood a chemistry but it is the Holy Spirit of God that is the token that God require of the church today. God must see this token. He must see it in everyone of us. Meaning you must make sure that you have that security. You must make sure that you are in safety place. Amen. He said to the world is a bench of foolishness but to God it is the only way. The only thing he require is that token. It must be there and you cannot have the token until the fair is paid. Then you are a possessor of the token which gives you the privilege of a free pass. Hallelujah. You see it now. When you have it, you have a free pass. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. When you have that security, brother, nothing can harm you, sister. Nothing can harm you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Nothing. He said pestilence will come, but it will not touch you. Because you are under the shadow of the almighty. That is your security. Amen. He said when I see the blood I'll pass over you. What a time that what a privilege to know that you pack within you that pass. When I see the blood I will pass over you is the only thing that he recognize is nothing else that can take its place. Amen. No substitute, no. No denomination, no. Nothing else. It takes that. It takes that. Hallelujah. You remember one time when uh the two brothers Salmon and the other one was sent by General Joshua to go and spy Jericho. The Bible told us that they found themselves in a prostitute's home and surprisingly the prostitute handled them very nicely because their presence alone made the woman to realize no these people are not ordinary people right glory I know my business I know men come to me for a a particular business but these people are not that type. Right? So she treated them with a special care. And then she herself said, "We know that your God have given you this land." Yeah. Right. We know that you are coming to take over this our land. But please be merciful on me. My father, my mother and my siblings. Hallelujah. Amen. Whatever happened between them and the woman? At the end, the woman requested security. Hallelujah. A sinner. Yeah. Who have recognized the power of God. Yeah. She had no other choice but to surrender. She knew, she was aware that Jericho is doomed. Judgment of Jericho has come. It was eminent. So she needed a safety place. Praise be the name of our God. She needed a safety place. And the only safety place she could found was what promise these two men will give her. So she said, "Wow, give me a true token." And promise me, hallelujah. Not just a token, but a true token. Yeah. Hallelujah. You cannot hide yourself in in in any church just like that and think that you have security. No it's not your choice. It's the choice of Jesus Christ. It's the choice of the almighty God. The woman said give me a true token. I know there are a lot of tokens but I want the true one. Right. Amen. And that should that is what every genuine believer should do that anyone that is coming to the Lord that is what you must require. Ask the Lord Lord give me the true church. Hallelujah. Not just write my name in a in a book. Amen. That they will tell me that I'm a member of church ABC. Right. Or I'm a member of church B. Right. I don't want that, bro. Lord, I want a true church. A church that can change my character. Amen. A church that can make me a clean child of God. Hallelujah. A church that can put me on the word of God. Hallelujah. That's right. Like God told the Israelites, he said, "When you kill the animal, put it direct on the fire. Amen. Because the flesh must experience the direct heat from the fire. Don't put it in any pot or silver and put water on it. No, he said put the flesh on the direct fire because that was the requirement. God wanted the fat to melt, right? Every fat in that animal must melt into the fire to burn. That's good. Because you know fat when you eat too much fat, you know what happens? Hallelujah. That is why many people, you know, veins are blocked. It's all because of fat. Yeah. God said let the fat melt down. Yeah. And today you and I, we are also sacrificed. We must be put on God's word, which is the fire. The Holy Ghost is a fire. It's a consuming fire. We must be put on the direct fire. And let the word of God melt any fat that is in us. Any fat of unbelief, any fat of starchiness, any fat of laziness, hallelujah, any fat of lukewarmness, the word of God must bend it. Yes. Amen. And make us presentable. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So it's not just a token, beloved. It must be a true token. Hallelujah. Amen. And Salmon. And the other man said, well, if you have requested for the safety of your life, we give to you this thread that we are going to descend by. Mhm. When we go the day you hear that we are coming tie it at your window. Glory. And that will stand as your safety point. Hallelujah. And they told her, "Go and bring your father, your mother. All your friends, your loved ones, those who can believe you, bring them under the shadow. Amen. Hallelujah. But the only thing is that don't tell anyone because it's a secret place. It is what? A secret place. Amen. He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high. So it is a secret place. Salmon told um uh Rahab don't tell anyone just go and bring them. Rahab went and Rahab was trying to tell the people somehow maybe he has seen his her friend. Hey friend, will you come to my house? That is the only place security will be for you. You know Jericho, he she has tend to be an evangelist. One time a prostitute now an evangelist telling people about the safety of God. Whether you believe it or not, that was it. If you like life, if you want salvation, you must come under the shadow of Rahab. That was where the security was. People people will be laughing at her. People will be scing her. They'll be looking down. But look at this woman. Yeah. This prostitute telling us about the God of Israel. When did she repent? But Ruth, I'm sorry. Rea told them. He told him that once I was a sinner but now now now if you talk about my past it's it has nothing to to write home about. But now hallelujah now I am a saint. I believe the God of the Israelites. You ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. Whether you like it or not, my sins are gone. Amen. Hallelujah. When I meet the scoffers, they ask me where they are, I tell them it's under the blood of Jesus. That was Rea. You couldn't take that from her. She had an experience. Yes, with the invisibility of our God. And she knew that God is able to save. And she knew that if he found herself under his shadow, she will have life. And that was exactly what she did. The Bible say that she went and called the father, the mother, right? And the siblings, right? And all of them they came into her house. Yeah. Once upon a time, the house of prostitution. Hallelujah. But the presence of God turn it into another thing. Oh Jesus, have mercy on us. That is why brother, sister, don't look to your old past and condemn yourself. God have made something new out of you. God has made something new out of you and that is what you must focus on not the bad past. Hallelujah. Amen. Come and take your position in the Lord under the shadow of the almighty. But you know what Rahab did? They told her when you hear that we are coming tie the rope. But she didn't do that. R she didn't wait. Ah why should why should she wait? What about the day that she will hear that Israel is coming? Maybe she'll be down with some flu or maybe she'll be down with some waste pins. She couldn't climb the window and tie it. So that day the Bible say that when you hear his voice, harden not your heart. Amen. Is that not the what the scripture says? So when Rahab heard that good news, she didn't harden her heart. Immediately when the brothers left her, she tied the rope at the window. Amen. And the securities started flying up and down. Well, people will see look at what this woman is doing. What is she doing today? We see that she has started on red rope and the wind is blowing it left and right. What has become of this woman? They didn't know that Rahab has taken her refuge under the shadow of the Almighty. Hallelujah. And it was not quite long, brother. When Jer Jericho saw Israel army surrounded them, and according to the instructions of God, General Joshua led the army and the convention to do it exactly. You see, you must always be according to the word, not according to your mind. Amen. The reason why many people are conflicting the message, the reason why many people are even out of the message is because they allow their mind to speak to them instead of they allowing the message to speak to them. Hallelujah. This is a revelation of Jesus Christ. When we talk about a message, message message, it is nothing but the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. So, General Joshua did it according to the word of God. And on the seventh round, when all the congregation were shouting, praising God, trumpets were being blown, what happened? The walls of Jericho fell flat and they died. Right? But look at the safety of God. Look at the power of God. Look at the dividends when you found yourself under the shadow of the Almighty securing your security. Amen. The house of Rahab was situated on the walls of Jericho. Right. And all the walls of Jericho broke down. But the portion that the house of Rahab was situated, it stood there. Hallelujah. What was the reason? It was because of her security. Amen. It was because he seek security in the Lord Jesus. And today, my brother and my sister, I thank God for your life that you have also taken that inventory. I thank God for your life that you has also come under that shadow. Amen. I thank God for your life that you are assessing yourself day and night and make sure that you are in the shadow of the almighty. Make sure that you are in and not out. I said we don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Many many things will be flying here and there. Get ready brother and sister. I said get ready. There are so many things that is going to be but let us stay put to the message of the hour. And let's leave the rest for God to do. Amen. We are under the shadow of the almighty. Our security is safe, secured. No cause for alarm. Let me give you a testimony before I close. There is a police officer in my church and uh he was transferred to um an another part of our country and you know this brother went to the place with God in him. He was far away from us. So many years there was no church around but he kept the fire of God burning within him. He made sure that the atmosphere okay the community that he was in at that time he will always make sure that Jesus will work within him. Praise God. And as much as he tried to tell people about the message, at the same time the criminals in those areas wanted to bribe him so that he will they will not be arrested. They tried and tried and tried. The brother never accepted any of it. So you know he ended up creating enemies to himself and he didn't know and one day there was a conflict between two groups and the commander instructed him to go and settle the matter. When the brother got there and these two factions saw him, they said, "Oh, it's you. We will kill you today." Yes. It just like for the Pharisees and the Sadducees don't agree, but they came together to kill Jesus. Y the brother was almost going to experience the same thing. Two fascists that were not in agreement and they were fighting. The moment they saw this brother, all of them said, "Oh, it's you. We will kill you today." So the brother said, he said, "Pastor, immediately then I prayed silently because I saw that they were they were coming on me." So I prayed silently. I said, "Lord, if this is your will, then so be it. But if it is not your will, I want you to I want you to save me from the hands of this people. Right? And he said, "Amen." Silently within him. Praise the Lord. He said, "Pastor, the moment I said, amenise, they were almost closed on me with their catales, machetes, and their sticks." He said, "Then immediately they stopped and they stared at me for some time." Glory. Nobody said a word. And I started seeing them going one by one, one by one, one by one. And they all left me. I said, "Praise God, brother. The Lord have delivered and saved you from the hands of the enemy." Indeed, they meant to do something evil. But because you have taken your refuge in the most high, you see the salvation. Hallelujah. Amen. So we started praying to the Lord that he will be transferred from that dangerous place. I said, "Brother, this story reminds me of when one day Jesus Christ was in the temple and the Pharisees brought a woman that was caught in adultery. Yes. Yeah. They said, "Master, this woman has been caught in adultery." And the Lord said, "We should kill her. What do you say? Tell us something." And Jesus stood on the ground and he wrote and he stood up and said that, "Well, you have condemned this woman because you caught her in adultery. Fine, that is the law. But anyone that is among you who have not sinned should first cast the stone and they were standing with their stones like this. No one was able to cast the stone and the Bible say they started living one by one. Right. Right. One by one starting from the elders. Right. And eventually all of them left. And I told your brother that this is what God have done for you. Remember that woman. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we pray to the Lord. We pray to the Lord. Oh Lord Jesus. Let this brother be transferred from the place. And the Lord heard our prayers. And within no time the brother was transferred to another place, another town. But that was not the end. R you see when God save you from one temptation. Don't don't think that it is finished. That's right. Hallelujah. The Bible said that they shall endure to the end. So long the end has not come, you can be entering into diverse temptations. You see, it is the Bible put it diverse. Yes. But what I believe is that the God that delivered me from the first temptation, he will deliver me from the second temptation. He will deliver me from the third temptation. Any temptation that the enemy put me in, the Lord will deliver me out of it. Because I am under the shadow of the almighty. Glory. True. Where the brother was transferred was worse than the previous place. In that same place, they came around. You see the moment they see we call them C that is criminal investigation department they go in for the criminals. So if anyone of such people are transferred to those towns the criminals always want to affiliate with him so that they can go on with their with their with their criminalities. Yeah. So quickly they want to come around. Oh, bra, take this money. Oh, this take this money. And they'll be giving you food. They'll be giving you I mean a whole lot of things. Sheep, even cows, they'll come and give it to you. But this brother refused every bit of it, even at the place that he was transferred to. And you know what? When they tried and they were not able to do that, then they hired some women to go and put him down. You understand what I mean? Yeah. In fact, various types of women Yeah. the tall, the short, the fat ones, and the slim ones, the black ones, the yellow ones. I mean a the different kinds. He said, "Pastor, I see that they were pushing the women to come and tempt me, but I stood on my foot because I know that I'm a child of God." Amen. And they couldn't do anything of that nature. And one day, he said he was at the office when a young man entered into the office. So I'm looking for uh officer so so and so. He said oh yeah he's in. Then he was invited in. When he was looking for the brother the brother went to look at the he doesn't know him anywhere and the man said sir h please I am here to to talk to you. He said go ahead. The first question he asked him brother Ray was that what idol do you worship? What idol? I am a Christian. That was the brother said I'm a Christian. I don't worship idols. He says sir please I I want you to be sincere with me. I want to make I want you to make me your friend. That is why I came to ask you this please. I want to know the type of idol you worship. Brother said well if you want still to know the idol that I worship then honestly I don't have any idol. The only thing I worship is Jesus Christ in the message of the hour. Hallelujah. And that was what the brother said. Then the man open up. He said, "Sir, I am here for a purpose. I am a witch doctor. And I have so many witches. I have so many idols that I worship." He said, "I inherited it from my own dad. And some elders of this town have asked me to kill you. Wow. And this idols I have used it to kill a lot of people but I have tried it on you on several occasions but anytime I tried I don't get you. He said anytime I tried I don't get you. So I become so confused. I don't know. That is why I'm here to find out. Maybe you have some idols that is power than mine. Hallelujah. The brother said, "Praise God." [Applause] Hallelujah. Then he remembered that scripture. He that abideth under the shadow of the Almighty. Hallelujah. You are secured. Amen. No cost for any alarm. No matter what the devil do, no matter what artillery they will aim on you, it will not materialize because you have your security. Amen. You are at a safety position. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Can I read s this scripture so that we close? Okay. Amen. Leviticus chapter 25, we are closing with that scripture. Amen. Leviticus chapter 25 and verse 18 and 19. He said, he said, "Wherefore ye shall do my status and keep my judgments and do them, and yet shall dwell in the land in safety. And the land shall yield her fruit, and yeah shall eat your field, and dwell therein in safety." Praise be the name of our God. Let us just brother and sister do the will of God by accepting what God have given us in this our time without exchanging it to any fancy thing in this world. We are not going to exchange it with any intellectuality of any man. No, because our security don't lie in their minds. But it lies in the hands of Jesus Christ which is the message of this hour. My brother, my sister, let us press on. with the message. Let us press on. Let us continue to press on with the message. Let us stay with the message. Let us eat the message. Let us drink the message. Let us go with the message and come with the message. Let us sleep with the message. And when we get up also in the morning, let us get up with the message. The Lord bless all of us. Let's put the clap offering to the Lord Jesus. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, thank you Jesus. Oh father, we thank you for what you have made us to be. Lord Jesus, it is never our might. It's never our power. It not anything that we have done ourselves. Yeah. But it is what you purpose for us in you before the foundation of the world. We thank you, Father, for making us who we are today. Lord, continue to strengthen us in all things that we do, Lord Jesus. Without you being with us, we wouldn't know where we will be. Therefore, Lord Jesus, let your countenance continue to overshadow us. Help us to always dwell in the secret place of the most high. Let us abide under the shadow of the Almighty. Oh God, that our security will be intact. We thank you. We bless you. Hallelujah. For blessing us this evening. Father, I commit your sons and your daughters into your mighty hands in this church. You know their desires. You know what is on your the tables of their heart. Lord, I pray, oh God, grant unto them. I pray and commend brother Samuel also and the family into your mighty hands. Lord, wherever they are, let your mighty protections be upon them and bring them in safely also. Thank you, Father. Thank you again for all that you are doing for us. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless all of us. Brother Bill, take over. God bless you. So, we say, "Praise the Lord." And I'll say it again. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. Uh, God is good all the time. Amen. God is good all the [Music] time in this heart of mine. God is good. all the [Music] time. The darkest night is light will shine. God is good. God is good all. Oh, we were sinners so unworthy. Yet for us he chose to die. fill us with his holy spirit [Applause] [Music] [Applause] and that is love. Amen. His [Applause] everlasting and his mercies they will never end. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise. Heart of mine. God is good. All the [Music] time his life will shine. God is good. God is good. [Music] I can't I can't see the word. Can Can you sing that? Can you see it? Oh. If you're walking through the valley and there are shadows, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound because he promised never leave you nor his word is oh God is good all the time. [Music] This song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good, all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, this little light, I'm going to let it shine. This little light, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Hide it under a bushel. No, I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a bushel. I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under abortion. No, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. I suppose if it was Rahab and put a light out there, right? I ain't going to hide it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing uh days of Elijah. [Music] These are the days of Elijah preparing the word of the Lord. In these are the days of your servant Moses right [Music] behind the voice in the desert crying prepare the way of the Lord. Behold, he's coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. On the clouds, shining like the sun is called lift your voice. In the year of jubilee on a thine hill [Applause] [Music] sal you take the bones and of your servant victory. in the temple of grace. And these are the days of the harvest that [Applause] feel in your [Applause] word and be [Music] a vine declaring the word of the Lord. Behold, he's coming. Amen. [Music] At the trumpets call, lift your voice. It's the jubilee. Outside him, salvation come. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no like Jehovah. There's no God like God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Oh, he comes riding along the cloud. Amen. Amen. Lift your voice. [Music] Let him salvation. Amen. Glory to God. Let's give the Lord hand praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. We'll have brother Rockco close in prayer. Okay. [Music] Father, we thank you tonight. It was good to be in the house of the Lord. I My cup runth over tonight just met us in such a special way. What an encouragement. What a faithb building message. coming straight from the throne, beckoning us, Lord, to come to the shadow of your wings and stay there. Oh God, I don't know of any place I'd rather be. I just pray, Lord, keep away all hindrances. So let me stay there in that secret place so you can whisper love secrets to me. Build my faith, Lord, to the place where I'll be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye, to have a body like your own glorious body. I pray, Lord, for our brother, the remainder of his travels in this country, he's leaving. I'm just asking Lord that you would just renew his strength and continue to fill his mouth with your wisdom and power that he may go forth Lord and declare the year of Jubilee is here. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Take take the name of Jesus with you. Child of sorrow, take the name of your excuse. You really God bless [Music] you. You take it everywhere you go. [Music] Don't forget to shake hands with your neighbor and joy. [Music] Oh sweet. [Music] I love [Music] every precious name. [Music] Oh, h [Music] earth. Oh, father earth and heaven. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
