################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-03 - A Complex Situation - Jeremy Shreiner - Jeremy Shreiner.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-03
Title:   A Complex Situation - Jeremy Shreiner
Speaker: Jeremy Shreiner
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIL_uZggOTI
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
47:26 - Ministry
2:05:48 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I want to be standing on your side, Lord, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Oh, let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my fear. Let the worshippers arise. Oh yeah. Oh, let the sons in the dark see. Oh yes, Lord. I'm surrendering my all. My all. I surrender to the king. I'm going to sing that first verse just one more time. Father, I see. Hallelujah. Oh father, I see that you are drawing more light in the sand and I want to be standing on your side. Oh Lord, holding your hand. So let your kingom come, Lord. Let it live inside of me. This is my prayer. Oh, this is my belief. Let the [Music] worrise. Let us arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Lord, surrendering our all. I give you my all. I surrender to the king. Father, I hear. Oh, Father, I hear it growing louder. It is a song of your redeem. And as the saints of every nation, oh yes, our awakening to sing. Oh, from our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the heavens ring. This is our song. Oh, a song to our king. Let the worshipers arrive. Oh yes. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, let them see. I'm surrendering my all. I give you my all. I surrender to the king. Oh, I like this verse right here. Amen. This talking about you now. Oh, Father, I see your bride of power with full authority. Oh, she is to every promise and believe in what she speaks. Oh, every weapon that's born against her has fallen in. Oh, hear her praise. Oh, to the King of Kings. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let's rise. Let the sons and the daughter. Oh, let us sing a new song. I am surrendering my all. I give him my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Father, I see. Oh father, I see your power rejoicing in a song of victory. Oh, every chain of death has been broken and they have been set free. Oh Satan, your kingdom is defeated. Oh, so let our worship bring praises to our Lord. Glory to our King. So let the worshippers arise. Oh, let us arise. Let the sons and the daughters. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I [Music] surrendering. Oh, I surrender my own Lord. I surrender to the king. Hallelujah. Let the worshippers, let the worippers around. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Let them sing for I'm surrendering. Lord, I surrender. I surrender to the king. Let's all stand. Amen. Let's sing it just one more time real softly. Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. Let us sing. Oh, I surrendering my all. I surrender my own. I surrender to the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why we're here tonight. Amen. Worship him. Amen. To surrender our all. To give our all to the King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm so glad that we have that privilege. Amen. To worship God. Amen. In spirit and in truth. And I tell you what, I say it a lot, but it's just the truth. We're just a real privileged people. Amen. most privileged, blessed people on the face of the earth. Amen. The bride Jesus Christ. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Praise God. Amen. Amen. Well, I tell you what, it's just good to be in the house of God. Amen. Even if it is a Saturday, don't matter. The Lord's still here with us. Amen. Don't matter. Amen. So glad we can set aside times to have special meetings. God's so good to us. And just want to say it all to all the visitors. We pray that God richly bless you. Amen. Amen. Praise God. It's and thankfully we're thankful that he's here most of all. Most importantly. Amen. So, we're certainly thankful for that tonight. Amen. We just have just a few prayer requests tonight. But how many knows that our God's able to meet each and every one of these needs? Amen. Do you believe that tonight? Amen. I know. I certainly do, too. Amen. Our God is a way maker, a miracle worker, and a promisekeeper. So, we're certainly thankful for that tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is a uh this request says that pray that the Lord will fix the broken in spirit. Amen. Well, the Lord is certainly mindful of that and he's able to fix that problem. Amen. He knows all about it. This is um from sister Naomi says, "Pray for our lost loved ones. The Lord knows." Amen. Just remember that need and prayer that God would just continue to be with them that don't know him that they would come to know him in a real personal way. Amen. Amen. This request says to please keep my family in prayer. Amen. God knows that need and situation. He's mindful of it. Amen. It's also uh see prayers for sister Stephanie Landy. She's not feeling well. Needs a healing touch. Amen. So just remember our sister tonight. Amen. Kind of a kind of miss her. Amen. No, she's right over Oh, that was from Sunday. Yeah, because I did have some requests from Sunday. I'm sorry. Well, praise the Lord. Well, thank God she's here with us tonight. Amen. Praise God. Oh, I feel like that happens to me all the time. That's funny. Amen. Amen. Well, thank God for his mercy and his healing touch. Amen. I'm glad to have you with us, sister. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. This is from Brother Carlos. says to please pray for my grandson. He is in need of prayer. And for also my wife, brother Carlos. Amen. Glad to have Sister Irma with us tonight. Amen. Glad that she's with us service. Amen. Praise the Lord. And how many knows we serve a mighty God tonight. Amen. Amen. I'll tell you what, I'm so thankful for that. Amen. I'm so glad that we serve an almighty God. Amen. I like to ask brother Cadre, Brother Cadre Digs, he's visiting with us tonight. He kind of surprised us as he came in and uh Amen. I like to ask him to take these needs before the Lord. We certainly appreciate our brother. Amen. God has with us. Amen. If you have a need, like to make a known lifted hand, you just make it known before the Lord. We all have needs, but we know we serve a God who's able to meet each and every need. Amen. God bless you, brother. Let's let's pray. Lord Jesus, Father, we know that you're a God who's allseeing, all knowing, and you're ever present. And Lord, each and every prayer request that's gone before you, Lord, we lift it up in faith, Lord, knowing, Father, that if we could just believe, Lord, cuz you say it is impossible to please you without faith. So, Lord, we bring these requests to you, Lord. Lord, knowing that you can touch every need, Lord. You can touch every situation, Father God. And even before we can even ask, Lord, you've already made a way, Lord. So, Lord, just help us to have the right attitude towards each and everything that's going on in our lives, Lord. We pray that you would bless these requests. Bless the service, Lord. Bless the speaker, Father, and just let your Holy Spirit dominate the service in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And why don't you turn around, shake hands with somebody, greet one another in the name of the Lord. Amen. Tell them it's good to see them in church tonight. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's sing a song. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down, man, y'all can be seated. Amen. As well. [Music] Amen. Oh, glory. Glory. Oh hallelujah. Oh says [Music] I my burden sound. Oh glory [Music] glory. Hallelujah. Since I all my burdens now sing glory, glory once again. Glory, glory. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Sal down. Oh yes. Glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Since I all of my Oh, I'm singing. Hallelujah. Oh, my God is able. Halleluah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'll sing it. Hallelujah. I'll sing it. Hallelujah. My God is able. Hallelujah. Oh, my God is able. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I feel better. I'm feeling better. Oh, yes. So much better. Since I lay since I lay my burdens that I feel better oh so much better since I all of my burdens now I'll singing hallelujah. I'll sing hallelujah. My God is able. Halleluah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Oh, I'm singing. Halleluah. My God is able. Halleluah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Oh, as you sing this song, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. Oh, yes, there will. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. Oh well, one thing that I know that deep down that deep down in my soul. Oh, as long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. Oh, I sing hallelujah. My God is able. Halleluah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory. Yes. I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Halleluah. My God is able. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. The Lord. I'm going to sing. Well, I've got the victory. Oh, I've got somebody's got the victory tonight. Amen. Oh, since I lay since I [Music] laid my burdens down, I've got the victory. Yes, I have. I've got a victory in Jesus since I all my burden down. I've got troubles. Well, I've had trles. And I had some trials. Oh, every day that I even wore a frown. But this is what I did. I took my trles to my Jesus. That's when I lay all my burdens down. Oh, and I'm singing halleluah. My God is able. Hallelujah. My God is faithful. Hallelujah. Oh my God. The Lord I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Halleluah. Oh halleluah. My God is faithful. Hallelu. Lord, I'm going to sing. Let's sing one more time. As long as I'm alive. Well, as long as I There's going to be praise. Oh, rock that'll take my place. As long as I There's going to be Oh, yes. Oh, well. One thing that I know. Oh, that deep down on the inside. As long as I'm alive, I'm going to [Music] sing. And I'll tell you, he's an all time God. Yes, he is. Oh, let's sing this now. Oh, he's an on time God. Amen. Oh, yes, he is. Oh well, he may not come when I want him to, but he will be there. Oh yes, he's an alltime God. Oh yes, he is. Oh, sing that first verse now. Oh, you can ask the children of Israel. They were trapped at the Red Sea. Oh, by that mean old Pharaoh and his army. Well, they had water that was all around them and old Pharaoh on their backs. But guess what? Oh, but I don't know where my gocept was just like that for this season. on time God. Oh yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. How many knows? Oh, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Joel said he may not come when I want him to, but he will be there. Right on time. He's an all time. All time god. Yes, he is. Oh, amen. I like this verse right here. You can ask the 5,000. Oh, there were hungry souls save. Oh, all the banks of that river. Oh, with two fish and bottles of bread. Oh, and what a miracle that day. He have a born for the multitude. Oh, church. what he had way back in town. He'll do the same for me and for you. Oh, he's an all time. All time god. So th can serve that God tonight. Yes, he's an alltime God. Amen. Yes, he is. Oh, I know he may not come where I want him to, but he's going to be there right on time. Oh, yes. And all time god. Oh, yes, he is. Oh, you can ask Mary and Martha, the brother Lazarus. He was sick in bed. And they said, "Jesus, please come and heal him." Oh, but Jesus waited until he was dead. And they said, "But Lord, we don't understand it." Oh, why you waited till the night to come? But my Jesus said, "Laz is gone for death had go." He came walking right out of the tomb. Oh yes, he's an all time all time God. Yes, he is. Oh time God. Oh yeah. Yes, he is. Oh, I know he may not come when I want him to, but he will be there right on time. He's an alltime God. Oh yes. Amen. Let's sing this now. This is our verse right here. You can ask You can ask the bride of Jesus. Oh, standing in this final old age. Oh well. All around it's getting darker. Oh, it's getting darker every day. Oh, but she is not worried. Muster God is never late. Oh, and just when it seems when there's no way out, he's going to snatch his pride away. Oh, he's an all time. Oh, aren't you glad about that? Oh, yes, he is. Oh, all time. God, I know. Oh, yes, he is. I know he may not come when I want him to, but he'll be there. Right on time. He's an on time God. Oh yes, he is. Let's see that chorus one more time. Yes, he's on time. He's an on time God. Do you believe that tonight? I know he is. Oh, he's on. Oh yes. Oh yes, he is. Jo said he may not come when I want him to, but he's going to be there right all time. He's an all time God. Yes, he's an all time God. Oh, he's an all time God. Yes, he is. Oh yes. Hallelujah. My God's an all time God. Yes, he is. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Do you know he's an alltime God tonight? Makes a way when there ain't no way. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, I'm so glad I can serve that kind of a God tonight. Amen. An on time God. A God that never fails or ever changes. Hallelujah. G. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Brother Roco. Amen. You make your way for the special tonight. Amen. We're going to help brother Roco sing this tonight. Amen. Go help me. He said he's going to help me sing now. No, brother. You You do wonderful. Amen. Amen. We're going to No, the great the great mic. Amen. How many sing for the specials? Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Help us sing this song tonight. I think we've done this before. Amen. It's called My Jesus. Are you past the point of weary? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz shame's on all the ceiling. Are you desperate for some healing? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Well, he makes a way when there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus who his love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is that I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who can wipe away the tears from broken dreams and wasted years and tell the past to disappear? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would go and undo if you could work it out for your good. Hallelujah. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way when there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There will be no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Jesus strong and his grace is the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who would take your cross to Cal? Pay the price for all my guilty. Oh yes. Who would care so much about me? Let me tell you about my [Music] Jesus. Cuz he makes a way where there ain't no way up from an empty. There ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. says, "I know the only can do for you what he's going to be." Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And let my Jesus change your life. [Music] [Applause] Oh, this is joy that I have. The world didn't give it to me. Oh no. This joy. Oh yes. The world didn't give it to me. This joy I have this joy. The world give it to me. Oh the world. The world will take away this joy I have. Oh the world give it to me. Oh this peace I have. Oh the world give it to me. All this peace that we have the world didn't give to me. All the world take it away. Now we go this Holy Ghost that I have. Oh yes. The world didn't give it to me. Oh Holy Ghost that I have that we have. The world didn't give it to me. Holy Ghost said I have the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it and the world can't take it away. This peace I have. Oh, this peace that I have. Oh, the world didn't give to me. Oh, this peace that I have. Oh yes. The world didn't give it to me. Oh, this I have. Oh, the world didn't give it to me. No. No. The world didn't give it. The world didn't change. The world destroy that I have. Hallelujah. This joy that I have the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have the world the world didn't give it to me. Oh this joy that I have. Oh the world didn't give it to me. Oh the world didn't give. The world can't take it away. I'm so bad that the world didn't give it. Can't take it all. [Applause] Oh, aren't you glad that you got joy tonight? Amen. Praise be to God. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Aren't you glad that you got peace, too? Amen. Amen. So thankful for that tonight. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm so glad. Amen. Let's just go God one more hand. Clap of praise. Amen. Oh, Lord. We love you, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, this peace that you've given us, Lord, for the Holy Ghost, Lord, for joy, Father. We thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing this. Amen. For brother C. We come to invite brother Jeremy Shriner. So glad to have brother Jeremy with us and his wife. Amen, Sister Hannah. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Certain appreciate our pastor, too. Amen. Let's pray that God just to bless him and Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. He's God. Thank you for all he's done for us. Amen. Let's sing this tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. I want to take some time to worship him. Sing that first verse once again. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh, I want to worship him. [Music] Oh, he's done for me. He has redeemed and set me free. And me. Oh, it's just because I know he is God. Oh, let's sing the second verse now. When I come into his presence, I just want to humble myself, remembering what he's done. Oh yes. All the victories that he's won. So I'll praise him. Oh, we praise you, Lord Jesus. Oh, I will praise him. Sing that second verse once again. When I come, when I come into his presence, I want to humble myself. Remembering what he's done, all the victories that he won for you. So I praise him. Oh yes, Lord. I want to take some time to praise [Music] him. Ever all he's done over you and for me. He has redeemed and he has set me free. and oh just because oh I know that he is God all and for all he's done for me. He has redeemed. Oh thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, [Music] because it's just because I'm so glad it's because Oh, it's because [Music] and just because I know that he's [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord. We love you, Lord. We thank you for all you've done for us, Lord Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all praise, Lord Jesus. We love you, [Music] Lord. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, let's all stand tonight. You are awesome in this place of a [Music] father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. But you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Sing it once again. Oh, you are awesome in this place, mighty God. Lord, you are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you last we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. One more time. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, he's worthy tonight. You are awesome in this place, a father. Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. He's worthy of all the praise that we could ever give him. I know that every day that we live, when we walk, there's a praise about our life. And I thank God that for the grace he's given us, others would love to have hands to raise. that they have their own way that maybe they're not able to do that. But to think what a privilege it is to worship the Lord. And you know the reality of it is is that really only those can worship him that really know who he is. It's true worshippers that worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. And when he's been revealed to you personally, there's a worship that comes out of your life. No wonder I love how the scripture when David would say, "Praise waiteth for thee in Zion, oh God." While the rest of the world and everything else, they it's rallying around what they do, right? even among churches rallying around their their thoughts and their ideas. But I'm so thankful that the rally of our hearts is around the true gift of God, the Holy Spirit. To see him for who he really is. And when we see him for who he really is, all you can see is the grace of God for your life. And to realize it's it's not of works. It's not anything that we could ever do or ever have done to merit his favor. It's the unmmerited favor of Almighty God. And truly, it's his grace that has come by to grace our lives that we can even accept what he's already done. And that's what we're here tonight. We're worshiping him in a finished work. Praise God. And even in our lives, no matter where you're at in your life tonight, we're worshiping him for not only what he's done, what he's doing, but what's going to be added in our life tonight. And you know, the real reality is it's not so much that it's going to be something that's going to so so much come to be added. It's what the Holy Spirit's going to do that will actually cause us to release what he's already put in us. Because every leaf, every apple, it's already in that seed. The only thing now is for us to get out of the way. That's that's the holy thing is Lord, let more of the word. As the prophet said, as we receive the word, we become the word. Amen. Let the Holy Spirit flow through us tonight. Let it just flow. Let it Lord, just let me be part of the conduit. Let me be part of the channel tonight. Amen. Let's get into that channel in one accord. And I tell you, there's nothing nothing. The prophet said it in one place in greatest valley. He said, "If we all can get in one mind and one accord, there'll not be one person that's desiring the baptism of the Holy Ghost, healing, and so forth, not one thing will be withheld." Amen. And you know the reality, you don't have to wait till a certain time of the service. He's God all the way through. He knows your needs all the way through. And we just want this is the greatest thing that I think about it in this hour that he can come among us and be himself. You ever been to somebody's house and you know you can't be yourself? you get around them and you're like, I'm not really at liberty here to, you know, you just But when you get around somebody that you can be yourself, and I know I'm talking about things in the natural, but how much more the Lord Jesus, you know, the message of the hour has made a way. Amen. That's Christ. He's made a way for himself to come and be himself. How many want that tonight and say, "Lord, just be yourself here tonight. Make yourself at home, Lord. Every avenue of my life, every door of my life, every channel, Lord, I'm available. Lord, speak to my heart tonight." And just let him go deeper in every one of our lives. Let him go deeper. Amen. So good to have brother Jeremy and Sister Hannah, as Paul had mentioned. It's good to have brother Nathaniel, Brother Randy. It's good to have brother Randy on American soil. Amen. But we so appreciate Brother Randy and Sister Alice. Appreciate all your years of service. Appreciate all your labors. Amen. I mean that. Amen. We Let's invite Brother Jeremy and we want him to just have his liberty here tonight. He's no stranger. I Brother Randy He's been over there to brother Randy's a a number of times I guess in the past. I didn't even know that. Uh but you know, we met one another down at U BYC and I think it's been two or three years ago now and uh we just really just so appreciate his spirit. When you get around someone, I I want to catch their spirit, you know, and see how see how they are and and uh he he's got a wonderful ministry. And that's, you know, the anytime when you hear that kind of a compliment come, it's because somebody's been able to get out of the way. I I don't care whether somebody takes their jacket off. I don't care whether they're fiery. I I don't bo I want to hear from God. Amen. Because God comes in many different forms, but his nature is always the same. And so I don't mean to build I'm not building brother Jeremy up, but I want to say he knows this. I have I really appreciate his gift and I appreciate how God uses him. God, every one of us, ministers that are standing here and every one of us, we're all unique in the way that God has made us. And you know, the greatest compliment even as young people, you know, the greatest compliment every one of us can ever give give to the Lord is simply be who God has made us to be because the Lord Jesus just wants to be himself through your life. I say, Lord, just fill at home. Amen. Brother Jeremy, come, brother. We're we're so so thankful to have him here. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Oh, you are awesome in this place, a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. Lord, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Lord, you are awome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. [Music] Oh, you are you are worthy of all praise. To you our hearts we raise but you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Sing it one more time. For you are awesome in this place. Oh mighty [Music] God. Lord, you are awesome in this place. I have a father. Oh, you are worthy of all praise. To you are spirit. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Lord, as we come before you, Lord, we're so in love with you tonight. And Lord, I I don't know every individual that's here, but you do. And so, Father, we surrender our hearts, our minds, and the busy schedule of our lives, Father, and just the questions that we may have, Lord, and ask that you would just come as you would and speak to our hearts. We know the enemy will try to do whatever he can through this service to get to our minds to pull us aside. But Father, if we'll just sit at your feet now. Amen. I know you have something to say to me and to each and every individual. Lord, we're thankful for this opportunity to come and to to to sit at your feet tonight. Lord, I pray that you would just calm the nerves, Lord, and that you let the the gifts speak as you would, Father. and only way that you can that when we leave this place, Father, we'll know it was you and not a man. Father, it's more than a song that is sung, more than music that is played, how loud, how quiet we are, Father. As long as we can get in touch with you and break through the atmosphere of oursel Lord, we thank you, Father, for all of these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Can we just do one more? If you know it, I don't know if you do or not. Key of F perhaps. Maybe you're already there. Consume me, Lord, with the fire of your spirit. Consume me, Lord, and make me more like you. [Music] Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be you, Lord. Do you know what you're singing? Do you know what you're asking for tonight? Mean it from your heart. Oh, consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Oh, consume me Lord and make me more like you. Oh, break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces of my life. Let me be used, oh Lord. I Oh, let me be used, Lord. Let me be used Lord by you. Hallelujah. I want to be used by him. Don't you? Not just in a church service. This will be over, but I want my entire life to be used by him. Wherever we may go, wherever we may do, let's let his presence rule our life. Amen. And it's good to be here tonight. And uh good to see some familiar faces. I think you're familiar. Brother Andy, Brother Nathaniel. It's been a while, but it's good to see y'all. And uh the rest that are not familiar, it's good to see you. And I know that he's here to deal with our hearts. And uh you don't know me in a sense of how I am. And so if I was to tell you that what the Lord has let upon our heart tonight would be different, you wouldn't even know who I am. But, uh, I don't normally use this in an an atmosphere or a setting of evangelizing or going around, but for the last week, I couldn't get away from this thought tonight. So, I just trust that the Lord has a plan for it. And so, if I seem nervous above and beyond, it's because I am. And I just want to be in his in his will tonight. So, we'll try to jump right into this uh tonight. And uh I don't know if I have this set for you can if it's up here how this works or if it's ready to go. Um bear with us on this. But uh 1 Corinthians chapter 10 is where we want to turn to. And I do want to say it's a privilege to be here. And brother brother Sam and uh I done forgot his wife's name. Sister Kimberly. Sister Kimberly. Sister Cam. Something like that. I'm horrible with names, but it's a privilege to to be here and it's good to to to know him and to meet him and such a kindred spirit and just trust that tonight that we can uh be a help in any way that we can. This is different in the sense that it's uh normally when I go I evangelize and I'm kind of all over. But tonight we're going to I just feel to deal with the individual, the heart to kind of get to the personal side of things because I believe in a Holy Spirit that can change you and can do something for you. But you have to be honest with God. And we've dealt with this. I know I know brother Randy, brother Nathaniel, brother brother Sam and ministers, pastors have dealt with this situation. But perhaps something would be said tonight that will help us along our way. 1 Corinthians chap 10:12 says, "Wherefore let him that thinkketh he standeth. Take heed lest he fall. And there hath no temptation taken you, but such as is common to man." I like this. But God is faithful. Amen. who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you are able, but will with the temptation also make a way to escape that you may be able to bear it. Notice you're still going to have to go through these things, but he's going to help you get through it. Verse 14 is very important. We'll end with this. Wherefore, my dearly beloved, flee from idolatry. God bless you. You can be seated. a complex situation. This is very and I I hope that I'm not messing it up with this microphone here. I hope it's all okay. Uh if we take a look at this thought and we and we deal with our individual life and how we and how we understand, we want to we want to look at this and say what is a complex? Again, it is a a complex is a group of emotionally significant ideas that are entirely or partially repressed causing a psychological conflict and leading to abnormal mental states or behavior. It is also an exaggerated reaction to or preoccupation with a subject or situation. You could look at this also known as a hang-up. How many ever heard that you've got hang-ups? Something that you're dealing with. So, we we want to take this this understanding and we're dealing with the mind. And I know it seems like in some idea ranks of the message, it seems like if you start dealing with the mind, people start running. They they kind of get kind of get afraid. You're you're going to be psychological. Well, I'm just going to go back to the greatest battle ever fought is in your mind. And so, I want to remind and I'm not just taking an isolated quote. I'm taking an entire sermon. And then and then also you can look through the entire message and see that through the prayer lines a lot of times brother Brandham was dealing with those types of situations those hang-ups that people had that could not set them free. They were expecting brother Brandham to do it for them. Just like when someone goes to the church or someone goes to camp meetings or some they're they're expecting that atmosphere or that meeting to change them whereas they come and they have actually built a fortress that they're not aware of. So we really want to tie some key parts of this scripture to our thought. Uh the warning here. If you think you are standing firm, be careful. Speaks to the illusion. Is that just me or is that just you? Is it me? It might be this microphone. If I have to change, I will. I don't want to. You said there's a microphone down here. Let's try this. I feel like I'm exploding everybody out there and I don't want to do that. So, we're got two hands going here. All right, let's try this. So, again, we want to start this. We want to tie this together. The warning, if you think you're standing firm, be careful. Speaks to the illusion of selfsufficiency. I I really want that to sink in of what self-sufficiency is. Now, complexes thrive in blind spots. They're not always out there. They thrive in these blind spots. A blind spot. Now, you understand this in the aspect of driving, but a blind spot is an area in which a person lacks understanding or impartiality or where their view is obstructed. So, even with today's technology, you can be driving down the road and you get so calm and so used to your your your surroundings. You you've seen a car pass by and in your mind you've seen them before, then they pass by you, but you didn't see the other one behind you. They immediately get in that blind spot. You think you're aware of it. You think you're aware of your situation and you begin to move or change direction. And as soon as you change that direction, what do they do? Blare their horn at you. And so a lot of times we find that we we come to a church service or we we get into a situation where we're ready to change. We're ready to make a difference. We're ready to change who we are. We're going to be a better wife. We're going to be a better husband or whatever it may be. And then we we begin to do that. And all of a sudden, here comes the horn. There's a complex that's in that blind spot that's always going to be there to remind you that puts you back into that same situation. And so as we look at this, this truly becomes noticeable with the well, I've already overcome this issue. I've already overcome this. I've already, you know, I've already said that this is an issue. I've already said that this is okay. And we feel that we have taken care of it. But every time we go to make certain moves, the horn is blasted in that blind spot. Now, spiritual or emotional complacency can mask unresolved wounds. How many people actually sit in the service with unresolved wounds? We're talking 10, 20, 30 years and every time something you you know you sit there and especially in services the enemy begins to back up and you don't feel like you felt before as if everything's okay. I don't need need to make a change. I don't need to do these things. But it masks these unresolved wounds. And then we have to admit our dependence for the help or the wounds will never heal. That's right. That's so good. I don't care how much we know of this mess and how much we've been in it, we have to admit our dependency upon his word and that we even need help. In fact, tonight if we don't recognize our own issues, then we will leave with that complex. Oh, I'm jumping ahead. Perhaps you want me to, but I I let's just look real quick at this simple questions and answers here is actually ask brother Brandon. When a person realizes that he has an inferior complex or some sort of complex, how may he overcome this? Should it be if he was the only child causes in his early youth? Now, we can look at that last part, but I really want to focus on that first part. How can he overcome this? Now, the answer is very simple. Take exactly the opposite. That's good. I I want that. Sometimes it seems like it's so simple. Well, if I just keep going to the altar, if I just keep doing the same thing and doing the same thing, well, that that's madness really. Brother Brandham says go the opposite. If you're always wanting your way and that one little, if you don't like this word, he said it. That one little brat that wants and I didn't take it out. So, that one little brat that wants to always have everything your way. You realize sometimes you're actually doing that by holding on to your complex. You have built something in your life and you're actually you think you're in control, but you're not in control. Says turn right back around and give everything you've got the other way. If you're selfish and you want to hold everything, hold what? All of the past, all of those things. You feel like you're in control. Listen, I want to make it home. I and but I don't want to I'm not here to make it by the skin of my teeth. I'm not here to to to make it wi, you know, with a frown on my face and barely getting by and moping and groping. The only time I get happy is when I have coffee. That's not the way I want to live my life. The only time I'm happy if if this happens or that right song comes on. Listen, that becomes emotional and based upon my feelings and not upon the word of God. So he says, if you're selfish and you want to hold everything, then start giving away everything you got. You see, do whatever. Just go the vice versa, and that's the way to overcome. Anything is an antidote. Now, I know you already read that five times over, but I was going to finish it anyways. I I don't want to hurt your feelings, but little brats turn into big brats. Come on now. It's just the way it goes. If you don't get it taken care of, you become Hey, come on, spouses. You've seen it in your own spouse and you've seen it in your own self. Sometimes you got to have your way and then you begin to pout and you begin to mope and then the children are this and that. I mean, I'm not here to offend. I'm just saying if we don't take care of a situation, it becomes a complex situation. And I don't care how spiritual I am. I don't care how many times I've I've read the Bible or I've listened to the message. If I don't allow God to come into my heart and change who I am, I'm still going to be what the prophet called a brat. Now, I'm not giving you the authority, young people, to say that word if your parents don't like it. I'm not saying that. And I'm not calling you that either. If you want to leave saying you are, that's on your own self. Now, look at Saul. Saul's insecurity festered. Wasn't Saul anointed? But the his insecurity festered into paranoia because he refused to confront his fear of inadequacy. Now I know we can overspiritualize everything but I want to deal with the human element. Listen, you can be here and you can have an anointing in your life and you can have listen you can see visions and dreams and all types and be have an anointing but Saul with an anointing still got paranoid. That's right. And he allowed that paranoia to then step into, well, I'm going to do it this way, and I don't care what anyone says, and then I'm going to make the decisions. And then God said, you know, it's over. You know the story. I'm going to turn to someone else. Overconfidence blinds us to our vulnerabilities. We don't, oh, we're not vulnerable. We're the bride. We're the bride of Jesus Christ. We're the we have no vulnerabilities. I don't I feel like there's a question on how you're taking that. You're still a human being. That's right. And without and you because of that and you're still in the old coat and because you are, you have vulnerabilities and you need to recognize what they are and you need to give them to the Lord. And you can't be overconfident in yourself. And you can't be overconfident in your knowledge. And you can't be overconfident in your shout. And you can't be overconfident in your quietness. You've got to be confident in the word and what he says for you. That's something you have to take. So notice as he got into this situation, we find where uh where this really begins to play out in this situation. It says, "And the women answered one another as they played." So here we come. They're coming back from victory. Can I just put this? They're coming back from a a camp. de demons were slayed. And I mean, there was some there was some good stuff going on over here. And the women answered one another as they played and said, "Saul has slain his thousands. Hey, glory. He's slain his thousands." Uh-oh, but there's more. And David his 10 thousands. Well, now if we were in the right frame of mind and we were in one mind and one accord, we wouldn't care who slayed the most. we would just be glad that there were some demons that were slain cuz it doesn't matter how how many it's done as long as I can get one soul to Christ. But you see Saul in his insecurities was very wroth and the saying displeased him and they said they have ascribed unto David 10 thousands. Well, why didn't they say anything about my sermon? Well, why didn't they say anything about my song? Why aren't they saying anything about our church? Don't they know we're Come on. He was He was upset. And they and to me they have ascribed but thousands. I mean, come on. In that complaint his victory. And he was complaining in the middle of a victory. And what can he have more but the kingdom? I mean, here he is. Because of his complex, because of his paranoia, he lost the sight of the true victory. He lost the sight of the goal of camp anyways. He lost the sight of the goal of church in the first place or why we sing or why we play music or why we even come to the house of God. It has nothing to do with Saul. It has nothing to do with David. It has nothing to do with even the soldiers. is the fact that God gave them the authority to have victory. And it became a complex situation. Oh God, I hope I can get through this tonight. And Saul eyed David from that day forward. And we're not talking about eyeing David, isn't Oh, look at this guy. He's great. No, I'm going to keep my eye on this guy. That's good. That's good. see where we run into because of these situations. I got to keep going. Because of this happening, because of this situation, let's look further in this. No temptation has overtaken you except what is common to mankind. So, you're not alone in this. Complexes like guilt, jealousy, inferiority are an ancient human struggle. You're not alone. You're not the only person that goes through this, right? No, this is common. but will with the temptation also make a way to escape that ye may be able to bear it. So listen, you're still I don't care how many times you've went to the altar, how many times you've went through situations, you're still going to go through these things, but when you give it to the Lord, he will make a way through it. The question is is who is sitting on the throne in your heart? That's what we want to get to. Who is sitting on that throne? So you're not alone in this. And often God will use the ministry to confront the issue. That's where the human element begins to be like, whoa, who is this guy? That's right. Well, it's only it's only brother brother Sam or brother Brown. I mean, I mean, he knows all my problems. No one's ever said that. It's only brother Nathaniel, right? You've never heard that before, brother. You've never heard that. You know my problems. No. God will use. Notice this. Notice even in this situation where Nathan confronted David after his Basheba moment. Well, David had a decision to make. And you see a lot of times God will use that. Well, then I love even as a pastor, I love when when an evangelist will come in or a minister will come in and I haven't said nothing about the problems in the situation and all of a sudden he starts going right down the line of it. I'm just sit back there going, "hm, don't you see what's going on?" It's not just because I know it. It's God knows it. God knows these things. And so you look at this situation and you find that David had a decision to make. And when God uses that ministry or God uses the word, even you can turn on a message and listen to the message and it's relevant at that moment. You open the word of God and you're like, I needed that. And sometimes it's a spanking. Sometimes it's not the joy of the Lord is my strength. Sometimes it's like you need to get right. And then you come to the house of God and you come with a worship and an atmosphere and everything seems good and then all of a sudden the pastor comes and he gets right down into your house. What is it doing? It's bringing selfawareness to your situation. We got to quit just looking into the clouds and get focused on the the task that's at hand. So think about this. So we go back to the scripture says wherefore my dearly beloved flee from idolatry. So what is this speaking of? This is dealing with the situations of the heart or idols of the heart because idolatry is not just pagan statues. It's misplaced dependency. I want that to be in that in your heart. I don't want to just get through it. It's misplaced dependency. So complexes if we allow them to complexes then begin to uh uh we begin to idolize them such as the complex of control. We want to have control over everything or validation or approval. It's all right that we want to have some sort of control but because we these complexes are in our life we start going through this then self-reliance or resentment uh uh I could just go through these quickly. guilt. Comfort zones. That's a big one. All of them are big actually. But comfort zones because we get comfortable with something. We get comfortable with one way. It has to be this way. It has to be that way. And if we don't get it, our whole mood changes. I mean, why didn't you cook it the way I wanted it to be cooked? Then that transfers to the church. Why didn't you preach it the way I wanted it to be preached? You didn't sing that song the way I like it to be sung. And a comfort zone becomes something that actually we idolize the way we want it to be. And then it be it takes the the the frame of worship. And then we've got success. I find so many people that the that with the true desire to want to support and to do the right things, then success becomes their idol. Fear becomes an idol. How could fear become an idol? But it does. It does. And then the the the knowledge becomes it. the entitlement. I deserve this. Listen, we deserve nothing. I I'm not trying to put you down tonight. I know we fight different sides of the spectrum where you got to try to get people the balance of bringing them back. No, you're not that low. God is trying to bring you here, but then we got to get the other side over here where they're just all up in the clouds and we're this and we're that and they have no idea really what they are. They're just listening to what they're being told that they are. And we deserve this. We deserve nothing. We're not entitled to anything but death really when it comes down to it. And then, oh my, this one's a tough one. I don't I almost should we take that one out? No. Because victim mentality is one of the biggest things that affect both your marriages. It affects the church relationships. And you know this statement, I don't remember where it came from, but hurt people hurt people. Yeah. Y you don't realize we don't realize that we do it, but we were we were Listen, I'm not saying that what what happened in our past did not hurt, but it doesn't entitle us to hurt somebody. Listen, then then all of these things become a fortress in our life. And we go service after service and after service, you might even raise your hands and you might even sing and you might even uh say amen to the word of God. But we don't realize that we're actually surrounded by our own fortress of complexes. And so, but what does it Bible tell us here? It says that we the weapons of our warfare are not carnal. They're not worldly, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Now, stepping back a little bit here, the word flee, because it says flee idolatry, right? means actively rejecting patterns that enslave. You take the word flee. It's not just it's not just sitting there and you know how sometimes we get in church and we feel like we're willing it. We're just like No, you have to actively reject it. You have to reject the patterns. You know the patterns in your life. Good. the patterns and the triggers and the things that often explode. And these often escape notice because they masquerade as personality traits. This is just my personality. This is the reason why I react this way. Get over it. This is who I am. Don't you know this? And by now, we've expected our spouses to just accept it. And it's it's my personality. It's who I am. It's It's my nature. There's scripture for that. That's so good. I mean, come on, church. Think about this in in a translation here. It says the weapons we use in our fight. So, it's not just coming to church and expecting the pastor or the evangelist to fight for you. How many went through the prayer lines, brother, and expected brother Brandham to do it for them? But as soon as they got there, they recognized it was put back on them to have the faith. It was put back on them. But what is that? The think about what faith is the substance. And these complexes are taking the place of our faith. They are the substance that is taking our faith away. So we come and we have no substance of faith and we think that that that prayer will fix it for us and we go from service after I've seen 20 years, 15 years, two years. Hey, listen. One week is enough. The weapons we use in our fight are not the world's weapons, but God's powerful weapons which we use to destroy strongholds. We destroy false arguments. So these complexes are false arguments against the true word of God. And you have to you have to fight for yourself in this. And what I mean by I know the Lord fights our battles. I understand that. But he has given you a weapon. He's given you his word. He's given you the authority to resist the devil and flee. Not just hope that he goes, but resist him. And then we find that we have to cast down these imaginations. I know you've read this already. And every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Why? Because you have been held captive by these complexes. That's so good. They're the ones that's been holding you captive. And we cannot allow that. what it is. We think about the destructive power of these complexes distort reality and they fuel sin and they will hinder your spiritual growth. So true. So it distorts the truth in our lives. And and I really want us to think we are molded and shaped by the family we come from. And again this brings us to complex situations. Now, I know everybody's family's perfect, so just let me get through this part and spit out the seed, but really, we're all born and shaped in iniquity. So, we have to fight our past and we have to fight. We can't put the blame on them. We have to realize that that thing is moving through us and we have to fight it. And I'm going to bring us a and I tried to kind of condense some quotes here because God help us tonight on getting through this. But it takes the power of God to begin to overcome this. Now, I like this and I want to bring this and I want to read this together if we can. Now, Brother Brandham uses this. He says, "Now, this young fellow's parents, his mother is German. No reflection on the German, but there is a strain in that family, and that is they'll just sit and you can talk to them, and they'll just stare you right in the face." Now, don't look at anybody tonight. I know who he's talking about. Uh-huh. See this girl's uh uh uh sister, the mother of this boy, her sister, I have come down the street many morning and this young lady be sitting out in the yard. I say, "Good morning to you." She'd just look at me and I'd stop and I'd say, "Sure a fine morning." How many's ever done that in the church? Oh, yeah. and and you thought that they hated your guts. Notice Brother Brandham here just said, "I just kept trying." And what did he put it on? That's just who they are. Okay. So, a a surefire morning. She'd just stand and look right at you. An intelligent woman. I'd say, "Come up and see us sometime." She'd just stand and look. Well, her brothers are that way. Father and mother is that way. Now, the father of the boy is strictly an Irishman. Moody, hightempered, highrung. Again, keep your eyes on the quote. This whole family like that except one another out of the family or one other out of the family converted. This father and mother both are Christians filled with the Holy Ghost and they have brought this young man up in the way of the Lord. And now the young man is about 17 or 18 years old, something along there. Very fine kid and has been a real model boy at home. Nice kid. and he's got a brother that's just vice versa. So here he's explaining how one has already been changed one but the other being raised in the same home, same family, same word of God is not that way yet. See, but the girls, the mother's family lives close to a fine church. But do you think they'd ever come over there? No. And they know it's right, but it's just not in them to ask forgiveness or ask pardoning. They just won't do it. Notice as I highlighted, it's just not in them. Now, the genes in the father, I told you the quotes long, but we're here, so let's get it over. Now, the genes in the father and the mother of this boy, no matter how much they are converted, still remains the flesh that's been interbred out of this boy, out to this boy. Notice that even the conversion of the parents didn't change the fact that that young man had to fight that battle. So, so you you we can't just look at them and just expect that they'll figure it out. They need to know fathers what you went through. They need to know mothers what you went through in a sense. I mean, you don't have to bear all your dirty secrets. That's not what I'm saying. But I'm saying they need to understand that family line so they will know how to fight it and defeat it. I I I slowed down here because I want you to understand this. We sometimes overspiritualize it and just say, "Well, if we just lead them to this, they'll figure it out." But then that young person is fighting it and they think they're all alone in it. My mom didn't go through this. My dad didn't go through this. Notice what it said here. Therefore, the boy has got a complex in him. Just like from his mother's family, and they are not forgiving, they will not apologize. And that's where the boy stands. Now, I said to the father, no matter how much you've raised him up, said now look at you out of your family. All of them drink and fighting, shooting, and cutting and so forth. Says, now look at your family. To the mother, they're a bunch of people just sit there and won't speak. Very independent and so forth, irreverent to religion. But I said, it's not you. You're the only one of all your sisters and brothers and you are sweet, kind, and forgiving. What does that and your tree, part of that family tree, you yet you have received the Holy Ghost. He said you're part of that same family tree. But the difference is is you received the Holy Ghost. That's the thing that made you tender and sweet. It's not your people anymore. It's your Christ that lives in you. That's what we're trying to lead us to is lead it into you. And I said to the boy, "Look at your family. Practically all of them are drunks and so forth." I said, "And how moody and hightempered and highrung, but you're not. You're kind, forgiving. What is it?" The Holy Spirit. You're no more what you are. It's Christ in you. And I said, I said, "Now that same thing has to happen to your son." Last part of this quote, this is very important. And the father raised up and said, "My son went to the altar. He was baptized correctly in the name of Jesus Christ." And water baptism in the pool said, "I know my son has come to Christ." Notice the answer. I said, "That may be all right." All the outward emotions or motions, he might be identified as a believer with the believers. But until he is regenerated, born again, I'd advise that young man to never marry a woman. He'll make hell on earth for her until that gentle, sweet, forgiving spirit of Christ comes in. Then that will be a paradox in itself to take the very nature of a boy that's bred between father and mother. And yet in his intellectuals, he is trying his best to overcome it. He can't do it. He'll never overcome it. Christ will have to overcome it. When he lets Christ in, oh brothers and sisters, you got to understand this. You've got to let him in. Then he's already overcome. Then it'll be a perfect paradox. When a man is born of the spirit of God, go back just a little bit of what he said. He said, "I advise that he not marry until it's taken care of." Why is it wrong to teach that? Is it wrong to let them? Because listen, marriage will not fix it for you. Because then you get married and you think, "Well, it's not working. Maybe if we have kids, it'll it'll it'll settle us down." No, now you're bringing the kids into the situation. And then we go to the pastor that's tried to encourage and help you along the way, and we're boohooing and crying about our situation. He's like, "Why didn't you listen to the Holy Spirit some years ago?" See, that's why we've got to come to this realization. We need a change in our lives. A regeneration. Marriage will not fix it. children will not fix it. A different grasp will not fix it for you. You've got to come to God yourself. Oh God, help us to do that. So you and I will never overcome this complex on our own because these are strongholds. These strongholds are psychological, spiritual complexes. And strongholds are entrenched patterns. They're entrenched patterns of thought, belief, or behavior that opposes God's truth. They're entrenched in your life. So, I want that to really sink in. Complexes become mental fortresses requiring supernatural strategy. Absolutely. Absolutely. This is a mental fortress in our life that is not just overcome in a sense. Now I believe at any moment that if you are uh uh honest with God even sitting in your pew tonight if you hear the word I mean the go back to the book of Acts and they were pricricked in their heart from what the word being preached they didn't have to wait to the end they were pricricked in their heart let the word do the change let the word do the pricking oh God help us to understand that so we think of these things in our life and and these uh these strongholds that entrench patterns and and what it does is it keeps the husband not being able to be honest with the wife and the wife not being able to be honest and we can't be honest in church that these things are tearing us down. Oh God help us with this to work in the process of the destruction of these strongholds. You have to identify that lie. That's so good. You need to identify that lie. Well, I've been in this for so long. I don't have anything. Listen, we don't You ever just had something rise up? Even in the middle of a service, something just kind of rise up in you and you're just like, "What is that odd feeling?" That could be a complex, right? It could be something that'll rise up and or maybe you hear a name or you hear of a situation and it begins to rise up and then it changes the spirit. It changes the atmosphere. You've got to identify the lie and you cannot hold on to them no matter how true they may seem. Amen. Notice you've got to bring it to light. But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light. For whatsoever doth make manifest is light. In this translation you and when all things are brought out to the light, then their true nature is clearly revealed. What is the true nature of what we're holding on to? Even the prophet himself built up a complex simply by his desire to help people. So from a good thing, he built up a complex. I didn't have the quote down, but you can go search it out. He he says it straight up. His desire to help people. He lost feeling for them. Even at time got frustrated and had to stop preaching, angry that they would not heed the message. I'm so glad that we had a prophet that was transparent. Yes, sir. I I don't know why we have to put this facade that we're perfect and that we're the best and that we're this. No, we are human beings that need God. We have no problem with asking for prayer because of a heart condition or this. But when what about the battles of the mind? It's like that's taboo. We can't we can't Oh, man. You you've got a problem. We all have problems. Even the prophet of God admitted he needed something in his life. He needed a change. He had built up that complex. We can be in this for years and years and build up a complex by just trying to do good. And complexes thrive in secrecy. Absolutely. And self-reliance. Absolutely. Yes, sir. Now, I this was a long quote, so I condensed this just to bring this. In the sermon, An uncertain sound, brother Brandham shared the inspiring story about a lady named Margaret. A bright and beautiful 18-year-old girl was faced with a severe mental health crisis. Despite her intelligence and deep faith, the pressure from her peers, now her her sister was firm on the word. Basically said, I don't care what they say. I think I think it was even said they can just go basically jump in the lake. I'm going to serve my God. But yet she, this young lady raised in the same family, built up a complex because of that peer pressure. Well, why aren't you like us? Why won't you do this and why won't you do that? And just the simplicity of peer pressure, she built up a complex that put her in an institution for two years. And by the time the news got to brother Brandham, you remember brother Brandham said it was an old girlfriend of his and it was her daughter. And by the time it had got to her, they said that I believe the next day, I'm going to say Monday perhaps, I could be wrong on that, but by the next day, they were going to move her into a padded facility where basically would be no hope for her. And so, Brother Brandham goes there and as he as he goes to that situation and he walks into that room and he begins to talk to her, nothing would change. And he kept saying, "God, I mean, basically, unless you come in, I can't do anything about this." Then all of a sudden he remembered uh uh whether God began to deal with him about this that she always wanted to marry a preacher. And when he spoke to her about that desire that was in her heart, something came in the room and changed and said, "Thus saith the Lord, it's over." Miraculously, now after that moment, he's like, "Why did I say this? Why did I say that?" just by going into the desire of her heart for a godly thing. It broke through a 2year situation, a complex, and within the end of that day, I believe it was the end of that day, Brother Huff called and said, "Listen, we're we're taking her home. It's already done." Now, my question is, is how did a pretty 18-year-old get into that condition? It started with a little complex. that turned into a fortress. And we don't realize and I want us to really think about this. This is just a I I want this to be put into our mind of a complex and we build just by the simple complex or pressure otherwise or what I mean is the pressure of being questioned of why you believe this why won't you do this and why won't you be that it built up in her by that complex and within two now you don't have to be in an insane asylum to be in this condition that's good I I want that to really sink in you don't have to well thank God I'm not in to say I'm okay. No. You might have this right now. So, let this really come in. Many times people build these fortresses thinking it is a protection. But quite literally, they have done the enemy's work and sieged themselves. I'm going to protect myself. I'm going to keep arms linked. I'm going to do this. I'm going to but what you've actually done is you've done the enemy's work. And so this metaphor of a mental fortress captures the entrenched defense nature of psychological complexes. And these strongholds are not passive quirks, but the active systems. They're active systems of thought, emotion, and behavior that resist truth and preserve bondage. So you're literally going against the word of God thinking you're protecting yourself and so you have entrenched yourself in this complex of I was victimized by this situation and I don't want to allow myself to go through that again so I'm going to protect myself and what you've done is you have built your own fortress. That's good. God help us to understand this. So what is the architecture of a mental fortress? Is this okay on time? I I don't know where we're at. What is the architecture of a mental fortress? So, we think about this. It is a complex uh or a complex operates like a castle built to protect lies. And then the walls. So, what are the walls? Walls are core false beliefs such as I must be loved. I'm inherently unworthy. They're false beliefs. These are walls that I mean, they're false beliefs of something that you need, something that's there, and you build it off. I I'm unworthy. I I got to be loved. And and and so I'm going to protect myself. I I don't want to ever be hurt like that again. And so we build up these walls of false beliefs. And then the moes that are around it, that waterway is defensive behaviors such as avoidance, people pleasing, and addiction. Right? People turn to addiction and they don't realize that even in the well, I'm not out there doing worldly things, but yet we have an addiction in our life. Something that uh that keeps us to avoid that situation again. We we want we we literally bury our head in the sand, not willing because we don't want to get hurt again. So, we've dug it around us. I'm not going to let people I'm not going to let this happen again. And and then we become people pleasers. We're not truly honest. We're just whatever somebody wants me to do, I'm going to do that. All right. And it's a def and they're defensive behaviors. And then we have the guard towers. And these are triggers that reinforce the complex such as FOMO. You know what that is? Fear of missing out or fear of being left out. They left me out. And so now because of that, I've been triggered. Message people don't get triggered. Either that or you're full triggered tonight or simply mistaken perception. You thought they said something, but they actually didn't say that. You thought that they meant it this way, but it was actually because you're in this castle. You're in this fortress that you built. Well, that's what they meant. You know, every fortress has to have a ruler. That's good preaching. What's sitting in the middle of our fortress ruling us? See, what is this? If we if we really look at this a ruler, a root sin or wound such as pride, fear, rejection that governs it. I'm not going to allow myself to be hurt. So this pride begins to rule our life. It be and it's sitting there in the heart of our fortress in the heart here and it's sitting on that throne and it governs our reactions. It listen we'll be we could be okay for two weeks and then all of a sudden something will happen that'll trigger it. I mean I'll even be as simple as this. You've ever been you ever sitting in your home on your easy chair or recliner or whatever it is and everything is okay. You had a good day. Uh, the the food was good. The laundry's done. I'm I'm dealing with both sides here. The laundry's done. The kids didn't back talk. The grandkids were great. That's good. You actually had a good day at work. And you're sitting there and you're, "Oh, thank the Lord for all that." And all of a sudden, thought comes and it triggers. And within five minutes, you're fuming. Yeah. and your wife or spouse who 10 minutes ago was like, "Man, this is a great evening." Comes in. This is the right time to ask him or her a question and they come right in there because it's been great. And they ask a question like, "What do you mean? Wait a minute. What just happened here? Everything was okay 10 minutes ago. We got something in our mind because listen, peace hasn't been ruling in our heart. I want that. Oh God, help us understand it's otherwise saying pride or self-identity or selfworth. So think of the scripture that that comes here. Pride goeth before destruction and a hotty spirit before a fall. What is it saying that it is leading you to destruction? Self-identity, self-worth. I have to identify this way. I have to react this way. This is how people expect me to do. I'm from the north. I'm from the south. I'm from the east. I'm from the west. And that's the way everyone expects me to be. Listen, brother Brandham talked about going to different parts of the states. It's like it's a different country. Amen. But that's okay. We can be different. And not be against. But no, because if we're not careful, pride or fear or rejection is actually sitting in the heart in that throne and it rules us. Right? So, if we can expose the true nature of this issue, then we can break these walls down. Because you realize that complexes actually keep people from church. That's right. Complexes keep people from the house of God. So, and so, and they literally get sick. That's good. Yeah. Yes, sir. I I know what it's like that that complex. Well, I mean, brother, I'm just going to use you because this is your church. I mean, I I mean, brother Sam said this and and I just can't believe that he said that. I'm not feeling well tonight. I had a brother say this and this is so true. The more you miss, the easier it becomes. True. It hurts at first, but the more the easier it is. And so it keeps us from it. But your human weapon is not adequate to beat this fortress. So moralism won't do it. Well, if I try harder, I will be try harder to be good. What does trying harder to be good do? It ignores the heart's idolatry. And we are there trying to push down these walls with our good deeds and our messagisms. I'm not against you. I I don't think I need to fix that. If you didn't catch that, I I pray for you. But we we can't just fix it with our good deeds and and trying to be better and all of these things because it doesn't work. This idea of trying harder to be good, it ignores it. Notice what 1st Samuel 15:20. Oh, I done messed up and went to the earth. Well, that's okay. And Samuel said, "Hath the Lord is great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rans." Because what do we bring to God all the time? Hey, I went to church. I turned on a message today. I listened to good songs. I listened to good music. And we be we we begin to bring our sacrifice because I guess it's a sacrifice to come to church. Take that as you will. I get it. It's our sacrifice, but come on. It's not that type of sacrifice to listen to the message of the hour to open up the word of God to to come to the house of God and to worship him in spirit and in truth. And I get it. Not every service is going to hit a home run. Your pastor goes through battles, too. Maybe. Yeah. He said, "Yeah, I didn't even have to ask him." Hallelujah. [Music] earthly strategies, willpower, therapy, distraction often attack them, but those those they attack the moes and the towers, but they still will leave the fortress intact. It's like putting Advil on a headache. Well, you feel good for a little bit. Come to the house of God. Good atmosphere, good presence. Man, I'm feeling pretty good, brother. You sung that song right. I actually enjoyed it this time. popped the Advil. By the time they got home, the tires were screeching, the Warhawks were flying, and the kids were running. [Applause] Advil wore off. It's apparently not extra strength. What are you doing? You cannot bring it by your moralism, by your good deeds. You have to have a true conversion. Oh my. I want that to really sink in our heart. And look at this quote. It says there's a little place in the heart that nothing will fill it but God. And man is thirsting for something and that real thirst is for God. Listen, pride ain't going to do it. Uh fear ain't going to do it. All of those things aren't going to do it. It's not going to fill it up. And nobody's got a right to quench that Holy Spirit thirst with giving it to the devil for the things of this world. You've got no right trying to hide that thirst by joining a church. God's the only thing that'll fill that up. Well, oh, praise God. I don't have to go to church anymore. That's not what he said. It's not enough, brothers and sisters. God's the only thing that'll fill up God. The Holy Spirit is the only thing that can satisfy that thirst. And Jesus said, "Blessed are they that do hunger and thirst for righteousness." And it's God trying to get to the human heart. Oh, God help us. And the devil tries to quench that by letting them drink theirelves to death or run themselves to death or do something else. But God created man to have that holy thirst. And if you won't take God, then you'll have to take something else to kind of appease that calling. And that's what makes a man that way. See, God made him to be a king. God wants to set on your heart's throne. And you've got no right to let the devil put the put the things of his makings in you. been led. And let me say this, there's nothing that will satisfy it. He's being repetitious here. For those that don't like repetition, there's nothing that will satisfy it. But God, you can do what you want to drink yourself crazy, but you'll never satisfy until Christ takes his place in that human heart. So, what am I here to do? Listen, he's not just wanting you to look the part, but he desires all of you. A personal relationship that is built from a heart of worship and not an act of worship. He's not wanting you to act tonight. He's looking for your heart. Do you think about it? The phrase heart of worship refers to a profound and intimate connection with God where worship goes beyond ritualistic practices and evolves into a way of life. So it's not just here I'm going to put on an act of worship tonight to make people think that I'm okay. But it is a life of worship. It is a life a personal relationship that goes beyond where your worship is not uh uh decided upon your circumstance. That's right. So what does it do? It involves it. It emphasizes the importance of the motivations and methods behind our actions rather than solely focusing on the actions themselves. So you're worshiping, but why? There you go. You're here, but why? You listen to a message, but why? You're studying, but why? You need to know your motivation behind it. God, help us to keep our motivation in the heart. So, you've got to go beyond the idea of having self-help or just believe in yourself. Oh, believe in yourself because believing in yourself alone reinforces the reinforces the lie that we're self-sufficient. So, I don't want you to just believe that you can do it tonight. You need to believe what the word said about you. And the only way you can do that is it is expose the lie that's been in your heart so long that created that fortress and go beyond believing in yourself. Because how many people go home after a service believing that they'll do it. I believe I can. I believe I can. But what do we find? We've got to trust in the Lord with all thine heart and lean not unto thine own understanding. and in all thy ways acknowledge him and he will direct thy paths. Be not wise in thine own eyes. Fear the Lord and depart from evil. So what this is doing is this causes people to turn worldly thing to worldly things. When they have selfbelief then they turn to worldly things to help drown out the struggles thinking it is helping them but it is actually taking them further from God. And it's not always bad things because we'll sit here and think, well, I'm not doing this bad thing and this bad thing. But anything that takes the place of God is that worldly thing. Then we turn into this other idea of avoidance which is numbing pain and it entrenches that stronghold. If I can just keep myself busy or into things, it's going to help. I'm going to run from my problems. I'm going to keep myself in my work. I'm going to keep myself in my home duties. I'm going to keep myself in this. and we're constantly running from the situation trying to numb the pain and we'll never fix it. But notice what it says here. Be careful about nothing. But in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. So you need to get honest with God tonight. Like the old song that I I love to sing, no more pretending. I can look good when I want to. That's what that song says. I can look good when I want to. I I know the right things to say. I can cover up what I don't want you to see, but he sees it anyway. Maybe I think I can fool you. Maybe I'm fooling myself. I've got to change. And I don't know how, and I need your help. No more pretending. That's what we've got to come to this understanding. I can't pretend anymore. I need to give everything to him. I I don't want to just keep myself busy. I want to give everything to him. So, what do we have to do? We have to begin to lay siege to the enemy. The enemy's laid siege to us. We did it ourselves. We sieged ourselves in our complex. We kept ourselves out of anything the Holy Spirit could do for us. And now it's got a time to turn the tide. We need to lay siege to these complexes in our life. And what is the way? What is a what what can we do? The Holy Spirit is a military specialist. There you go. The spirit infiltrates the heart, dismantling strongholds through conviction and renewal. We're not here to condemn anybody because we've all been here. But we've got to let that Holy Spirit break through our heart and infiltrate that. So what so we must have open hearts. How how can we say this? Look what David did after all he did. Search me, oh God, and know my heart. Try me and know my thoughts and see if there be any wicked way in me. and lead me in the way of everlasting. You think, well, God already knows. He does, but he wants you to be honest with him. He listen, he's a gentleman. He's not forcing himself on you. This is not fear tactics. This is not making you run to an altar. This is making you want God because you want to be over. Not just because you're tired of the problems, not just because you're tired of those things, but you love him. You fall in love with Jesus over and over again. And no matter what happens, you will leave this place knowing I'm going to face battles. I'm going to face trials. You know, somebody may step on my toes. Somebody may look at me wrong. Somebody may say something that will offend me. But you know what? I'm not going to let it get me anymore. Why? Because you've let the Holy Spirit come in your heart. And so, what do you begin to do? You begin to use these things. Uh uh and I really want this to to to die in in our or dive in in our heart. We have to expose those lies with scripture. So we look at David and David countered guilt with repentance grounded in God's character. That's good. He encountered that guilt. He didn't run from it, right? He did not run from it. He did not run from it. I'll say it again. He did not run from it, but he encountered Yes, he made mistakes. You remember when he was questioned and and the prophet comes out and he says, you know, uh uh after the the Bath Sheba situation and the prophet basically reeled him in. [Music] That's right. That man deserves to die. Oh, how many times have we done that? Thou art the man. Talk about a turn of events. But notice whenever he did this, and we can we can go in all different situations, but this scripture means something. Create in me a clean heart. Listen, I don't want to just have a white wall, this this fortress. I want you to create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and hold uphold me with thy free spirit. You have to identify those lies and encounter them with a truth such as a lie. I'm all alone. Nobody's there with me. Encounter it with the promise where Hebrews 13:5 says, "I will never leave you nor forsake you." You've just encountered a lie with a truth. That's why you we want you to study the word of God and not just wait for the pastor or the evangelist to bring it for you. You study it so you can encounter those lies in your life with that truth. Amen. Oh God, I want that to sink in. Search us, Lord. And so as we begin to look at this situation uh we begin to see uh as we've already read this this scripture about search me, oh God, but lies begin to collapse when deprived of mental supplies. The more we supply those things, the more we fuel that lie. But when we siege that lie with the truth, that lie begins to collapse. So when you come back to the heart of worship, we begin to use worship as a trench buster. Not just an act, you can look the part, but if there's no heart there, are you really breaking down those walls? Because what does true praise do? True praise shifts the focus from the fortress to God's supremacy. When you actually, and I'm not just talking about acting it out. I'm talking about true worship. Worship in your car, worship in your home. You don't even have to have a sound of a note. When was the last time you were driving down the road and the spirit of God came in that car and you begin to weep in that presence? What does it do? It begins to shift that focus from that fortress to him. Paul and Silas, you be they worshiped in prison in a prison that they did not even deserve. Listen, you might not even deserve to be where you're at, but because of your humanity, we've done this. But worship him in that prison and see what God can do. And when they, not only that, when God began to move in that moment, in that worship, and in that atmosphere, they didn't break out of that prison and become all selfish. No, that jailer was out to take his own life. But their desire was for the heart of God. And they led that jailer to the Lord. Listen, brothers and sisters, when we've got to get back away from our fortress and realize that somebody may walk through that door tonight that'll need God. someone off the streets, someone that doesn't know anything about this message. Let's never lose a heart to get this message out. God, help us. Help me, Lord. Singing or meditating on God's victory, even in the midst of the battle where we can sing, I'm going to see a victory. And it seems like we may not see victory in sight, but we know the word of God says that we're victorious through him. We can have the same spirit of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo with no promise of relief from those flames. But we're going to keep our eyes not on an image, but our eyes right to the fire. Listen, if you don't show up in there, I know I will see you on the other side. Wherever God is, it doesn't matter what it is. We're not in this message to get out of problems. We're in this message to get through them with Jesus Christ. Listen, the Holy Ghost will not take you from your problems, but it'll take you through them. We've got to get back to trusting him and get these complexes out of our life. Listen, even now if we're not careful, we're trying to push it back and think it's not me. I say, God, let's bring those things to light. Let's expose them tonight. Your children need it. Your grandchildren need it. Your brothers and sisters need it. You need it. I need it. I want victory tonight. I don't want to go back to the motel tonight holding on to those things and holding on to those fears. If I had those, I want to be able to leave this place and say, "By your grace, I am free. There is no chain that is strong enough to hold me down. I'm going to see a victory." And the devil comes in and says, "But you're surrounded. I don't care what I'm surrounded, but these are how I This is how I fight my battles." I like that song. This is how I fight. Even if it looks like I'm surrounded, I'm surrounded by him. This is how do you fight your battles? Are you going to mope and complain? No. I want to surrender my heart to him. Listen, I could stand here tonight and I can tell you things that I've been through in my life. I can tell you testimonies of where I've tried to take my own life and yet God would show up right on the scene. I I'll never forget the moment. And I'm just I'm going there because the Lord just brought it. But I'll never forget he was not too long ago where it seemed like brother Sam everything was falling apart in my life. I had got into such a condition in my mind, such a condition in my heart where I couldn't even see my wife. I could not even see my children. All I could see was the problem. All I could see were there was no way out. And I was ministering in this condition. But God would intervene and he would come through. You see, you're not the only one here. You don't know what a pastor what he's going through when he's preaching or a minister what he's going through or a pastor's wife or even you sitting here tonight. You can be saying amen or shouting and still going through these battles. But I want you to know he's here tonight to go beyond. And I'm not trying to work you up tonight. I want to tell you that there is something that goes beyond just the psychological, something that goes beyond the flesh. But you've got to let him in to your heart. You've got to let peace get back into that throne room again. You've got to let peace sit on that throne again. The peace that passes understanding. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. And I'll never forget that moment and I was in that home and my wife and I we we were going through some things and we had a discussion and y each and every one of y'all know what a discussion means sometimes. We had a discussion and and it just and it just exploded in my heart. I'm just I'm a horrible father. I'm a horrible and she didn't have say anything to this here. Satan's fighting it, but I'm not I'm going to keep going. And here and so here we find this situation where I I'm not the right husband and I'm not the good parent. I'm not the good father and I'm not a good pastor and I'm not a good this and I just said that's it. I'm I'm I'm going I set everything down. I put my my wife knows I don't go anywhere without my phone. Don't go anywhere. Ran a business at the time and so everything that I had I took with me. It was a Saturday night and that Saturday night I wasn't going to be ministering. Brother Jr. was going to be ministering and I I I set everything down and I was heading out to my vehicle. I'm not going to tell you other details, but I was heading to do that to take my life. I was just I'm done. That's Satan had got me into that position. And I walked out the door and when I walked out the door, I seen uh I think it was was uh Ethan. Was it Ethan? Seen Ethan. And this just struck me as I walked through and I was heading to the truck and he turn and he and he never usually says anything to me too much. I mean, he's cordial, but he's just Ethan. He is who he is. And and he walks behind me and all a sudden he says, "Hey, Dad." I turn around, he says, "I'll see you at church." Wow. And I was like, "Okay, I I'll see you there." So, I get in my vehicle and I and I drive and I I go to a park and I go to a park and I'm sitting in the truck and I'm just battled, broken. And I'm not here to to to say anything about just just in this condition, bad condition. And I I I go out and I start writing and when I begin to write, the pen breaks. How does a pen break? Find another go to write again that pen breaks again. I can't even in my mind I'm like I can't even write a note. It's how far I'm at. I can't even write a note. And nobody's there. Nobody's at the park. It's clear as day. And then all of a sudden, somebody pulls right up next to me. I'm like, really? You got the whole park? And then all of a sudden it starts a downpour like cats and dogs. Why do we say that? I don't know. But in in Texas it was a big pour. Wow. And the guy gets out and he starts walking his dog in the rain. Who walks their dog in a downpour like that? I'm like, forget it. I I'm just I'm just going to leave. So, I get I I I turn on the vehicle and and and I and I start driving down the road and all of a sudden I see coming another direction. I see my son, my other son, Eli, and he's coming from the church. They just got finished mowing and I seen his eyes and I see my and just this connection like what is going on? And then I finally just said, you know what? I'm just going to go to the church. And I go to the church and I just just lay before God and I'm just struggling and I'm battling and I'm fighting. don't know what's going on. Meanwhile, my wife on the other side, normally when I leave or something like that goes on, she just goes into this kind of panic. Where's he at? What's going on? He left his phone. She tells this testim her side of the testimony to where she she says, "I went to bed and took a nap." Because there was a piece in her heart that God had put that no matter what it was, I'll see him again. That night I get to church. Brother Jr. not knowing the situation, I had to lead worship that night. So I I say I had to. That's the way I felt. But something inside of my heart said, "You're going to go worship and you're going to lead worship no matter what." I said, "Okay." So I go up there and we have this tremendous service. I get back and I sit down and literally brother J.R. preaches right down every aisle of my heart. not knowing. We're not out of this. We're not immune to this, brothers and sisters. And I sat back there and that night, God, without anyone knowing, I seen I heard my son say something. I seen the voice or seen the eyes of my other boy. Guy walks a dog in the middle of the rain. You say, "What does that matter?" God did everything he could to keep me and to keep pushing me where I needed to go. down on my knees in prayer. And that was to me. You say, "What does that matter?" You see, ever since even before I was born, Satan has done everything he could to try to take my life. They told they told my mom and dad, "You need to abort him, because he's going to kill you, my mom, and he will not even be he will not even be able to live. He will be a vegetable." And this doctor doesn't believe in abortion. He just said, "I'm trying to save your life." My mom and dad chose, as you can tell, not to do that. Call me what you want to call me, but I'm here. I want you I want to tell you this that you are not alone. And I could allow myself to be caught up in all kinds of of complexes and all kinds of things that I'm not good enough, I'm not this, I'm not that. and and and I grew up trying to have be the have the perfect uh uh this and the perfect this and preach the perfect way and sing the perfect way. And then here we go. I'm gonna have to say this and then here we go. Winter Youth Retreat comes along and I've sung a song my whole feel like my whole life called Praise You in the Storm. It's just been my anthem. Yeah, that's good. And so, Brother Matt, brother Matthew Watkins asked me to sing. I'm like, why? I'm not a young person. Just leave me alone. You're going to sing this. So they had me sing that song. So I get up there just like normal and I'm like, "God, help us, you know, let let it be a blessing." And I and I start the song out and I start to sing and all of a sudden, and I'm not kidding when I say this, my mind was attacked. Those keys became white and black. No notes in my mind. And the words were gone. I didn't know uh I I didn't know it from anything, brother. It was like You might know algebra. I don't that is like algebra to me and I've played that song my whole life and I'll never forget saying God I'm not going to let the devil win and I bowed my head and I said God please bring it back now I'm panicking dying inside because the atmosphere was there and people were worshiping and all of a sudden silence the whole entire audience the music nothing God ble bring it back God bring it back and little by little it began to come back the ver the the song the tune. So I finished playing out the the tune of that song the first verse and then came in in the in the in the chorus and everyone just joined in and the atmosphere came through and broke through. Hallelujah. Now I want to say this. I left that place that that piano feeling defeated. I just did this in front of the Leontaine. They're music people. in front of brother Kenny Slacka. I was a failure. And I go home, I go to the to the room and I I call one of my my my pastor friends and I told him the testimony. Well, it wasn't a testimony to me at the time. I told him what happened and he said, "You know, you had to fail. You had to fail." Really? He said, "Yes." He said, "Because if all they see is perfection, What are they going to do when they fall? What are they going to do when they make a mistake and they see everybody out there playing the song just right and singing it just right and everything's perfect and you know the ministry is just right. Listen, we're going to make mistakes and we're God's going to allow things to happen in our life because someone else needs it. Someone else needs to know that they're not alone. I did say, "Why me, Lord?" I'm not going to lie. I I wasn't in an instant moment of, "Oh, praise God." But I was like, "Okay, thank you, Lord. You had you used me in that moment and whatever it did and whatever it didn't do, but it's for your glory." Listen, we are not all here to have that perfect uh facade in front of everybody. We're broken people. We're hurt people. We've been through things in our life, but we need to be honest about it, not victim about it. Honest about it, not to throw it mud in people's face. But if the sun therefore shall make you free, you are free indeed. So it doesn't matter what happens in your life, how hard you fall flat, if you are that righteous person, you will pick yourself up no matter what because God will give you the strength to do so. I don't care how complex the situation is. There is a God that's still in the wall breaking business. He is still in that complex breaking business. Hallelujah. I want to bring it to a close with this. The hurt or question of the past can no longer have a hold in your life when the Holy Spirit is active. And when the thoughts of people still affect you, when you think of an individual or when you think of a situation and it's still doing something here, that's a sign something's still not right. We cannot allow these little things to come in because they may seem small and it may seem like they're little and they're nothing, but they become fortresses that we hold for years and we will never be able to help like we can. We can break free. I want to read the Lord gave us this quote right at the very end. Like the musicians to come just play something softly. Brother Brandon makes this statement. He says, "How many can just feel that God's forgiven you and the dove of peace will set on your heart again." Just flew back. Just now took up her place and the Holy Spirit just moved back and said, "Child of mine, I've been wanting to love you all the time. you just wouldn't let me do it. I can't dwell with your old selfish spirit. But now that you've surrendered it, I've come back to your heart this morning. He can't dwell when we have something else sitting on that throne. But he wants to come back. You can have peace that passes understanding. And I'm not talking about feeling good tonight. Listen, I don't want you to just leave feeling good. I want you to leave changed. Amen. What's the point of all this tonight if we still just leave with that little chip on the shoulder or that little question in the mind or that little odd feeling? He said, "Leave that gift at the altar. Go back. Take care of it, whatever it is, and then come back." Let's bow our heads. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. There is nothing here tonight. There is no emotion. There is no feel good. There is no uh I I don't even know what else to say. There's no human element that can change what he can do just like that. However long we've been in this, I I I want you to just child of mine, do you know how much he loves you? You have to make that personal with you. Child of mine. He's calling you that child of mine. You wouldn't let me do it. I I wanted to come in. How many times I could have made your whole life and you're uh so much peaceful even in the midst of that battle. But you keep reverting back to the past. You keep going back to these things and you're holding on to them and you think that they're going to help you, but they're not going to help you. and you're going through all of these things and the pastor has counseledled and and you've had situations here and situations there, but you still are holding on tonight. He said, "You just got to let it go so I can child of mine. I want to come in, but will you surrender that throne? Let me come back and sit in it tonight." However complex your situation is, I can break it. Don't act it tonight. Live it. Heavenly Father. Only you can do it. Forgive me, Lord, for my humanity, Lord, at times, Father, if I got on the way. But may the word may it have gone forth to the very depths in the person person of every heart. [Music] We get beyond our who we are and our makeup and our our personalities and we hold on to these things. We say this is who I am. But Lord, if you set us free, we're free. There's so many scriptures of changing. Lord, let us be changed tonight. not to look better or act better, but Father, we're no matter what comes our way, the old trigger points are gone. Would you come in tonight? You are the perfect one and the only one in this building tonight that is perfect. And we're striving. We're looking to that maturity and growing. Lord, forgive us all of our failures and draw us closer to you. As our heads are bowed, would you just be honest with him tonight? You don't have to if you don't want to. You don't. You can lift him in your heart. This is not just a a a religious movement that I want to do. Just going by the leadership. I would you lift your hand to him and say, "Lord, there's something in my heart that you know. I want to surrender it to you." Listen, I'm going to even keep my eyes closed because I'm not here to look who's responding. I don't care. I just want to know the heart. It's not about the response in the sense of what we see with our eyes, but it's the response of the heart. Lord, I'm tired of that sitting on the throne of my heart. I want you to sit. I want you to come in every every room and clean everything out. I don't want a speck of dust from the past. I know I'm going to go through battles and I know I'm going to face these things again. Of course, you are. But when you have him on the inside, he'll get you through it. Lord, I surrender that to you tonight. I surrender that to you tonight. Now, I hope the meaning of the song that we sang just a minute ago, break me, Lord, and bless the broken pieces. Let's sing that again if we can. May it be something different. Can we just stand together? Consume me Lord with the fire of your spirit. Consume me Lord and make me more like you. Break. Do you know what you're singing? Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. This is what he wants to do. Let me be used Lord by you. Can you do it from here now? Please go beyond this. Oh, consume me Lord. Hallelujah. With the fire of your [Music] spirit. Consume me, Lord, and make me more like you. Lord, I mean this from my heart. Break me Lord and bless the broken pieces of my life. Oh, let me be used Lord by you. Can we just do it one more time now before we change the song? Oh yes. Hallelujah. Consume. Sing it out church. Hallelujah. With the fire. It's not just about one person. Focus on the supremacy of him. Now let him walk up down the aisles of our heart. Let him speak to you directly. Make me more like you. Oh, won't you break me, Lord? And bless the broken pieces of my life. [Music] Oh, let me be used Lord by. Hallelujah. Again, don't fall into the trap of religion to where you just feel good. I'm trusting that you've made your way with God. That's what I'm doing. I'm trusting that I have to. Brothers, pastors, evangelist, ministry, you know this, right? We trust that God that they've met God. It doesn't matter what I've just said. Unless you meet God for yourself, it won't have any effect. But I do want to change the song. I want to change it to this. Give me the key of A because no matter what your past says and what your fortress, what it looked like before, I want to sing this if I can. I hope we can catch this. I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price for Jesus has changed my whole life. Oh, if anybody asks you just who I am. Won't you tell them? Tell them I've been redeemed. Would you let that change happen tonight? Oh yes, I am redeemed. Hi, brother Sam. A price for Jesus. He's changed my whole life. Oh, I like this part. Now, come on, tell them who you are. Oh, if anybody asks you just who I am, you can tell them that I am redeemed. One more time singing. I am redeemed. I've been bought with a price. Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, you can tell them I am redeemed. Oh my. One more time. Hallelujah. Singing. I am. [Music] Oh yes. time. But we for Jesus. Oh, he's changed my whole life. My whole life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, Tell you [Music] got any rivers? Got any rivers? God any rivers? Hallelujah. You thank uncrossable God. any mountains you cannot run through. God specializes in things thought impossible. [Music] And he will do what no other power can do. Oh God in near rivers you thank God uncrossable. God, any mountains that you can tal through. Oh, but here's the good news. God specializes in things [Music] impossible. And he will do what? no other power can do. I believe the Lord is here. Don't you? Hallelujah. I believe he's already been doing the work. And I certainly if you would want prayer, hey, that's no sign of weakness. We're here to we're here to leave out of here different. We're here to leave out of here closer to God. Right. So, whatever it is, if if it's already been met, oh, how we worship the Lord, but let's just enter that in and just if we need prayer tonight, let's move into that place. But let's not leave out of here the same. God, any rivers that you think are uncrossable. H God in any mountains that you can can't tunnel through. But God specializes. He's the answer. It's the impossible. And he will do what no other can [Music] do. Sing that. He touched me. Shackled by. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh Lord Jesus was beneath the Lord of glor. Oh yes. But then the hand of Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. [Music] And now I am no longer the same. For he touched me. Yes. Oh, he touched me. and know the joy that floods my soul because something has happened. And now, and now I know he touched me and made me whole. And ever since I've met this blessed savior and ever since he's Lord, thank you father. Thank you for your mercy Lord. Thank you Jesus for I shall never cease to praise him. Oh I shall [Music] eternal. Thank you Lord for he touched me. Yes. Oh, he touched me. Thank you, Jesus. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. For I know something has happened. And now And I know he touched me and made me whole in the presence of Jehovah. [Music] Sing in the presence Yes. Of [Music] Jehovah God Almighty. Yes Lord. We place you father above everything. Yes Lord. Every need, every situation trles. [Music] Oh, hearts are in there in the [Laughter] [Music] presence of the king. In the presence, in the [Music] presence of Jehovah, God mighty. Yes, you are Lord. [Music] Oh, praise the Lord. Trles. Yes, they vanish and hearts are [Music] men in the prayer. [Music] of the king. Listen to our hearts. Thank you, Lord. Oh, how do you describe? Oh, how do you describe? That's right. A love that goes from east to west and runs as deep as it is. W Oh, you know all our hoes. Yes, Lord. Lord, you know all our fears. And words cannot express the love we feel. Hallelujah. We long for you to hear. Hallelujah. [Music] So listen to our [Music] hearts. Hear our spirit sing. [Music] A song of praise that [Music] flows from those you have redeemed. Amen. And we will use the words we know to tell you an awesome God. You are. That's when words are not enough to tell you of our love. Just listen to our heart. Words could fall. Oh, with the words. Yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] Oh, from these lips of mine. No. If I had a thousand more years, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to my heart, Lord, every being will say, Lord, I thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. Yes. A song of praise and that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, with words I pray. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. Promise. Glory be to God. Lord, if I had a thousand years, I would still run out of time. Hallelujah. If you listen to my heart. Oh yes [Applause] Lord. Every beat will sing. Lord I thank you for thank you Lord. I thank you for the truth. Hallelujah. I thank you for the way. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. Song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. Hallelujah. Oh, and we will use the words we know just to tell you what an awesome God that you Hallelujah. That's words are not enough just to tell you all of our love. So listen to our hearts. Hallelujah. Could we just sing it without music? So listen to our [Music] hearts. Hear our spirit sing. [Music] Bring a praise that [Music] flows from those you have [Music] redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. And when words are not enough to tell you of our love, then listen to our heart with music. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. [Music] A song of praise that flows. A song of praise from those you have redeemed. Yes, Lord. Oh, and we will use the words we know to tell you. Awome God, you are when words are not enough. My love, listen to Run to the run to the father. So when words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our heart. [Music] I've carried a burden too long on my own. [Music] I wasn't created to bear it alone. I hear your invitation. [Music] to let it all go. Lord, I see it now. I lay it down. And I know that I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No room to wait. My heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again again and again. Yes. Amen. Oh, I've carried a burden. Yes, Lord. Too long on my own. Oh, I wasn't created to bury it alone. Oh, I invitation to let it all go. Well, I see it now. I'm laying it down. And I know that I need you. So I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. My heart needs a searching. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. Oh, oh Lord, you saw my condition. Oh yes, you had a plan from the start. Oh, your son for redemption. Yes, Lord. the price for my all and I don't have a [Music] compet. I don't understand. I can't comprehend. All I know is I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the hiding. No reason to wait. My heart needs a surgeon. My soul needs a friend. So I run to the father again and again and again and again. Oh. Oh. Oh. My heart said in your sights long before my first breath. Running into your arms. He's running to life from death. And I feel this rush deep in my chest. Your mercy is calling out just as I am. You pull me in. And I know that I need you. I run to the father. I fall into grace. I'm done with the high reason to wait. Oh, my heart needs a search. My soul needs a bread. So I run to the father again in and again and again and again. Fall into grace. Done with the hiding reason to wait on. My heart found a search. My soul had found a friend. So I run to the father again and again again and again and [Music] again. Praise the Lord Jesus. Thank you, [Music] Lord. How many could just say to the Lord, "Father, I've been helped. I've been ministered to." Hallelujah. Isn't he so gracious to come by our way? You know, there's many things that you can see this and this is really a lot of where Brother Jeremy was at tonight. And it's to be honest in God's presence. You know, it's the safest place that you can ever be. [Music] When the Holy Spirit begins to open things in our life and begins to go down things that there's no psychiatrist could uncover this. And even if they could, they couldn't fix it. There's no psychologist that can get to those places. I'm not against, like brother Ram said, everything, all those helps. I'm not against that. But we need more than a psychiatrist and a psychologist. I I'll just be honest with you. I don't need I don't need a man to diagnose my problems. That's right. God can work through the agency of a man, but it has to be God. Because when God does it, he has a way that he doesn't make us walk into areas by ourself. So true. He goes right there and he's holding our hand the whole time. That is so true. Hallelujah. It might be Jericho in your life. It might be AI in your life. It might whatever that point is. Yes, sir. He's there with you. Amen. Sometimes it's things that can be so deep from the past. And we as we're still we still live in these shells and these pest houses, you know, if if we were just blocks of wood or stone, well, you can kind of deface those a little bit and everything on the outside. But we're complex beings. That's right. And there's things at times that can happen, situations in life, sometimes when it's young, sometimes middle. Constantly, we're going to have to continue to present ourselves under the washing of water by the word. There's nothing that can expose and minister to the depths in our life like the Lord can. Absolutely. I tell you, we're not alone. Amen. We're not helpless. We're not hopeless because of him. That's why in the midst of the situation, no matter what it's been, you can look to him tonight who has taken a hold of your hand to go right down into that place in your life. And like the prophet told the one sister across the prayer line and why Christ speak, he said, "The power of that complex has been broken just now." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. She wasn't aware of the break, but he identified that breakage and she said, "Will you think I'm going to be all right?" He said, "Sister, go from here and thanking the Lord and let your testimony be positive for what God has done. [Music] I'm glad he cares." And I wonder in the midst of this this generation as the prophet, this is one quote that always stood out to me out of Grass Valley Jehovah Gyra series. The prophet closing it out. He said, "I pray that God will let me come back here and set up a tent someday." He said, "Because I've seen your honesty with God." And he said, "When you're honest with God, it's unlimited of what God can do. [Music] Hallelujah. You know, there's a lot of things in our life throughout our lives we've kept hidden. Maybe it was around people when I was in school. Didn't want them to know certain things. Didn't want them to know I was poor. Didn't want him to know those things. But you know, this is different. In his presence, there's not a demeaning. There's not a condemning. Conviction, but not condemning. I'll tell you, every time that he convicts, Calvary is what comes in view. I'm your way. I'm the truth. Not what you've heard, not what you've been told, not what you felt. I am the truth of your life. [Music] That's what Calvary means. That's what the resurrection brought to us. I am your truth. Amen. I am the way. Glory be to God. You know what's happened tonight? This has taken a hold of that word. It's been poking holes in that cloud. Hallelujah. That cloud of gloom and doubt and whatever tried to swirl around that sword, that word, you've been taking that word and poking holes in it. And the prophet said in greatest battle ever fought, he said, you poke a one hole in it, it still don't go away. He said you keep poking, you keep striking, you keep striking until you break the whole thing back. What is it that's breaking it back? It's faith in the word of God. It's accepting what God has already done and said about you. I say tonight, you ought to lift your foot up and put anxiety under your foot. Put depression under your foot. Put that complex under your foot. On the bottom of your foot, write the name Hmon complex. And begin to stomp that thing. Hallelujah. Because why? We're in the feast of pure M. There's a pure life, a pure blood, a pure Holy Spirit by a pure word. Glory be to God. Oh my. Oh, we're not worked up. We know where we're standing in his presence. It's because of him. This lovely one who's in our midst. Oh, hallelujah. Can we just worship him just for a moment? Just take a moment. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus, for your mercy, Lord. Thank you for your care, Lord. Thank you for creating a care in our hearts, Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for liberty, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for true freedom, Lord. Thank you for clearing channels, Lord, and thank you for holding our hand, Lord, and guiding us, Lord, in our life. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, Lord. It's priceless. This is priceless, Lord. Oh, thank you for your mercies, Lord. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, heavenly father, how we thank you for this tonight, Lord. Father, we've Lord contacted one another and Lord, plans have fallen into place, but I believe dear God, that this night, Lord, was arranged before the foundation of the world. You knew, Lord Jesus, the needs. You knew we would be here, Father. And Lord, you're so mindful, Lord. Oh God, you're not like King Ahazarus. You know the need in our life. You know, Lord Jesus, even the attempts that Hmon has tried to make, Lord. But Father, you and your grace, Lord, and Father, as standing as Esther, we've been encouraged, Lord, by the message of Mori, Lord, that we can recognize who we are, Lord God, to encourage that we're here for it, Lord, in such a time as this. And God, you have given us grace right through this service, Lord Jesus. To expose our enemy in the presence of the king. Glory be to God. Glory be to God. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for this word, Lord. Amen. I want to say thank you, Lord God, for every complex that's been broken. Lord, I thank you, Father, for every victory. Lord God, thank you, Lord, for your mercy, Lord Jesus. Oh, heavenly father, Calvary, Lord, the effects of Calvary and the resurrection reigning, Lord God. This message being waved over the people, Lord. Oh, it's liberty, its freedom, its healing, its deliverance, Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Halleluah. Glory be to God. Glory be to God. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh Lord Jesus, you are worthy. Worthy is the lamb that was slain to receive riches, power, glory, and honor. You're worthy, Lord Jesus. You're worthy, Lord. We're your victory, Father. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Bless your holy name, Lord. Bless your holy name. Thank you, Father. Thank you Lord for speaking to our hearts. Thank you Lord for not only speaking to our hearts but thank you for Lord Jesus giving us grace to move with the courage in your presence Lordise. Oh God to lay everything down Lord to lay it at your feet father. Yes, Lord, Lord Jesus, to forsake it. Oh, how I thank you, Lord. Father, if we can look into another realm, we're leaving with less weight. Weights that have hindered us have been laid aside. Hallelujah. Oh God, how we thank you for your mercy. besetting sins laid aside. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh Lord Jesus, how we thank you, Father. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you for your mercy, Lord. I want to say thank you. Oh, God. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I love to see you just come among us, Lord. I love to see you take your word and just begin to move down through our lives, Lord. That we can live, Lord, as free people. That this word that's dwelling in simplicity can live and flow out through simplicity in our lives. Lord, we're not a holding tank. We're a channel. We're a channel. We're not a system. We're a well. Oh Jesus, thank you Lord. We praise your wonderful name Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Could we just give him a wave offering? Just say thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. We bless your holy name Lord. We bless your holy name. Holy, holy, holy. Blessed be the name of the Lord. We love you Lord Jesus. Oh how we love you Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I've been forgiven [Music] and I am not the same. I've been changed forever in his presence. I know there's nothing like your presence. Amen. Nothing like this presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord of the Lord. Nothing like the presence. Oh no. Nothing like his presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. I know there is healing in the presence. Healing in his presence. There's healing in the presence of the Lord. There is healing in the presence. Oh, I know. Healing in his presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord and I am free in his presence. I have Yes, I'm healed in his presence. I've been [Applause] forgiven. I am not the same. I have been changed forever in his presence. Hallelujah. Amen. Heavenly Father, may you just go with each and every one. Lord, be with Lord, brother Nathaniel tomorrow morning. Lord, just guide and direct brother Cadre there. Father, give strength, Lord. I pray to our brother. Lord, bless your children, Lord, as they would gather. Father, I pray, Lord, you would just give each and every one, Lord, a a good night's rest tonight, Lord. Father, may you just continue to have your way should you terry, Father, through each each part of the services tomorrow, Lord, refresh, brother Jeremy. I pray we ask that, Lord, for as he just, Lord, have yielded himself to you to be a channel. And Lord, we're so thankful for that. Lord, may you strengthen our brother, Lord, tonight. Thank you, Father. Go with your children, Lord. We just want to say thank you. Lord, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Remember tomorrow night, brother Fan, you all got service tomorrow night over there? Not tomorrow night. You'll be here tomorrow night. So, tomorrow night at 5:30, obviously 11 for us at home and then 5:30 tomorrow evening. Amen. Let's just come expecting. Amen. It hadn't it been good to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. God bless you. Amen. Why don't you shake hands with one another as you're being dismissed? What a wonderful thing it's been to be together tonight. Amen. God bless you richly. God bless you richly. There is joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence of the Lord. There is joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom. Oh, there is freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence of the Lord. I know there is freedom in his presence. A freom in his presence. A freedom in the presence of the Lord. I am free. Oh, I am free. In his presence I have been here in his presence. I've been [Music] forgiven and I'm not the same. I have been changed forever in this way. presence and I am free in his presence. I've been healed. I have been healed. In his presence, I've been for and I am not the same. I haven't changed forever in his presence. I've been forgiven and I'm not the same. I have been changed forever in his presence. I've been [Music] forgiven forever in his presence. [Music]
