################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - Church Order 17 - Receiving the Benefits of Correction 2 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   Church Order 17 - Receiving the Benefits of Correction 2 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Os9k1mMnq0
========================================

more beautiful than diamonds and nothing that I desire compares with you. And let's sing once again. Lord you are. Oh Lord you are more preious than silver. Lord you are more costly than gold. Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds and nothing that I desire compares with you. Oh, let's just sing once again. Let's make love to him tonight. Oh Lord, you are more preious than silver. Lord, you are more costly than gold, oh Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing that I desire compares with you. Oh, let's just sing one more time. Let's make love to the Lord. Amen. Oh Lord, you are more precious than silver. Lord, you are more costly than gold. Lord, you are more beautiful than diamonds. And nothing I desire compares with you. Oh, and nothing that I desire compares with you. [Music] Oh, there is none like you. Oh, do you believe that tonight? Amen. I know no one else can touch my heart like you do. Hope that I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find that there is none like you. Oh, let's sing it once again. There's none like the Lord. Oh yes, there is none like you. Amen. Do you believe that tonight? There's none like the Lord. Amen. I know no one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh yes, oh for I could search for all eternity, Lord and find that there is none like. Oh, let's all stand tonight. Amen. Let's sing it with all our hearts. There's none like the Lord. know there is none like you. Yes. So I know no one else can touch my heart like you do. Oh, no one else can touch us like he can. Amen. Oh, I could search for all eternity, Lord, and I find that there is. Oh hallelujah. Oh, let's just sing it one more time. All together now. Let's lift our voices unto him. Amen. Oh, there is none like you. Nobody else, nobody else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] Oh, I could search for all eternity, Lord. Oh, and I find that there is none. [Music] Oh, I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Amen. How many can say amen to that tonight? Oh yes. There's none like you, Lord. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that there's none like him? Amen. Amen. No one else can touch our hearts like he can. Amen. Aren't you so thankful that he can touch your heart? Amen. Amen. And that your heart can receive and respond to that call. Amen. Amen. What a blessed people we are. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God once again. Amen. So thankful. He said, "Whether two or three gather together in my name, I'll be in the midst of them." And there's there's more than two and three in here. So he we know he's here. Amen. He's here anyway. Amen. He comes and we're thankful for that. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We just We just have a Brother Gabriel. Thank you. All right. Thank you, brother. appreciate. Amen. That's a little better. Amen. That mic was cutting off. Amen. We just have a few prayer requests tonight. Amen. How many knows that uh God's able to meet these needs? Amen. You believe that with all your heart? Amen. I certainly do as well. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is um from Sister Gomez says prayer for Marco Miranda. Amen. So remember, Amen. Marco in prayer that God would touch him. Amen. Thank thankful for God's touch on him. Amen. Certainly thankful for that. Uh this is an unspoken prayer request. The Lord knows. Amen. God certainly knows that request. He certainly does. Amen. This is a request to please keep Brother Dave Crest Jr. and his wife in prayer. They are on vacation in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. Let's pray that God will bless their time together and bring them safely on Saturday. Amen. So remember, remember, brother Dave Jr. in prayer. Amen. Just certainly appreciate him. And he's a real blessing, real blessing to us as a congregation. Amen. This is uh from Brother Bill. Says for uh Carolina, Sister Carolina from Honduras, asking for prayer. Amen. It's from Brother Bill. So God certainly knows that need and request. [Music] Amen. This is from Sister Stephanie. says, "Please continue to pray for my friend Heather, for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord, for Sister Rita. She is not able to use her hand. Please pray for her healing. God bless sister Stephanie." Amen. Let's remember that in prayer. Amen. Amen. God certainly knows all these needs. There's nothing too hard for the Lord. You believe that tonight? Amen. How many has a need like to make known lifted hand? Amen. Let's just go for Lord in prayer. Dear kind, gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we just so thank you, Lord Jesus, Lord, as the songs of Zion that have been sung already, Lord. That there is none like you. And that Lord, you're more precious to us than silver, than gold, Lord, than all the things in this world. You're more precious, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, you're the one that we seek, Lord. You're the one that we desire, Lord Jesus. And there is none other, Lord Jesus. There's no God like you, Lord Jesus. No one else can touch our hearts like you can, Lord Jesus. And father Lord, I just pray that Lord Jesus that Lord Jesus, you just continue to Lord touch these requests Lord Jesus, these needs Lord Jesus. Many needs Lord Jesus that are on this desk, Lord. But Lord, Father God, we know one thing, Lord Jesus, that Lord, there's nothing impossible for you, Lord. What may seem impossible to us is not impossible to you, Lord Jesus. Lord, you knew all about it, Lord Jesus. You knew, Lord, what we would go through, Lord, what we would face in this life, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we're so thankful that Lord, you provided a way, Lord Jesus. A way of an escape for us, Lord Jesus. Lord, to run to you, Lord Jesus. Whenever we have a problem, Lord, whenever we have a situation, Lord Jesus, we can go to you, Lord Jesus, we can turn to you. How thankful we are for that, heavenly father, Lord Jesus. I thank you for that tonight, Lord. I just pray, Lord, for all the hands that were raised and lifted, Lord Jesus. And Lord, my hands, Lord, lifted tonight, Lord. I'm in need of you, too, Lord Jesus. We need you, Father. Lord Jesus, we need your touch, Lord Jesus. We pray that Lord may your Holy Spirit Lord just have the right away in our lives and our hearts. Lord we pray Lord you just bless us tonight Lord. Bless the time that we have together Lord Lord to worship you in spirit and truth Lord. Pray that you bless Lord brother Samuel in the back Lord. Pray you give the words of life to speak to us as your people. And I just pray that Lord you just just help us Lord in worship Lord Jesus may just help us Lord to create an atmosphere Lord Jesus that your presence may feel welcome Lord. We ask that you forgive us of our sins and our shortcomings, Lord. Lord, we just we just need you tonight, Lord Jesus. We seek you, Lord Jesus. We love you. We thank you, Father. Help us, Lord Jesus, even now in your precious name. Lord, in Jesus, precious name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Man, you may be seated tonight. Amen. How many's glad to be in church tonight? Amen. How many enjoyed the service on Sunday? Wasn't that wonderful? Amen. Praise the Lord. I really enjoyed Brother Michael. Amen. It was a wonderful testimony. Amen. Let's sing a song. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. How many wants to surrender your all tonight to the Lord? Amen. Amen. That's our heart's desire. Oh, the more that I surrender, [Music] the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Oh, so every day I live. The Lord I love you more. And let's sing a chorus once again. The more that I surrender, oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. Is that right, the more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up every day. I Lord, I love you more. Amen. Help me sing this. And it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. No more wavering or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day that I live, Lord, I love you more. All the more. Oh, the more that I Oh, yes, Lord. Hallelujah. The lighter my Lord, it's the more that I release my cares. The more he takes control. And the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up so every day I live. But Lord, I love you more. I like this verse right here. Oh, the problems I had won yesterday are my stepping stones to a higher place. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now my banners of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day that I live. Yes, Lord. I love you more. Oh yes. The more that I surrender. Oh yes. Oh the more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. And the more that I could humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Oh, every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Sing that verse. First, verse once again one more time. And it gets easier to understand this road that I'm traveling down. No more wavering or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear, Lord, is yours alone. Every day that I live, Lord, I love you more. Sing all together more. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. The more that I release my cares, it is the more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. So every day I live, Lord, I love you. Oh, let's just sing that chorus just one more time. Amen. Let's make it a prayer tonight. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my love, the more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Hallelujah. Oh, do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. Amen. Amen. I just want to surrender. I want to give my all to him. Amen. How about you? Praise the Lord. Amen. Just want to before we move on to next song, I just want to say God bless all the visitors tonight. Amen. Sister Lily sister is with us tonight. Amen. From Texas. God bless her. Amen. And amen. Also good to have brother uh Nath Nathaniel Bryant. Nathaniel Bryant with us. Brother Nathan's son. Amen. Glad to have him with us tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. It's good to be together in the house of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Let's sing. All my hope is in Jesus. Amen. And make us say, "All your hope is in him tonight." Amen. Amen. Our hope's not in the economy. It's not in this country. It's in him. Amen. Hallelujah. Will I been held by the Savior? Oh, yes. I feel fire from above. Yes, Lord. Oh, I been down to the river. Oh, yes. Oh, for I ain't the same. A prodal has returned. Let's sing it all together now. And all my hope is in Jesus. Aren't you bad about that? Praise God that all of my yesterday's been all gone. And all of my sins are forgiven. Yes, Lord. And I Yes, I've been washed by the blood. Oh, let's just sing that first verse just one more time. I've been held. Oh, I've been held by my savior. Aren't you glad about that? Hallelujah. Oh, I feel fire from above. Yes, Lord. Oh, and I been down to that river. [Applause] Oh, thank God that I ain't the same. A prodal has returned. Oh, I can sing that. All my hope is in Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, God, that all my yesterdays been all gone. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. And all of my sins are have been. Oh, there's still be forgiven. Thank God that I have washed by the blood. Oh yes, soul. How many's been here? Well, I'm no stranger to the prison. Oh yes. For I have worn shackles and those heavy chains. I'm so glad he did this. Amen. But I've been freed. I've been Oh, I've been forgiven. Oh, I'm not going back. Oh, I'll never be the same. Oh yes. Singing all of my hope is in Jesus. Oh, thank you God that all Oh yes, it's already all gone and all all of my sins are have been forgiven. [Music] Oh yes, I have been washed by Oh, I like this verse right here. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Well, I was born in Satan's Eden. [Music] Well, that old devil, he tried his best just to keep me down. Oh yes he did. I'm glad. But then I heard from my theophony. Aren't you glad you heard from your theophony? Oh by this message all the Oh hallelujah. singing all of my hope is in my Jesus. Oh, thank you, God, that all of my yesterday has been all gone. All of my sins have been forgiven. Oh, thank you, Lord. And I have been washed by the blood. Oh, let's just sing that verse one more time. I was born. Amen. That's about you now. Well, I was born in sichen. Oh my. Well, Satan, he tried his best to keep me down. are so glad tonight. But then I heard from my offer me. Oh, by this message of Mal for heart. You glad about that tonight. Hallelujah. All of my hope is in you, Jesus. Oh yes, it is tonight. Oh, thank God that all of my yesterday, it's already all gone tonight. Amen. Oh, thank you, Lord. And all of my sins have been all been forgiven. And I been wash. [Music] Oh, sing more time. All my hope. Yes. Sing it. All of my hope is in Jesus. Thank God. Oh, thank you, God. That all of my yesterday has been all gone. Yes, it has. And all of my sins are have been forgiven. Thank you, Lord. And I've been washed by the blood. Oh, and I been washed by the blood. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I am covered. Covered. I'm covered by his blood. Oh, I'm walking by faith and I'm living in his love. I am covered. Oh, covered covered by his blood. Oh, Jesus has rescued. Oh, sing once again. Oh, I am covered. I'm covered. I'm hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. I'm living in love. I am covered. Covered up. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, I am not bound by lack of sin. Ever I have found peace deep within. I thought the world gets now I'm resting in the my savior. Oh tonight I know I have been covered by the blood of the lamb. I've been covered tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, tonight I'm living in God's own love. I am. Oh, I'm covered by his love. Jesus. I'm not bound by life sin. Oh, I'm not bound by life or sin. Hallelujah. For I have found your peace deep within. Hallelujah. And now I'm resting in the palm of my savior's hand. Well, tonight I have been covered by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I'm covered. Covered. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, tonight I'm covered covered and covered by this blood. Jesus. Oh, thanks for watching. Oh, I remind the water that no sign. Oh, just a little bit of faith and everything was made right. And now if Jesus came and you're that little man. Oh, tonight I know I can be made whole by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I am. Oh, hallelujah. Walking by faith. Oh, I'm living in God's own love. I am covered. Covered. I'm covered by his blood. Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. I like this verse right here. Where that old devil has no hold on my life. Oh, I can speak the name of Jesus Christ even here tonight. Oh, he still comes knocking when he can. But oh listen, devil, I have been delivered by the blood of the lamb. Oh, I am. Oh, I'm Oh, yes. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Living God's love. I am covered. Covered. I'm thank you, Lord. Oh, you need to tell the devil tonight this right now. Well, Satan, you have no hold on my life. No. No. I can speak the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, he still comes knocking when he can. Oh. Oh. But I have been delivered by the blood of the lamb. I've been covered. Covered. I'm covered by his blood. And I'm walking by his faith. And I'm living in God's word. I've been covered. I'm covered. Hallelujah. Oh, I am covered. I am covered. Covered. I'm covered by Hallelujah. Walking by faith. I'm living in God's own love. I am. Amen. [Applause] Where my Jesus has. Where Jesus has rescued. Jesus has rescued me. Oh yeah. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm covered by your blood, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that. I won't turn my back on him now. Amen. Amen. How many's glad you're covered by the blood tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. And we're never going to turn our back on him because he's done so much for us. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I'll not turn my back on now. Oh, he's given to me everything I have. Well, he gave me my first breath, so I'll give him my last. I'll not turn my back on him now. Let's see the chorus right there. Well, I'll not turn my back on him now. Oh, he's given to me everything I have tonight. He gave me my first breath. So I'll give him my last soul. I turn my back on him now. Curse the Lord and die. She said, Jo, curse the Lord and die. But he said, I'll not turn my back on him now. Oh, you see my vows were made for good or bad. He's been the best friend that I ever had. I'm not going to turn my back on him now. Hallelujah. I'll not turn my back on now. No, we won't. He's given to me everything I have. I'm glad that he gave me my first breath. So, I'll give him my ass. Oh, I not turn my back on him now. will there Joe's possessions everything old joke precious but Jose said bless the name of the Lord oh you see friends and family and houses and lands God holds all thing in his hands and I'm not going to turn my back on and I will I'll not turn my back on now I won't he's given to me everything that I'll I'm ready. You give me my first so I'll give them my last. There they go. Well, there they go. Oh, Joe's possessions. Everything old joke precious. But Jo said, "Bless the name of the Lord." Oh, well, friends and family and houses and lands. God holds all in his hands tonight. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Well, now I'll not turn my back on now. He's given to me everything I had. I'm begging you. Gave me my first breath. So, I'll give him my last. I'll not We'll sing it one more time tonight. Well, I not turn my back on now. Oh, he's given to me everything. I'm glad that he gave me my first. Oh, yes. I not turn my back. Well, he gave me my first, so I'll give him my last. I'll not turn my back on him now. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, we're not going to turn our backs on you, Lord. Hallelujah. I can't turn my back on him. He's done so much for me. How about you tonight? Amen. He's the best thing that's ever happened to us. Aren't you glad about that? Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song a minute before brother Samuel comes. Amen. Lord, you are beautiful. Your face is all I seek. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many's ready for the word of God tonight? Amen. Yes. Amen. [Music] Oh Lord, you are beautiful. [Music] Yes, Lord. Your face is all I see. [Music] And when your eyes are on this sh your grace abounds to me. Sing Lord you're beautiful and oh you are beautiful. Oh beautiful tonight. Oh, your face is all I see. It's all I see. And when your eyes are all shine, your grace abounds to me like a fire. The fire that was burning Glory [Applause] [Music] that is holy. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let's just stand. Let's stand here this evening and man so good to be gathered together. Amen. Good to see each and everyone and Amen. So thankful for God's grace in each of our lives. Amen. Amen. You know, it's even in being here, it's overcoming. It's overcoming. And you wouldn't you wouldn't be here if there wasn't a desire to be here. And God put that desire within our hearts to be here. Sometimes we can feel it's a little natural because of what we have to press through. But there's something that gives you the strength to press through. Something that gives you that uncction to say, "Let's go. Let's move on beyond our feelings." And that's where we that's where we bring that flesh in subjection. But aren't you glad there's a there's a there's a call in our hearts. Lord, I want to hear from you, Lord. I want to hear from you. I want to be gathered. I want to see my brothers, my sister. I want to be I want to be right in your presence, Lord. Amen. God bless you this evening. Let's just approach him in a word of prayer before we look into the word. Heavenly Father, Lord, truly with the words of the song that Lord that have been expressed and sung here tonight, the only thing, our only desire is you, Lord. And oh God, I pray that you would so continue to guide and direct every part of our lives, Lord. For with that being the desire, Lord, show us the way, Lord. Teach us, oh God, in every aspect of our lives, Lord. Lord, our the greatest the greatest achievement in our lives, Lord, is to be pleasing to you. Lord, to believe, Lord, every word to be the truth, Lord. Oh, God. That's that's the greatest evidence your prophet taught us is genuine faith in the revealed word of this hour. Oh God, may your presence Lord as you're here Lord, may you sweep over, Lord, every heart, every life. You know every one of our needs, Lord, tonight, Lord. Even that, Lord, which lays before me, Lord, I just give myself to you that may you deliver, Lord, I pray God the word. And may Lord our hearts we want to be vessels Lord to receive from you tonight. Lord may you give us grace Lord that the human part can step aside both in speaker and hearer that Lord that you might just flow through us. Lord may the spirit of God may the word just flow through our lives and our hearts. Have your way tonight Lord. May we Lord as we our desire is to leave out of here better people than what we walked in Lord closer to you a greater hunger a greater desire a a greater determination and Lord a a where load has been lifted oh God and our hearts Lord just been encouraged Lord I pray may you come Lord you know every need that's among us Lord have your way Father I pray In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's go right into the scriptures here tonight. I want to go right back to Hebrews 12. Yep. And uh I want to the Lord will help us to try to finish this portion here as we've looked at it. And uh every portion of scripture is so dear to our hearts. And at each time when I can read even in Hebrews 12, I just see how God taking a hold of our lives and our lives beginning to come along in his in the journey. And then even after our lives have been born of his spirit, then God continues to work with us and mature us and leading us on into a place of of adoption and just continuing to work with us. And I'm so thankful for that. Amen. So, we could spend a lot of time on that part and perhaps in some services we've studied on that quite a bit. But I want to just read this here tonight as it pertains because in some pre in another quotes, brother Brandham will actually refer back to this particular statement when he deals with certain things on the gifts. So in Hebrews 12 and verse 5, and ye have forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children. I'm glad God calls this to mind. My son, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastineth, and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. And this is the key. If ye endure chastening, God deleth with you as with sons. So God doesn't treat us any different. And even as he speaks his word, his word goes forth and it just it speaks to sons. And so what happens is is sons will rise with that word. So God never picks out remember even as it he speaks to the to every every church age he will always make himself known. And as he makes himself known, well, that of that are the sons of God that are the elect in that age will rise under that light because that's the only thing that can bring forth a son and daughter of God is the word of God. So notice, if ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not? But if you be without chastisement, now what this deals with is refusing his correction, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards and not sons. Verse nine, furthermore, we have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence. Shall we not much rather be in subjection unto the father of spirits and live? For they verilely for a few days chastened us after their own pleasure. But he for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. Now I realize that when we read a scripture like this with on correction that not everyone had the example of how a father should be and how a father should actually correct their children. And so once again how that how that God will set the clarity here that they did it after their own pleasure there. There were things that they wanted to see come out in our lives. But the thing that separates God from even that of a natural father is everything that he is doing. He does not God doesn't get frustrated with us. God doesn't he he doesn't throw up his hands. He's never corrected one of us out of frustration. He's never lost his cool with us. As a matter of fact, when God's presence pulls away from our life, that's a big sign to us. That's right. That's a real big sign to us as as children of God. It's something that Lord, I I want to be I I want to be in your presence. But so everything he's done has been for profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. I want to We want to be more of a partaker to receive more of him, don't we? Now notice verse 11. Now no chastening for the present seemth to be joyous but grievious. Has anyone ever said yes correction? I mean I never did as a kid. I always always hated it because I knew it was what I hated more than the correction is I hated taking naps after I got to spanking. I wanted to be outside. But I also know this right here is that when I look back on it and through that correction that I received, I'm sure we can fellowship on this some is that I needed it. And at the time it was not joyous. I wasn't running around. Oh, Dad, thank you for that correction. Oh, I'm so glad. This is so wonderful. My opening up the windows and the neighbors here. know as a matter of fact we're sometimes sitting in a room and you think man they don't love me he doesn't eat oh how could they but you know we come to that after a while to realize that that's sometimes our first reaction to it but we begin to understand that love and then see it now in our lives is that right you know we don't see it right away we don't see the effects of the correction right away but we see it in our lives Now, so now no chastening for the present seemth to be joyous, but grievious. Nevertheless, afterward, afterward, it yieldth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby. So by receiving that correction into our life, then our lives become corrected or we are exercised and through that there's a yielding of fruit. Now, does fruit come up overnight? It doesn't. It's patience. It's watering. There's But in order for there to be fruit, there's first got to be seed that's sown. And seed, then there's that seed. The ground is broken up. Then the seed can be sown. Once the ground is broken up, then water comes upon that seed, then fruit comes. So those as we're exercising by sometimes the actual fruit of receiving the correction that has come to us does not show up until much much later. I want you to think of this right now. Think of where we're sitting right here in a message church. The message being able to be freely preached. God called out a word in this hour. God brought correction to to the church of the living God in this hour. Now at first a lot of things as things first started coming about it didn't really resemble but remember the more as we would lay in his presence and actually become exercised by that correction and we're still receiving correction. God is still dealing with our lives. That's why the prophet said, "Lord, may you reveal yourself. May we see the plainness of God in this hour that we would know how to behave ourselves and correct ourselves in the hour that we're living in. So you're seeing now fruits from receiving correction years ago and there's benefits even in our lives where there's things we've been corrected now. So wherefore lift up the hands which hang down and the feeble knees and make straight paths for your feet. Now this is instruction on how to go about it. Lest that which is lame be turned out of the way but let it rather be healed. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word as you're being seated. I want to I want to continue to speak here on this thought on receiving the benefit of of that of correction. And uh I want to come back into this quote here just for a moment to kind of set a little bit of the direction once again tonight where brother Bram says he takes from this passage of scripture in Hebrews 12 and he said herein is now set forth the love of God. He desired in love a family of his own, a family of sons, sons like himself. There before him lies all mankind as one lump of clay. Out of that same lump, he will now make vessels unto honor and unto dishonor. So God never makes anybody believe him. Neither does he make anyone disbelieve him. God doesn't make anybody obey him. Neither does he make anyone disobey him. God simply reveals himself. And as he is revealing himself, God is making himself known. And that is what begins to have an impact upon our life as we get into his presence. He says then the choosing will be his own choosing. Then those chosen ones born of his spirit will be trained to conform to his image in their own walk. Now let me just say this the choosing is not something that is taking place even now. And sometimes choosing itself fruit itself you this is why that you can't just judge quickly on certain things. You have to allow it to come to maturity because there's certain fruits let me give you an example. There's certain fruits that Esau exhibited that you would have pinpointed Esau and said he's right on the money but give it time. And when you gave it time, you realized there was fruit that came out of or or not fruit we would say that would be that of of towards like that of a believer coming out of Esau. But then you would begin to see something out of Jacob that you never saw before. What was it? It just shows us it just there's manifesting and allowing God allows things and gives it time to manifest. So, you know, listen, if God wanted to, friends, and you think about it, God could even through the prophets's ministry. Well, let's just take Paul's ministry for example. Paul would write in other letters and commend men like Deeus. He would commend them and and put them forth. And you would think, "Oh, Paul knew Deeus was like that all along." No, no, he didn't. He only knows according to how God will allow him to know. The Lord Jesus knew about Judas. And here's the great thing. God knows how much to let you and I know because you know even in that sometimes the things that we can see you still have to commit things to God and to realize that even the Lord Jesus knowing who Judas was but yet he never treated Judas any different never acted never gave anything away but see God has a way of reserving things back for us even as he did the prophet when he would speak about you know he would have different helpers and things in the ministry different men and other things around even sometimes once in a while, brother would tell us how the spirit of God would let him know about somebody doing something or this or that. But think about that even within Deeus where Paul would write letters of recommendation and really that's how ministry would go from one church to another church is letters of accommodation and how that Deeus no doubt had entry into pullpits because of letters of accommodation by that of Paul. But then we also realize there came after a period of time Deeus forsook him. Is that right? Deeus eventually departed from the message. Now was it that Paul wasn't true? Now remember, brother Ram tells us, we can see it all the way down through the scriptures. God only lets his prophets know what he wants them to know. That's why Isaac could sit there and grab a hold of Jacob where Jacob had tied up all that hairy mess all over his arms to uh deceive his father. God God could have come through that office of Isaac and said, "I I know it's you, Jacob. I'm hearing your voice and I'm I'm feeling this and I God could have God could have done that, but he didn't. God could have also revealed to Isaac and and Jacob. He could have told Jacob, "Hey, your boy Joseph, this is what your boys have done to him. They did this, this, and this. He was a prophet. He was a channel. He was available. But God only tells his prophets what he wants to tell them. And if God only tells his prophets what he wants to tell them, that's the same thing where you and I. We're not ever going to get something out of God that is out of season, out of time, or that God doesn't want us to know, but rather rather to trust him and just walk with him. And for the the biggest part of our life as believers, it's walking with God and trusting him, looking to him. And you know, things in itself will manifest within its own time. Now, within this part of choosing, let me just say this to you. You'll never find God running down a person or say to you that voice that comes into your mind and says, "I must not be one of the chosen ones." You'll never hear the Holy Spirit saying that. I and I'm just telling you that so you know how to discern that voice because you'll never find that God never told Caleb or the or those other 10 spies, hey, you guys are not even fit to take the land. God will never do that cuz he's never done that. But always God will come with a word of encouragement and word he will come to correct us. But you know what? He treats each one when he speaks his word as though all are sons and daughters. That's good. God doesn't say, "Well, let me just speak to the sons now. Let me speak to the servants." But God brings his word in every generation. And he speaks it to sons and daughters. And what will take place is sons and daughters will rise under that word. They will receive the chastening, the correction. They will actually respond to that word. Now sometimes it may not be exactly at the moment in time and my can be such a struggle with their flesh and so forth but it what what will actually prevail is that part of God that God has placed within that individual that will actually prevail and bring them into the place of the new birth. And then through that of the new birth, they have received a prevailing strength now operating in that part of the word in their life that will lead them on and give them the strength to continue in their journey to bring every part of their life in subjection to the word of God. So you remember from from that of the Holy Spirit coming into a life all the way through, it's victory after victory after victory after victory. It isn't just boom, one one snapshot. No, it's victory after victory. It is God's own life prevailing through a surrendered child of God. It is redemption proving its claims through your life by you receiving the strength to be able to bring your life in subjection to the word of God because you're not made to do it but you surrendered your life. That's how the new birth comes is through a full surrender. And then after as full surrender comes it never stops. Through that full surrender then what is it? It's Christ that has come in and it continues to work through our life. And what is act what is actually being displayed the choosing of God. That even overrides our thoughts sometimes our feelings. It because now listen when the Holy Spirit has come there's two there's two realms of us that are not converted. There's two parts of us that are not redeemed. But when that has come on the inside that that innermost part that's where redemption comes because what is redemption? It's to bring back what rightfully belongs to one. And that's what God comes to claim. He didn't come to claim our body. He didn't come come to claim our spirit. But when he came, he came to claim that part of himself. And then through that part, us yielding and Christ becoming preeminent. One of these days, we will lay claim on what rightfully belongs to us. There will be a change of the body. Hallelujah. Is that right? there that theophony that we have been tied back into by the Holy Spirit. The breach has been span span and here we are tied back in to that representation and it will lead us into that place of a body change. Glory be to God. Now, in looking at this here, I love how the prophet says, "Then those chosen ones born of his spirit will be trained to conform to his image in their walk." He reproves with all longsuffering, gentleness, and mercy. God's not interested in destroying. But you know there is there is correction but correction is not destruction. The Bible tells us that if we would judge ourselves we should not be judged. But if we are judged we haven't heeded to certain things then God comes around because he says I will not allow you to be condemned with the world. Then God brings correction to our lives. He does it with all longsuffering. Think about it. How many times God will deal with us on something in our life, deal with us on something, he'll minister. Maybe here you are, you're reading in your devotion. Here you are, you're hearing it. And then God will bring in another minister. Maybe you'll stream somebody else or you do and you're like, "My, this this just keeps coming." And you go to another meeting and this keeps coming. And what it is, we can continue to put things off or we can finally say, "Lord, I I I hear what you're saying." Because remember, God has given us the ability. I trust we want to have the discernment to have be able to look at our own lives and say, "Lord, I want to see where I'm measuring up with the word of God." That's why I've come to the house of God. I want to see where I'm measuring up. I want to see where my shortcomings are, and I want to see where I need to be. And I want to receive the grace that God has provided because God didn't call us together just to come down and tell us how wrong we are. That's not it at all. As a matter of fact, the way that God really shows how things are wrong is not necessarily by saying this is wrong and that's wrong, but he shows up and he manifests his character. And as he begins to manifest himself and sometimes, yes, he will have to speak so boldly to do what cracks sometimes the hardness that can get around our life. We can become backslid. We can, you know what backsliding is? Backsliding isn't that all of a sudden you stop reading your Bible sometimes and praying. Sometimes backsliding, remember what a backslider is, he's right in all his own ways. Where we become set in our own ways. We're right, everybody else is wrong. That's a backsliding condition. So God knows how to come down and bring a correction into our lives. I'm so thankful for that that he'll do that with longsuffering. He doesn't, you know, God will let it here sometimes on and on and finally a correction will come in our life and God gives us grace. He'll do it with gentleness, not to overthrow us. He does not want to extinguish from us or take from us that we are his children. This is what I'm talking about is the love of God. This is not a love that's based on how how much you can measure up and how much you don't. His love is unconditional. When God's choosing has set forth upon your life and the spirit of God makes it real to your life, the love of God, listen, God cannot love you any more now than he loved you before the foundation of the world. But it's us coming and actually beginning to see his love by the provision he made and the spirit of God being sent to our life to deal with our life, bringing us unto him through everything in our life. And then the spirit of God moving and working in our life through all of our ups and downs, through all of our shortcomings, through all of our mistakes, and yet through it all with gentleness and mercy, he reproves us. You know why? Cuz he knows we are but flesh. He has got confidence that true. He knows that part of himself that lays on the inside. But God is not interested in breaking your spirit or exasperating you because he can never tell Paul to write to fathers of how that they're to discipline their children. Bring correction but don't ever take spirit out of them. Point them in the right direction. Curb out where things are going wrong. Notice he chasens with nail scarred hands. So this is not one who does not have experience. He has experience. He knows what it was like to turn down butter and honey. Is that what Isaiah said? He knows what it was like to be able Listen, as a matter of fact, he understands the pressures. He understands temptation. As a matter of fact, brother Ram said in deity of Jesus Christ that the said Jesus was tempted with sexual temptation. He was tempted with women, tempted with drinking. He was tempted in all points such as we are and yet without sin. Wow. He is our provision. And so with doing that he chasens with nail scarred hands. He has an understanding because he became one of us. But does that understanding allow us to get by with it? Oh, I know the pool. I know because listen, the temptation he went through was not an act. All right. Are you hearing me? Hallelujah. You said I thought he was God. He was, but the flesh wasn't God. Because James says God cannot be tempted. Hallelujah. But yet the Bible said Jesus was tempted. It's such a mystery by great is the mystery of godliness. How God was able to so condens the right arm of God. How God through all of those little examples of personification of how that God would so allow himself to become one of us that he might be able to experience the things that we go through and all of this in order to be able to chasen us with nailart hands. When he brings correction, he brings it with understanding. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for that? Oh, hallelujah. Sometimes this potter must take the vessel he's working on and thoroughly break it down in order that he may rebuild it exactly as he desires it. So, let me just say this to you. Sometimes, no doubt, there's things within our life that the Holy Spirit, there's times where there's areas where God will have to completely retrain in our life. There's thing complexes that have in our life that you know, you're not even aware of them that are there. Situations, things sometimes like I read that maybe didn't have a father or had a father that was abusive or had things and man, it just causes things to be drawn up. all kinds of experience that can come through life of even maybe how we relate to authority, how we relate to one another, how a husband and wife relate to one another. And God has to work through all of that to bring a retraining in our life. But listen, that's where the Holy Spirit is a tutor, is a teacher, and he comes to instruct you and I. God does not look at you and I and say, "Man, you're a mess. You know how much time I have to spend with you? you know how much I'll have to work on your character. God does not do that. And neither does God look at and say, "All I need is one night at the altar and one night at an altar and boy, you're fixed forever." No. When the Holy Spirit has come, you now have received the teacher on the inside. You now have become teachable. You now have come into a place where the spirit of God can begin to deal with our life. And he doesn't do it all at once. That's right. Think about it. If he would do everything at once about our life, it would so overwhelm us that we would be ready to throw in the towel and say, "What's the use?" That's so good. No doubt you felt that way many times when you come to see your shortcomings. When you come to think, Lord, why would why what would you ever what did you ever see in me? Lord, what was it about me? when you begin to see your shortcomings. But you know what? You can't give up because it wasn't you that started this. You can't let go because it's not you that's holding on. That's right. Hallelujah. If it's you that's holding on, you'd have been you'd have been washed away a long time ago. But it's God that's got a hold of your life. And you know what? God will sit there and deal with our life. He'll hold on our life until eventually cuz remember, God is not in the business of making sons do anything. He doesn't want to make anyone serve him. He wants us to receive the correction in our life and then we reflect that correction. That is so good. But we do it not out of fear. No, we do it from our hearts. Hallelujah. You see, it only takes a little bit of time. If it's done simply out of a slavish fear, all of a sudden it take all it does is take just one little bit, one little thing, and all of a sudden everything is thrown away. And because a slavish fear is intellectual faith, right? It just just thrown right away. But if there's something down on the inside, you can't throw anything away because you didn't start it. But sometimes this potter and I I would say it in this way. I know this is quite a bit in here within this this this and there's a lot more to preach in there. But you know sometimes this is why sometimes when you look and you you can see somebody go astray for a period of time. Doesn't mean that they're not it doesn't mean that they're not even one of the chosen ones. You say what will tell that time man? It'll tell in time because every seat there will not be one child of God miss the rapture. There'll not be one. They will come right in line. It won't be a It won't be the rapture will be bring them in line. They will come back in line. But sometimes God has to has to allow God permits things to come to a situation in order to break it down to a place because the foundation has got to be right. That's right. Remember brother Brandham told about that man who had that dream. You know, Brother Brandham was talking to the young lady and they went to the house after that night and brother Brandham and the and the dad, they slept down there in downstairs and the man said, "I had a dream, Brother Brandham. And I had a dream. I built this house." And the inspector came and he came along. And when he came, he said, "Tear it down and burn it to the ground." And all Brother Brandham said, he said, "The water's right down here, brother. Did you want to go right now?" Hallelujah. At 2:00 a.m. in the morning, something like that. You know what it was, brother Ram? said, "It wasn't according to the blueprint." Right? So you see God, he is merciful, but he's but he's merciful in that he would deal with us as sons and he's looking for response of sons and daughters. So there's training that takes place in our life and and training you know is where you know it's not just something you just you know really I mean just one day some of you no doubt have been in jobs and you know they promise you training and you don't get training I think we can all all of us have been there sometimes we've got they all the procedures they have wrote down that we train everybody but really training is where it's not just really one day it's where you stay with somebody Right. Right. You You're there, you know, with them. You know, you know how it is like you walk in Cracker Barrel and no stars on the bib. That's right. Lord help us. You hope that somebody with there's somebody with them that got stars on the bib cuz they've been there a while. Right. I don't know. I think it's been weeks and weeks since I've been at Cracker Brown. It was months before that. But you know, you kind of know those things. I don't know what other restaurants have. You know, maybe we need to find that out. You you want somebody to stay with you so you know the ropes on things. Why? You're interested in doing what's right. And God is that he's that faithful to train you and I. When training, listen, training is not just with correcting, but training comes to actually instruct us with the desire to see that our lives would profit. And training there's got to be, you know, for a a particular skill or even a behavior sometimes. And you know, God even worked with that all the way through the New Testament. I I don't have time to deal with that tonight on even how that that that the children of God were to take things patiently, to endure patiently. You know, it's as as he wrote in Peter, you know, it's easy when you've done wrong and people, you know, correct you for your wrong and but when you do right and and you're corrected or something is said, then and he's dealing with take it patiently. So he's instructing the children of God, training them. You're going to come into these places. But you see, training can only be given when the subjects are ready for it. And you know, this is the thing that you know, God in this hour, he's seen that in the midst of this age, there would be a people that would be ready to receive the training of the word. And God delivered the word through his prophet to this generation. And then through that, God would take men faithfully taught, spiritfilled, coming out from under that light. And then God would begin to bring this word. I mean, we we've watched the message even over the years where the message under the thrust of God sent a prophet. That was necessary. That was God moving within that time. But then the spirit of God would begin to move and and taking the church a little deeper in the word that has already been revealed and begin to make known the the mystery, begin to make known who we are. And then the spirit of God working in our lives to instruct us as we're coming into this place of adoption and into a placing of sons and daughters of God. God continuing to work and move within our life. God operates within seasons. This is why that you know brother Brandham will take uh there in in Revelations chapter 1 the time is at hand and brother Brandham said see previously the time was not at hand. So God has reserved a time and a season like he said in Ecclesiastes for everything God knows the training that you have need of. Remember if he gave it all at once it would overwhelm us but he knows just how to work with our lives little by little. And so the training as we look at, think of how that Paul would write. Let me just run through a few scriptures. Paul would write even to that of the Corinthian church. Now they were wrong. That's true. But even in their wrong, notice how Paul would write to them and say, "Brethren, I would not have you ignorant." Because you could say something's wrong. That's one thing. But show me what's right. That's good. What's right? That's good. I mean, you can tell me I'm wrong, but tell me what's right. How do I get right? And so Paul would be able to speak these things. Now listen, we don't have it, as I've said before, in Ephesians, in Thessalonica, and all the rest of them. We do not have this teaching as it's laid out right here. Yet, we know that those saints did not just receive that at the altar one night. They were taught those things. But this is a revisit to certain things that are taking place in the Corinthian church. Now remember what Paul what brother tells us in 63 church order. He said what it was is the Corinthians made this an issue. They made it an issue. Now don't think that they were out with picket signs and walking around. We shall have spiritual gifts and we shall have spiritual gifts. No. What it was when you begin to look back down through things. Listen friends, there's many times what it is is our thinking about things is what hinders. And so God is even though that Paul would labor with them on the correct order, but he's trying to bring them from childish thinking into thinking like men. You see, he already listen, you can go back to first Corinthians chapter 1. I read this to you a few months ago. In 1 Corinthians chapter 1, look how Paul opens up. You know, quickly we'll always say, well, Ephesians 1, he told the church they the position that they had in Christ. Read first Corinthians chapter 1. And Paul alerts them to the position that they have in Christ. He tells them, you have come behind in no gift. The testimony of Jesus Christ has been confirmed in you. He's letting them know positionally who they are. Then he begins to bring the correction. That's exactly how brother Brandon will bring it to us. And he's showing us that out of 1 Corinthians chapter 1. Now notice where Paul would speak of this and we've looked at this before. Paul would bring it around and and he would speak to them concerning regarding the body of Jesus Christ. Now think about this. Paul would would would be so anointed by the spirit of God. And listen, you know, if it wasn't for the spirit of God, Paul would have never been able to pick up this analogy of the body of Christ. It's just no more than Paul would be able to pick up the analogy of a runner or of a soldier with a whole armor of God. But you see Paul being in certain experiences even when it came remember to the Olympic games and you know I fight I I fight not as one that beatth the air. He had experiences and the spirit of God would so anoint those experiences to be able to relay it to the people. Now look notice how God will work. You see then God is interested in that you and I would understand. So God would bring things down into ways that you and I would be able to understand it. And so Paul by the spirit of God would be able to relay this of the working within the body, the different gifts, all the nine spiritual, the five ministerial gifts. He would relay it in the body and not just those gifts but how that every one of us are a part or a member of the body of Jesus Christ. And then through that he would talk about the different diversities, the differences in administration. It's just like in your life, you have a hand that you write with. If I gave you a document to sign, you won't say, "Well, let me figure out which one I want to write with." There might be one or two of you in here, but you have a dominant hand and yet they're both hands. Differences in administration. You have an eye that's a dominant eye. Difference in administration. You see, God even has that among gifts, pastors, evangelists, and and so forth. Even among that there are differences in administration even to how the re the how much God will actually use a person or an individual or a gift. Who does that depend on? It depends on how God wants to use them. Right? There's a portion of stewardship that's committed to our lives. If something we get hotty with something, God will pull right back. If we become braggish with it, God will pull right back. If our life is not lined up with where it should be, God will pull right back. You might say, "Well, the spirit of God is still coming down on that person." That's because of the office that they hold. It's not because they are in the right frame where they should be. This is where the Holy Spirit is sets forth through ma Matthew 24. There are false Christ anointed ones. What brings that out? What manifests that? Time. Right. Time. So good. I know sometimes we're always so comfortable. Oh, I always knew this and I always knew this. I wonder if Paul had that attitude about Deus. You see what that is? That's instability. That's that's a complex. Yeah. Right. Paul didn't have that. That's right. That's good. Aren't you glad those examples lay out there? I'm so thankful to the Lord for that. So Paul would be able to say that. Now, Paul would write about the systems even in the body that you would see, your hands, your eyes. But what about all the 11 body systems that you don't see, but they're operating in silence? And I ask you, which ones are greater? The hands you see moving or my heart? My head that you see moving or my respiratory system? What's greater? Yet you don't hear it. That's right. You don't see it. My nervous system that everything, lymphatic system, all those things that are working and yet they're working in an unseen to your eye, but you know they're working. Oh yes. They're not making a lot of noise, but yet they're vital. Yet what Paul never said about the heart, he never require reads about the respiratory system. That is in between the lines to understand the heart isn't out there saying, "Hey, say something about me. Hey, say something about me. The lungs saying, "Say something about me." You see, the greatest parts of our life. You can cut my hand off, I'll live. You can take my leg off, I'll live. You can take a finger off, I'll live. But if you take out my heart, I'll die. You see, it's the most important things. That's why Brother Brandham says, "Still waters run deep." Notice he would even give the admonition follow after charity. Desire spiritual gifts. Desire them, but follow charity. Make sure that the gift you're chasing after or the gift is pursued, make sure you got to go through love to get to it. I think that's a good thing for all of our lives. No matter you see, you can apply that to every part of your life. No matter what it is that we're going after, make sure that you have to go through the love of God to get it. Lord, that's so good. But rather that you might prophesy. Once again, brethren, be not children in understanding. I'd say this stung a little bit. Yeah. Oh, yeah. How be it in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men. Now notice it's not it's not put downs. He's encouraging them. And he has through these scriptures. I skipped a whole bunch. We've been through them for months. He has instructed them on what to do on how with God's not the author confusion. All those things he's instructed on on the hows, on the wins, and how things are to be done and when it's to be done. He gave such such instruction to the Corinthian church. And the one thing about it is is that we know they received it. Now, I don't know if every one of them received it or not. I don't know. There might have been five that said, "Uh-uh, I'm doing as I feel led. We don't know if everyone received it." That's right. But what we do know is sons of God received it. Because you know why? the sons of God could recognize the word coming through Paul in that hour. That's why Paul said, "What came the word of God from from you to me?" But Paul said, "Let him that is spiritual or a prophet, let him acknowledge that the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord." Brother Bram says, "Look at this Corinthian church." He told them what they was positionally in Christ, but he warned them of what was going to happen. and they corrected themselves and got straightened out with God. Now, I don't know how long there might have been, you know, they might have done some pouting or they might have done, you know, some festering. I I don't know. I I don't know. But what I do know is this is the thing. When you read second Corinthians, you find no nothing being mentioned about this. Again, you know why? They had received the correction and had the authority in their lives to correct themselves. They no doubt would feel the spirit of God coming on the same way because that wasn't going to change. But they knew how to yield. See, the word had brought through the instruction had brought discernment. Think about how the prophet standing there and laboring with the people of God. Not just in Brandham Tabernacle, but all the way through. I showed you that for months. Los Angeles, California, up in Oregon, down here, down because it's the prophet to the age. This was not just a message to Brandon Tabernacle. This message was to the church of the living God, to sons and daughters that would come into full adoption. That's who it's to. So then within this, this is where that the prophet would deal with this of how that through the receiving of this word, it actually would be able as the Corinthians at times maybe those who had had the gift to speak in tongues and here they were. The spirit of God would so anoint them and come upon them, but all of a sudden they would recognize, nope, nope, nope, nope. Uh Paul has just stepped up here to the platform right now. I'll hold it. That's right. And then as time would go on because brother Brandham takes these same scriptures and he says what Paul was actually teaching us in 1 Corinthians 14. It was bringing the bringing the gifted people into a place to where it wouldn't be done within the public. He said that's what Paul was saying. I'll take a prophet's word. That's why the prophet said in questions and answers God being misunderstood. He said, "Someday, if you will allow me, I would like to come down right among you and with all of you that's gifted, be able to give you my understanding of the scriptures on these things if you will receive it." That's it. And but you see, how can we be able to correct ourselves just like this, friends? Don't don't just leave this even within these messages. I think that's what's been so beautiful as is with all the word of God. It applies to so many areas within our lives. When God deals with our life, there's something that God can speak to our heart, speak to our life right now here tonight and you receive you receive from the Lord and it might look so impossible. Maybe God is is calling you into a higher walk. He's calling you to let go of something, to lay down a weight, to lay aside a besetting sin. And if you can just look to him who's inspiring you, you can look to the one where you can say, "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me." You see, at one time we had what the prophet calls in the Holy Ghost series, I can't. I can't. I can't. He said, but once you get the caner, you can. Hallelujah. You see what happens? The spirit of God, it brings us into that place. It equips us with the strength to submit oursel as the bride of Jesus Christ. It's training. Think about how brother Random would would train over the period of time with the people. Think about all the details even how the fluctuation he would say notice how this was spoke right here. Oh, he said how beautifully how that come around. Did you see I was just reading one again last night in 10 virgins and brother said you see how this one spoke right here and how this fluctuation it came with the same length right there in time and oh you hear brother Neville right here. He just going on in admiration of and pointing those things out to the people. But you see it with such training to even as the things that we looked at some weeks ago to where the prophet would be able to bring discernment to those who would receive it between the gift and the Holy Spirit because he said that gift always wants to do it. Amen. Oh glory. So what does that require? Discernment. And you see discernment comes by the word and submitting to the word. So you see a a person even just with just the gift can say I feel led but who's leading? Oh I I know it was God because the results well the prophet talks to us even how he got results in the miracle lines and the angel of the Lord rebuked him. He says a matter of fact he said he had talked to him for 6 months. Incredible. So does does results is results always the ultimate approval? Because then we have to give false teachers that we have all signs and wonders following them. We would have to give them that's the approval. But the approval is by the word of God. There you go. So it's got to be teachable. That'll be teachable. You know, I worked with a lot of students and things like that. Worked with trying to get, you know, sometimes you work around and work with them. But you know what? You you can't make anybody teachable. God don't even make somebody teachable. He he he mids the warming rays of his of his spirit, of his word, to bring us into a place to where that we will submit and yield ourselves to him. This is why the Bible said, "Correct thy son, and he shall give thee rest. He shall give delight unto thy soul where now notice not right away but in the coming times because correction as it's coming forth right there. Oh man, it it hurts the parent. But in times to come. That's why brother Brown would talk about it. I gave you those examples. You take somebody, he said, "Here they are." He said, "They're a brat right here." He said, "What will they be when they grow up?" You see, time doesn't cure things. That's why correction even within things and the wisdom and and God, how do I respond to this and and taking care of this? Time doesn't always correct things. Where there is no vision, the people perish. This is the same word that is used in Exodus. When the people struck took off their clothes, they became loose. Let go. no leadership whatsoever. Oh friends, in this hour, God has provided us with real leadership. He's given us a clear vision of the word of God. You say amen to that. Now, notice here you see things. This is why that the scripture says, "But he that keepeth the law, happy is he, a servant, will not be corrected by words. For though he understand, he will not answer. And this is why that even a person you have to want to understand. So brother Brown said there's some people that they don't want to understand. There's some people he said that sometimes some do. But he said there's others that they don't want to understand. I'm not interested in it. I don't want to hear no more about it. But you see, God's interested in helping us to understand. Amen. Oh my. Now, notice within this, the Ram goes into this part and he's dealing with with the with the people of God. It was right there in 1963 in church order. And he tells them, he says, "A few years ago, you were children with these gifts playing back and forth. But you've been to school long now. It's time to be men. Not use these just to play with. These gifts, they're sacred. They're of God and you don't play with them. Let's let God use them. Notice, let's let God use them. In other words, let's take them out of your hands. And let's put them into God's hands. How do we put them into God's hands? Put them into the hands of the word. Right. That's right. But notice, not before, now. And the prophet, as I showed you quotes, all the way down through the years of the message, he would come back around. Oh my. He was thankful. were beginning to see gifts accumulating. Oh, and then he would tell the people, "Get ready. There's going to be people moving in here. Very gifted people coming in here." He would keep on telling 1961, "Question answers. God be misunderstood." Questions and answers 61 keeps on continues to bring this up over and over. Oh, I I just can't wait till we can get to a place to where I can put the church back in order as I had it when I first started. Now, it wasn't that brother Brandham, you can never say that brother Brandham was against the gifts. He wasn't. But his desire was to get them into a place like he said, "Wait on your own ministry." He said, "If a minister comes here and waits before God on his ministry," he said, "You the rest of you should be that interested in your own ministry, too." That's so good. But remember what an example we had. Did Brother Bam all of a sudden corral everything right back into the back room? No, not at all. Did he all show up in 1963 when he just comes back into town? Hardly set foot back into town. Brother George was telling me about this. He hardly set foot back into town and they rushed him down here. But you know what? This this was a time and a moment that then the prophet had told them after the church had been built. Here's an order. Here's things I want to share with you. He didn't go around and tell them, "You're wrong. You're doing this wrong. You're doing that wrong." He labored with them for years. But then he says, "It's time to let your ministry be what it wants to be." And that's the way to put Brandom Tabernacle in service. Now, so for that to happen, Brother Brandham had to give instruction also to the veterans along the way. 1961, Brother Brandham speaks here, and I think this is what this is. This is very important because sometimes, you know, there's things we can forget of where God has brought us from. And I'm not just talking about the gifts now. I'm talking about with parents. Let me just stop here. Sometimes you can forget of what it was like to have children in church. And let me just tell you, everybody's children are not like your children. That's right. That's good. Are you hearing me? I mean, look at look at how even the examples that brother Brandham, even what he talks about in in church order in 1963 when he deals with children and and how children ought to behave in church and and looking all that, he understands all those things. He's seeing all of that. That's not an excuse, but it's this is where sometimes some of the things we're looking at and what we don't deem spiritual, but God might be testing our patience to see how where are you at in the stature with patience. Oh Lord man, I can I can tolerate my boss, but can you tolerate that family with children? Not so good. Come on now, preach with me, somebody. Yes, sir. That's instructions to veterans. Sometimes we forget and we're not all the same. Well, I'll tell you this is how I this is how that's not patience. But when maybe they might need a little encouragement, but sometimes as veterans, we can forget. We can forget. Oh, we got quiet. Maybe we just need to stop right there. Get this out of fifth gear and put this down. I'm not saying everything is right, but I'm saying God will test our patience in many different ways. True. How can Listen, let me just say this to you. You know when it's easy to be longsuffering? When you don't have nothing to be longsuffering about. Hallelujah. The easiest time I felt to be patient and when I don't have to be patient about nothing. That's true. The easiest time when I don't have to keep records because I don't have no records to keep on anybody. You know, I'm quoting from that chapter on love. That's easy then. But every one of those attributes of love are expressed. It will be adversity, situations that require us to die to oursel. Yes, sir. In order for those to be brought out. Yes, sir. Now, I'm sure not not any one of us are signing up for that. We're not, oh, Lord, I I want to be more long I do want to be more long-suffering, but I also would understanding with more longsuffering, that's just not something that's birthed in a prayer closet. That's right. Patience is not just birthed in a prayer closet. Oh, I'm going to get before God today and I'm going to receive more patience. You don't receive it that way. You receive it through the midst of the testing and the trying and the situation that will lead you to death to yourself. That's so good. 100%. Do it. Yes, sir. Lord, I really need more patience, but I don't know where to ask for him. Lord, be be merciful. That's it right there. Be merciful, Lord. Take it easy. Take it slow with me, Lord. Give me as I can handle, Lord. Train me, Lord. Help me, Lord. Just be honest with him, Lord. I I I help me, Lord. Hold my hand, Lord. I I want to be more patient. I'll tell you what kind of patient I want to be. I want to be the same kind of patience that you've been with me, Lord, toward my brother, toward my sister, toward my wife. Lord, hold my hand. Train me. Teach me. Amen. Help me, Lord. Yes, sir. Yes. Now, brother Abraham tells the the veterans back in ' 61. He said, "Now these that are speaking in tongues, many of them interpret and so forth are babes in the gospel. Don't offend them. Let them grow till that gift. Some of it you can see how Satan tries to weave into some of course veterans, we see that we can catch that and you'll watch it." Brother Ram, he goes on to talk about how that, you know, things will come around and then someone asks him the question right after this uh and and the spirit, brother Ram, is tongues and prophecy to be used during the service and 1961 same message. Brother Ram said, "No, but he says no, it should be used on this way and then told in the service, but for this time, for this present time, let him speak." Now, what's he talking about? No, it should be used that in a separate ministry. Here all of everything is in part, tongues, interpretation, discerner of spirits, getting everybody to church early. Brother Bram also talked about having saints meetings, just the gifted ones. Patmas vision. Why? Why would brother Brandon, what would he refer to over and over in the message? He said, "Because the scripture says if they come in among you and hear this, they'll say you're unlearned." And brother, listen, you brother Brandham says it over and over. Brother Brandham, I I want you to catch this. Brother Brandham was so mindful that he did not want somebody to blaspheme the Holy Ghost. Yeah, there you go. And he's tying that into the scripture. And that's why he kept on saying that Holy Ghost series and on and on through there. And then right after this, but but then you know you could say and all these things and brother B's talking about trying to you know a little kid trying to walk. Anybody ever seen a little kid try to walk? You know some of us got kids closer into that time and age and remember all that. Man, it's it's something else. I mean they're they're laboring to walk. And brother Brandon's referring to that right after that first paragraph I read there. He's talking about how they're just learning to walk. They'll fall down four or five times. But he says, "But brother Brandham, why didn't you correct this?" He said, "No, no." He said, "When Billy Paul back there first started to walk, he was up and down, down more than he was up, but he didn't know how to walk, but I believe he had a gift of walking. I let him walk a little while and then he got to stumbling his big feet. I tell him about it." You see what I mean? Like walking around, boy, watch your feet. Straighten. You know, you're not Hey, boy. You know, you catch them. You're walk. Hey, straighten your feet out. Right. You You got them on the bicycle. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You pull them back. Why? You're train them. You're right there with them, right? That's what brother Graham's talking about. We're right there with them. The veteran sometimes you're going to see things and you can see how Satan can weave in there and see all that. He said, you see what I mean? Go along looking at something else and popping and something else. Pick up your feet, boy. Where you at? That's the difference. And then, Brother Bram says, now let them stumble and let them block along a little while. when you have to correct them. If they resent it, then you know yourself it wasn't God. That's good. Now, what is it that determines it wasn't of God? What is it that Brother Ram told us here and the multitude of other quotes that shows whether something's of God or not? The attitude. The attitude. If it's resentment, the Ram said, arrogancy, refusal, then you know it's not of God. So it doesn't matter if it could have been right on the dot, but it shows us it's not of God by the response. You say, "What do you mean it shows it's not of God?" It shows what's down there. Now, so it's must be the right attitude. I I I know that's a little strong. just just swallow it down because to resent something is to feel bitterness or ind indignation at a circumstance, action or person. Now, just be honest. Every one of us when you've been corrected, I've been corrected. Whenever we've been corrected, it stings a little bit. Can you say amen to that? But it's what we do with that. It's what we do with that. From that moment that we've corrected, we've got a choice whether to receive it or resentment can build in. So, we want the right attitude. Now, let me just pull from this in Hebrews 12 real quick. I'm getting somewhere. In Hebrews 12, the right attitude. I know it's hard to have that right attitude. It was me when my dad was boy putting the putting the leather across my bottom. It was hard for me to have oh my, you know, I wasn't rejoicing. I was crying. I was hollering. A lot of times I'd get my hands back there and I got my hands back there. I got more swats. Had one of my boys one time that I they knew they they were coming down to get a spanking and they got quite a number of them. And so they had become they knew they knew how to maybe kind of help themselves. They walked down and they they were ready for me to give them the spanking because I had talked to them. This is what you've done and this is why I've got to correct you and this is why these things right here. So, I'll meet you down in in in my room there in the basement. And so, when they came down, for some reason, they had grown a little bit of weight. And I don't know, they had so much more padding than they had before. Now, every one of you as parents know there's been times that you have had to bite your lip cuz you they know just how to do things to try to get your anger or or get the thing disciplined. They're trying to get out of the moment. You know, that's where the oh, I promise I'll never do it again. I I'll never do it again. I'll never do it again. I'll promise I'll never do it again. Then you got those times like that. I don't know. May maybe it was the mind of an engineer. I don't know. You know that just solving problems, you know, maybe could have worked for FEMA or something like that. No, you would wouldn't want to work there. But anyhow, they came down there. But but you know, this the right attitude. So because we don't always see it. It's just like even when there was things of correction, let me even move it beyond the belt and things like that. There were things that even for even within our boys of things different ones is they you know each one of them is different. That's why I don't let me just say this about phones. That's why I don't say oh they've got to be this age before you give them a phone. There is a lot of stuff that can be gotten into. But you know you have to as a parent know each one of your children. That's why that even as God God in God gives to us what he sees were able to handle at that time. This is why sometimes you have a man, he wants a ministry where he goes out and he preaches at all these other churches. He's the one being invited. He wants to do this and he wants and sometimes you can just see those things kind of coming out. But you know what? If that's what God has for that man to do, then God will place his character into a place that God can entrust him with that. That's good. But if God has entrusted him with it and his character gets inflated, God knows how to deflate it. You know why? Cuz God won't share his glory with nobody. Or it could be singers or anybody else. Just let it apply all across the board. It's just like you can you you know you could do this right now as as a parent. Man, I'll tell you what, our children and this and that and this and that and you can have all this and it becomes an inflated source. And God knows how to deflate you. Sure does. Because sometimes you can become so inflated that you get to looking down on everybody else. That's right. But God knows how to God knows how to serve humble pie. He knows how to serve it up. He knows how to keep us in a place not not to rub our nose in the dirt, but to bring us back down to the place that we need to be. So, we're always in position to see him. He is my everything. And I am what I am be by the grace of God. And it's by God's grace. Father, mother, whatever and on and on. Hallelujah. It's God's grace. So the right attitude. Notice how Paul would speak of this here in the book of Hebrews in the first the first writing. Despise not. Despise it not. Don't become just oh my this correction. See even when God begins to take a hold of a life and God will begin to correct a life. You as a person comes and God is bringing his word over their life and there's some chastening that goes on. God begins to deal with them maybe about their associates and and maybe it's their wardrobe and other things. God will work with every individual's life. Maybe somebody has everything right just on the outside, but they are filled with so much pride on the inside, but God works with their life. And it's how that they how that they do as far as receiving that correction. That's good. Whether they despise it or not, but you know, the despising of it and and not nor fainting. I don't know about you friends, but I I've never any times where God has brought to my attention that I failed. Some area where he's corrected me on. It's not just something that I just shake off. Sometimes it lingers with me for days and weeks. Anybody know what I'm talking about? Yeah, even at times when you had a boss or somebody else and maybe they've come and they've they they've had to bring some correction to you and yet what you felt you were doing was the asset to the whole company and the boss comes to you and says that's not how I want it done. Now sometimes I realize we we're dealing with humans now but sometimes they're in positions to see where things could get to and how things could come about. That's good preaching. They're into that that we can't even see. You know, we all work. I mean, I worked with teachers and sometimes, you know, the teachers were grumbling about the superintendent and grumbling about the principles and grumbling about this and grumbling about that. That's true. Yeah. Oh, and every one of us were tempted to do the same thing. That's right. You could tell the boss, he could do this better. I could do this and I could do that. And you know what? God allows that to go on. And because you know what? That won't just stop with your workplace. It'll come right over in your home. Yes, it will. It'll come right over in the church. Yes, it will. But God knows how to work all those things out of our life. And and recognizing that, you know what? God sees a lot further than you and I can see. One day, our faith will become sight. But until that time, we have to walk by faith. Amen. Now, yes, sir. Brother Bram is here. He brings that correction in 63 and he brings he actually comes down and and when you go back and listen to church order 63, brother Brown such a it's instruction. He never says anything to them. You're wrong. You've done this wrong. He never said that. He never said you're out of order. He never said it. You go back and listen to that message. I've listened to it. I don't know how many times. He never said it, but his approach to it was a further instruction about bringing the gifts that had accumulated. And remember how brother Bam even talked about that of seeing those gifts and oh when he says in Daniel's 70 weeks, oh he said that brother Neville and that gift of prophecy that God has given him. Oh, he said, "God has given me some relief so when I come in off the field, I can rest and God will work through that gift." Brother Brandham is so thankful for what God has provided. He sees it as a benefit of the body. It wasn't something that that was going to take away. It was something going to be a benefit. So, Brother Ram works to instruct the people and he's speaking to them and he's he's asked this question. Brother Ram, can Satan use the gift of tongues or prophecy in a person who has the Holy Ghost and brother Brandham, you know, he goes in to explain this and and show that yes, an evil spirit can get in there. And this is why that it it must be judged. It must be tried. And you realize as I went through that with the message where brother Bram will take us into certain times of how that a message is given. Someone's name's not called out. But brother Ram says that was a direct message to someone in here. And then you would find two or three people coming right to the altar. You'd find different ones. Brother Ram countless not just in Jeffersonville but brother Ram did that. You know remember months ago when I laid that in there of how there's been direct message. I've watched God do that just right here. I've watched God do that right here. Now notice when I see this, brother Ram, brother Brown Ram would say it like this. He says that when I begin to bring these things to the people, and he's talking about why we've seen people go on down there to Junior Jackson's, why a number of those people went on down there to Junior Jackson's. Now, this is eight months later, 1964. Brother Ram says, 'The reason of it is because when I set the church here in a certain order and I come back to see if I could get the manifestation of the gifts, half of them pulled away from it. Because when you would start to speak or preach or something, it was getting in such a place that you could hardly preach unless there was somebody spoke in tongues, somebody interpreting, somebody give the interpretation. Half of it never even come to pass. He never even said that in 1963 church order but he was seeing it was ready to bring an end to that place. But right here in ' 64 he's letting it be known these types of things these things were also going on. And the reason that these people left is after that teaching in 1963 in church order. You know them weren't the only people that ever left. Let me just insert this. The one of the times that I popped in there to Jeffersonville to visit my buddy down there and I come in there and and and they asked me at the hotel, "Oh, are you with such and such a church?" I said, "No, I don't even know that church." I can't remember the name of it, Nathaniel, you might know it, but it was at that one sister who was actually a Sunday school teacher at Brandon Tabernacle, Sister Bernice Hicks. Super huge following, a big following down there. Big churches. You know what I'm talking about. Right down from your house. all those things all the way through there. She was a Sunday school teacher at Brandon Tabernacle and she left. Not during this time. And here's the thing. Many people followed her. See, you you see what what it is. It's something. It's whether or not you are ordained to it or not. That's right. It's whether or not you're ordained to it. And I think look what look how brother Brandon just watch this. Brother Brandham says, "You know how it was getting to that place?" He said, "But then he said, I I I told the brethren." He said, 'You know, they were the brethren kept on as they were, you know, kind of coming to coming to me and and so forth. And brother Bram says, "But I let them go ahead a while." And I said, "Watch it." I wa let them go. They're babes. Remember I read you that quote. Let them go for a while. Watch it, though. I told the brethren, there's witnesses here. Let it alone. After a while, we'll find out whether it's of God or not. If it cannot stand chastisement, then it's a bastard child. Now, Brother Brandham had already told him before the teaching was brought when left ones were coming to him, "Brother Brandham, you need to bring this teaching. Brother Brand, you need to bring this teaching." And and he had already been telling the veterans of what not to do. But remember the veterans, others were seeing certain things. And brother Brandham is saying, "Let it go on for a while until" And brother Brandham says, "When we when we bring this, it'll show. If they cannot take the chastisement, then it's a bastard child." He said, "That's exactly when the Bible said when the chastisement come, what happened?" Did I tell you not long ago, ask the pastor here, "What about this? What about that?" I said, "Just let it alone. They're babies." See, in other words, they're all children of God, all sons of God. We can't judge it, but watch when it really comes to pin down to the word. Now look at this. Oh, brother Samuel, if I would have been there, I could have judged it. I don't think so. Brother Brown himself, he says, I can't judge it. See, God only reveals to his prophets what he wants them to know. And he let it go on and on. But but I've seen certain things were out of order. this or that. They're babies. But now when the time come and the word was brought down, their response would show whether it was sons or bastards. That is so whether they received the chastisement or rejected it. Their attitude would show. This is why brother Ram goes on to says, I wanted my church, this is part three, I wanted my church to try to come together. And when we begin to break out here, the Holy Spirit speaking in tongues and so forth, somebody asked me and said, "Now, Brother Brandham, is that all genuine?" I said, "I'm no judge." I tell you what, let's bring it to a spot. Let it go a while and bring it to a spot until the word is presented on it. Then watch it. If it's the Holy Spirit, it copes right with the word. If it doesn't, it won't. Hallelujah. It was not about feeling, not even about accuracy. It was about how would it respond to the word of God. You see, this is why the scripture says that if we do not receive chastisement, God dealing with the life, God working with the life, I don't need to do that. I don't need to hear that. I don't need to do that. Then that's where brother Bam says we become, we become illegitimate children. God is looking and speaking to all as children, but it's our decisions on whether we'll receive it or not. And that's with any correction, not just the gifts, with any correction, how we'll receive it. It tells these things. Notice Brother Ram says that's just about the only way you can tell it is then it judges itself. It'll if it flies up, it ain't the Holy Spirit. It'll fly loose. But if it's the Holy Spirit, it'll just meekly follow right in line because that's what it is. It's a dove. The Holy Spirit's a dove. It won't come down upon a wolf. Is that right? But if you've got to be a wolf, you can get back to being a lamb. Just repent of it and say, "God, I'm sorry that I acted like a wolf and allowed that wolf to come up." Brother Bram said, "Then that dove can fly right back down when you become a lamb again." So good. It'll just meekly follow right in line because that's what it is. It's the Holy Spirit going right to its own order. Don't you love him? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Let's stand. Sometimes I wish this clock would stand still. No doubt you're sitting there saying, "I feel the effects of it running." But you know, Brother Brandon would tell the I could we could speak on of how that of reverence and respect. Even I would instruct the veterans. Brother Brandham would say this in the message respects. He would say it in question answer 61. Just like you heard him say when they asked brother Brandham. Brother Brandham, what is it? The Rem says, "Well, I can't judge it." I don't know, but we'll see when the word comes. Remember, because it was the one brother who asked Brother Bram the question, "Brother Bram, sometimes when people speak in tongues in the church and interpretations given, Brother Bram, sometimes I feel it's such a funny feeling that comes over me and I don't know is is is that wrong, brother Brown?" Brother Bram says, "Well," he said to the brother, he said, "It might be that it's wrong." He said, "But brother, don't ever judge anything on your feelings." There you go. He said, "Because your feelings can be wrong." And we do have feelings. And just because we've got a feeling don't make it the Holy Ghost. That's right. [Laughter] Yes, sir. See the brother Brandham right here. I can't judge it. He says, "I don't know, but let's do this. Let's bring it to the word. Let's let's see our response to the word. Let's see if it measures up even to the character of the word." When you're given the word, let's watch and see the character that comes out. So, in this admiration, this is why brother Brandham would say in the message respects, he would say, "Now look," he said, "when the Holy Spirit is falling," he said, "Oh, I've been in meetings and I've seen people get out of order." He said, "I've seen him get in the flesh." He said, "But I'll never say nothing about that." He said, "Because I want to tell you why. They're God's children, too. And he said, I what I pray in my heart, Lord, they want to come to your house just like I do. He said, don't ever say nothing against it. He said, because you can blasphe the Holy Spirit. Brother Brand would say in another place in the message, Investments, Brother Brand would talk about how that even in that time of not saying anything against certain things, he said because we can blasphe the Holy Spirit. Now, this quote that I'm referring to you is 1963. And this is something that he's preaching at another place and he's just been interrupted by someone speaking in tongues. Now, Brother Brham, you have the opportunity to call it out and blast it as wrong. Say it's of the devil. You got the opportunity. But one thing you find about brother Brandham, and I'm not lifting up brother Brandham, it was Christ. That's what we see. That's what I see. He was a gentleman. Christ is a gentleman. He wasn't going to tear up a meeting. He wasn't going to be able even. He would say in this particular quote, "Oh, it must have been something important. The Holy Spirit interrupted the meeting." Oh, he said this. Well, brother Samuel, how do we know what's right? God gives you pastors. Yeah, there you God gives you pastors that are able to go into the word and rightfully divide it by the spirit of God taking that gift. That this was not something that was being approved of, but it was something where the spirit of Christ was in respect holding a meeting together so that the word could continue to deal with someone's life. And yet he would admonish the people, don't say anything about it because you could blasphe the Holy Spirit. What an example. What an example. No doubt you have. I have. You see things and oh, I think this could be in the I think this could be wrong. I think this could be in the flesh. No. There can be things that can get get out of hand and there could be things that can get out of order. And God has God has things to bring that right back in order, but I definitely don't want to be found speaking against something. Do you? No, sir. So there's such an an admiration. Brother Brandon says, "A real child of God will take his correction." Let me read this to you. A real child of God, he said, will take his correction and he'll say, "Yes, Father, it's your word. I've got to straighten up now. I've got to do what's right." You know that's truth. An illegitimate is the one that always backs off and the fly in the soup just trying to upset something. But the real child of God admires to be rebuked and straightened up. Now wait a minute. I thought the scripture says that no chastening is joyous at that moment. That's right. So when does this come out? A child of God admires to re rebuked and straightened up. You know that can happen right within a service. Right after the word, the cutting of the word has went forth right on our life. Brother said that's the time to worship. You've recognized where you're wrong and there's been correction and you've right there right in your seat right while the word's coming forth. You've submitted to the father of spirits. You've submitted to almighty God and said, "Yes, Lord, be it unto me." You don't got to go through and do 50 pences. You don't have to drag across. He's already done it for you. All you have to do is accept that correction of the word. And right there, the spirit of God goes to work. And thank you, Lord God. Amen. You can begin to worship. There's a there's an admiring. There's a straightening up because in what he's doing, he's showing us things that is between us and him. That's right. Things that can bring us into a greater place with him. I know I got you standing. Brother Brown talks about brother Neville. Can I just give you this little bit so I can finish this? Brother Bram talks about how he had to come to brother Neville. He said I had to take a word to brother Neville about prophesying over everybody that comes by this altar. Remember brother Brand Brother Brandon was thankful for this relief. He talks about it even in question answers. God being misunderstood about the prophecy right in the prayer line and those things that was taking place. He said, "I had to come to brother Neville about prophesying everybody that comes to this altar here." He said, "God, I told him really called him." God, I told him, he really called him down about it. Don't do it. You'll shove him out in the flesh and then you'll have a false prophet. Let him do just as the spirit leads him to do. Don't try to pull anything out of God. Now when brother Neville would pray for people, people were coming to the altar, but you see what was happening. Brother Bram brings this up in trying to do God a service 1965 even. He said, "What it is, remember, you'll shove him out. You'll have a false prophet." I know some of this, we've had some of this going on even around wanting to pull words out of people. What do you see about me? Can you say something over me? Can Can you Can you God's already given his word. There you go. God's already given his word. There you go. God has there'll not be another ministry like the ministry of Malachi 4. That was a prophetic ministry. No one stands before and judges a prophet. But that is to be judged every time. Yes, sir. And if someone says that ain't me, if it's returned back, hey, what you said about me, that that's not right. Here's my parents. That's not this isn't right. Somewhere along the line, something's got to come to order. That's good. But look where this look what brother is telling. He comes to brother Neville. Now, I want you to notice what's being said here. It's the people that's got because why what did brother tell us about Peter? When the supernatural happens, people get all enthused, right? But he says you'll start pulling on him. Brother Brandham says people squeeze in on those kind of people and they want to pull something from them. What does God show you about me? What did the Lord show you about me? What? And and he comes to that place and brother Bram says who will do it is you'll shove him right out in and make a false prophet out of him. Now I wonder when he came to brother Neville. Brother Neville's the pastor of this church. Now I wonder if brother Neville, he's not coming to him because he said something wrong. The spirit of the Lord did not bring him to brother Neville because you prophesied over somebody and they didn't get well. I've searched that all the way through. Talk to many. It was not what happened. But the spirit of the Lord alerted brother Brandham. Go talk to him and tell him not to be doing that over everyone. Don't allow people to pull. And I love how brother Brandham brings it in church order. He's showing the those that are there gathered there in 1963. He said the Holy Spirit I had to bring a word to brother Neville to correct him on something he was doing and the Holy Spirit has made me an overseer of the flock. Then it's my duty to tell you the truth. And I'm very grateful to Brother Neville. He heeded to the truth. Ain't that tremendous? Yes, it is. Yes, it is. And let me just say this to you. Brother Bram goes on and he comes around. I just over the time, you know, for me, I just don't think he's dropping. I want to see what did brother Brandham say? Did he go on to commend brother Brandham on prophesying? He does. 1964 questions and answers. He talks about how that the spirit of the Lord moved upon brother Neville to call somebody on the phone and prophesy over this person. You've tried aa, you've tried this, you've tried that, but thus sayaith the Lord, God delivers you from your drinking. It'll be in a few days. Hallelujah. And the man comes back around and gives a testimony. It's been 68 days and there's not any aa or nothing. I'm totally free. And brother Brandham uses that example for someone who says, "Brother Neville prophesied over me, 1964 questions and answers and said that I would receive the Holy Ghost in a full assurance and I haven't received it as of yet. Should I keep on?" Brother Brandham said, "Absolutely." That's good. Absolutely. You keep holding on. And what does he do? He refers them right back to that example of Brother Neville prophesying over that man whom God set free. You see what made the difference? Brother Neville heeded to the truth. That made the difference. And that makes a difference in our lives. Sometimes friends, it can just start with just a little thing in our life and things can just start fraying, fraying and fraying and fraying. But we'll never get any closer to God until that gets corrected. True. Now, you think you could tell the church church systems and world out here that they're not any closer to God? They'll tell you they're closer to God. That's right. They'll tell you they love God more than anything else. the expansiveness of, you know, ministries and everything else. But that's no sign of God's approval. The only sign of his approval is in the beloved and that's in the word. I want to be a son through and through. Don't you Lord? Whatever you ask of me, whatever's asked, Lord, God, help me, Lord. Let me let me be in that place, Lord. Let me let me respond to that that chastening of the Lord. Oh, I know it gets it gets hard sometimes, but you know what? He does it for our benefit that we might be partakers of his holiness. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, a word that as you would speak to our hearts and you know, Lord, I've I've looked at this, Lord, for a long time, Lord, passing through it, Lord, and just seeing just the the straightness [Music] and how that Lord, you working just even in this channel, [Music] laboring, Lord, many of them, Lord, right there before it ever came to that message there in church order. And even then it was instruction. [Music] Brother Brown was even preaching. He was instructing. And many Lord, they set their time and time again. They heard instruction prior to that. But I wonder Lord how many of them walked away and they walked away because they felt led. [Music] How many Lord went out from that Lord Jesus? Oh God, when it was brought down to where your prophet said, "Let's let's let the word be the judge." And when the word is brought, it'll judge itself. It'll show what it is. [Music] Lord Jesus, [Music] right here and right now, I want my life. If I believe the rest, Lord, could speak this with me as well. I want my life to be examined. Right now is our time of purgatory. Lord, I thank you for every time you've corrected me. I [Music] I admit, Lord, there's times, Lord, it just it cause us, Lord, because we just we don't want to let you down. Then I thank Lord how that you worked with the Corinthian church. There's things that they were doing. As Paul said, when I hear when one come among you, one's got a psalm, one's got a this, one's got a that, one's got a this. They really felt that way. Lord, what a victory it was for them to come to a place to be able to receive that correction. And when they would come into the house of God, come into the service, [Music] Lord, the more as they surrendered, it got to a place that those who continued on as sons of God, they didn't have that pressure of, "Oh, I've got to sing or I've got to do this or I've got to do that." They learned and were taught how to yield. Lord, that was a victory. It wasn't a victory that just something happened overnight. I would say Lord by the experience even in my own life of how things and the rest of us can fellowship on this. It was through much dying and submitting. Lord Jesus, help us. Help us, Lord, throughout our lives. There's nothing, Lord, that you will ask of us, to take us out of your will. Your desire, Lord, is always to help us. Your desire, Lord, even as you administer that through Paul, is that the body might be edified, built up in love. Lord, I pray, God, help us, Lord. Help every one of us, Lord Jesus. from pastor Lord to janitor to every one of us Lord God, husbands, fathers, mothers, daughters, sons, Lord, help us Lord God as sons and daughters of God. Lord Jesus as you train us, Lord. Oh, how we're thankful for your longsuffering, your gentleness, your mercy. Lord, you know just what we have need of. Lord Jesus, I want another refilling of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. I believe, Lord God, throughout this congregation, there's others that could say the same thing. I I don't want more of it, Lord, to do signs and wonders. I don't want more of the Holy Spirit that I might be able to somehow preach better. No. No. I don't want that. I wanted that I could be more of a servant, Lord, like you were. I want more, Lord. I can look, Lord. We can look through the word as the word comes before our lives. I can see it. We can see our deficiencies, but we can see through that that you are our strength, Lord. As we'll surrender our weaknesses, acknowledge them, Lord. Surrender to you. Then you will pour your strength into our lives and you'll use your strength to accomplish the job. Help us, Lord. Help us, Lord. We're in a time in an hour and a season, Lord. We can't think like children no more. But Lord God, in becoming a man, one of the clearest things is putting away childish things. No, the gifts are not childish. No, that's not what Paul was saying at all, Lord. It was the thinking. It was that about them, but becoming men, having an understanding, [Music] discernment, coming in like your prophet brought it between the gift and the Holy Spirit. Oh God, help us. Help us, Lord. I pray, Father. Lord, every area of our life, Lord, no doubt, Father, right here today, decisions that we make today, even regarding your word will affect us in days to come. Sometimes Lord, decisions that's made within a home, a family, it'll affect it. Those decisions Lord cannot be buried. They come, they come forth and it'll affect. Oh God, may we take the discipline of the word right now. May every one of us in here. Oh God, grant it. I wonder if we just couldn't lift our hands to him and say, "Yes, Lord." if that's your desire. Yes, Lord. I want to take that discipline of the word right now. I want my life, Lord, to follow the discipline book because one of these days, the atoms of this body is going to follow under that discipline of the word, that hour, that season, that time, and there will be a change that'll sweep right over us. Grant it, Lord God. I pray, Father. Help us, Lord God. Help us, Lord, as your children. Give strength, Lord, to each heart. I know some of us, Lord, we're in different places, Lord, even in our walk, in our journey. But God, may you continue to minister strength, Lord, that father as hearts and lives said, "Yes, Lord. That's your word, Lord. I want to see that word in my life." Grant it, Lord, as a son and daughter of God. We love you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Lord, we're not illegitimates. We're sons. And if we receive it, if we endure the chastening, then God deals with us as sons. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your mercy. Oh, aren't you glad how he deals with us? Aren't you thankful how he ministers to us? His word just goes over our life. Thank you, Lord God. Oh, I want to rise to meet it. Don't you? I want to rise to meet it Lord the potter sand [Music] me guide me Lord lead me walk beside me oh I give my life through the pers. Beautiful Lord, Lord. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all of my days are held in your hand. crafted to your perfect land. [Music] For you shall be called Lord into your presence guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all of my life through your eyes. And I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me a heart. Oh, I know you're calling me to yourself. Lead me Lord I pray. [Music] Oh change me. Take me Lord use me. Oh come and fill me. Oh I give my life to the pot. Yes, Lord. Oh, God. Draw me and guide me. Lead me. Walk beside me for I give my life to the Pers. One more time. Take me, Lord. Take me, oh Jesus. Take me, hold me, hold me, use me, build me. Oh, I give my life the pot. Hallelujah. Call me Lord. Lord Jesus, call me. Guide me. Lead me, walk beside me. I give my life to the pro hands. Amen. God bless you tonight. I know I I kept you a little longer and wanted to try to get that in tonight. Amen. Oh, I thank God for his mercy. Don't you? Yes, he does. Hallelujah. Oh, I just I just so appreciate him. So appreciate just such a wonderful presence, a wonderful atmosphere. God is so good to us, friends. He's so mindful to us. There's no doubt there's things that you can sit right here tonight and know God would give direction to our lives. And boy, there's certain decisions we're glad that we didn't make. Yes, sir. Right. Yes, sir. And then there's other decisions we did make. Boy, how we're thankful for God's grace that he he didn't just take away all the consequences. God has a way of leading us, guiding us. It sometimes allows the sting of things to be felt a little while. You know why? Sometimes the sting is instruction. That's right. So true. Yeah. Sometimes the things that you know sometimes seeds that are sown. Oh, we don't like those seeds that are sown. Well, I'm just going to I'm going to come to the altar and ask God to get rid of that whole crop. No. Once a crop has been sown, it's got to come to harvest. But if you can recognize what's wrong, then God can give you the grace to walk through that bitter harvest as a son and daughter of God. But you'll learn from that. We learn from it. not to sew the same kind of seed. But what if God What if we came up and God just said, "I will burn the whole field down. You won't have to deal with any of that. We'd end up doing it again." You know, that's like, "I promise I won't do it. Oh, daddy, don't whip me. Don't me. I promise I won't do it again." But God knows how sometimes, even through the the training of things. But you know what? I'm glad that when we have to go through a bitter harvest, I'm glad he's right there with us. Aren't you? I'm glad that he don't just just abandon us. He deals with us as sons if we endure chastening. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Brian, won't you come and dismiss us in a word of prayer? Amen. Brother Gabriel, the black mic. [Music] Thank you. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord God, we come. Lord God, thank you, Lord, Father God, for the word you've brought to us, Lord, today, Father God. Lord, we Lord, we just come, Lord, humbly, Lord God, asking you to just continue working through our lives, Lord, to draw us close to you, to walk in your footsteps, Lord, Father God, that you walk, Lord God, that we may be more like you, Lord God, that the world may see you through us, Lord, Father God. Oh, Father God, we just love you, Lord God. We just want to live a life, Lord God, that would draw more people to you, Lord, Father God. The last soul, Father God, that would come to you, Lord, Father God, that may draw us close, Lord God, to the rapture, Lord God, that we are desiring, Lord, to see you, Father God. Lord, we love you, Lord. Again, Lord, Father God, we thank you for the teaching, the guiding, the chastisement, Father God. Lord, we just want to give our will and our life to you, Lord. Father God, humbly Lord God, that you may continue working in our lives, Father God, we just ask, Lord God, that you be with those that could not make it, Lord God, that Father God, that they somehow will hear this message, Lord, Father God, Lord, that it may stir their hearts, Lord, Father God, to draw them back to you to where they need to be, Father God, that you would want them to be, Lord. We love you, Lord, Father God. We give you all the glory and honor and praise in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Take me, hold me, use me, fill me. I give my life unto the water's hand. Lord Jesus, all me. Yes, Lord. Guide me. Lord, lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the part of sand. Hold me and guide me, Lord. Jesus call me. Guide me. Lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life unto the potter sand. I give my life my life unto the [Music] Lord Jesus. Yes Lord [Music] and broken. I came back to him. I was a vessel so unworthy. Though I was a soul scarred by sin. Oh, but he did not despair. He started over again. [Music] And I bless the day. He didn't throw the clay away. And yes, over and over. I'm glad he molds me and he makes me go into his likeness. He fashions the clay. Oh, a vessel of wonder that I am today. And it's all because Jesus, he didn't throw the clay. I'm glad that he is the potter and I am the clay. Oh, molded in his image. That's how he wants me to say. But when I stumble and I fall and my vessel breaks, I'm glad he just picks up all those broken pieces. He doesn't throw the clay away. Oh yes. Over and over. I know he mostly and he makes me oh into his likeness on glad he fashions the clay. I am a vessel unto honor. I am today. And it's all because my Jesus, he doesn't throw the C. [Music] Oh, I'm glad that he is the potter and I am the clay. Oh, I'm molded in his image. That's how he wants me to stay. But when I stumble and I fall and my vessel breaks, I'm so glad he picks up all those broken pieces. He doesn't throw the clay away. over and over. I'm glad he molds me and he makes me more into his likeness. He fashions the clay. I am a vessel unto honor that I am today. And it's all because Jesus I he doesn't throw over and over again. Yes. Over and over. I'm glad he molds me and he makes me oh into his likeness. He fashions the clay. I am a vessel unto honor that I am today. Oh, and it's all because my Jesus, he does the Oh, I am a vessel of honor that I am today. And it's all because Jesus, he doesn't throw the clay away. [Music]
