################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - Your Name is Written in the Stars - Ronnie Long - Ronnie Long.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-28
Title:   Your Name is Written in the Stars - Ronnie Long
Speaker: Ronnie Long
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_1F6UPitEM
========================================

never lose its power. Verse one. Oh, the blood that Jesus shed for me. [Music] way back on Calary. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. Oh, it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, it is the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. It soothes my doubts and it calms my fears. Oh, that same blood dries all my tears. and the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. Let's all stand and worship. Oh, for it races to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. It is the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. For it reaches For it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. It is the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose. It will never It will never You'll never lose its power. It will never lose its power. Amen. Aren't you grateful for the blood? Amen. We're just going to go over these prayer requests. Uh please pray for Jared Morning Star. He has a desire for the Lord. Uh may he find him for his life and salvation. &gt;&gt; I was able by the grace of God to witness to someone while having lunch at Costco food court. Please pray for Tony and his wife Selena. They are hungry to know more of God. Please keep uh the brothers traveling home from men's meeting and prayer for traveling mercies. Um prayers for my family. My brother Marco needs a healing touch from the Lord. Lord knows. Please continue to pray for my friend Heather also for Gilbert Lenny to come back to the Lord for my unsaved loved ones and for my daughter Emily Wilson for her medical complications. Please keep Maria in prayer. She is hurting real bad in her neck area. Amen. How many know the Lord can make these needs today? Amen. Praise the Lord. I ask brother Ben Collins to come and pray for these requests. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come before you with these needs before us, Lord. And you know the heart and intents of it, Lord. May you know the needs of this people, Lord. Lord, there's many prodals that are on this desk, Lord. And we're asking you to go by their way, Lord, to to speak to their heart. May they feel the conviction in their heart that they need you in their life. Lord, may you use the people that they set in their life to speak to them in a special way, Lord. May all these ones that need healing, the one with the pain in the neck, and all the other ones that have health problems, Lord, may you touch them in the name of Jesus Christ. You took the stripes for them, Lord. And we believe that you will heal them in the name of Jesus. and thank you for many things you've done in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why don't you go turn your neighbor and greet him in the Lord? Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All of my life. Praise God. Has been changed. I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord pass his way. All my life. Praise God. It has been changed. I've been washed in the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been reborn of my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All of my life praise God has been changed first. Oh though my sins were scarlet they're white as snow. I was bound but today I am free. Oh, I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been reborn. All of my life has been rearranged. And what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. all of my life. Praise God. It has been changed. I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been reborn. Oh, my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All of my life. Praise. God has been changed. Won't you praise him? Praise him. Well, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Oh, praise him. I'm going to praise him. If the sun goes down, I'm going to praise him. Going to praise him. Praise him. I'm going to praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him. Praise him. I'm going to praise him when the sun goes down. Well, I'm going to love him. Love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the morning. Love him. I'm going to love him. Love him when the sun goes down. Well, sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Heaven comes down me well. Sometimes Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Heaven comes down on me. Oh, heaven comes down on me. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's how it feels like. Heaven coming down. Praise the Lord. Well, we're feeling good today. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. Um I'm amazed that you love me. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Oh, I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears. I cried. [Applause] And one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. till you die and purchase my redemption. When you broke his power and set my spirit free, I'm amazed. I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found in. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. It's true. There have been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned that your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. Oh, no one else has ever cared for me like you. Other friends could never be as close to me. [Music] I'm not afraid of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed. I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed how you care. Through your precious blood I found pardoning. Let my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. And I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Thank you, Jesus. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. Let's go to the verse. True happens when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've heard that your love is stronger than my weaknesses. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow, knowing you are everything I'll ever need. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed that you care. Oh, through your preious blood I found pardon. And my sins they're washed. They're washed away. All my sins are washed away. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins all away. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's sing. Thank you for the cross, Lord. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price. You came bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail piercings. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embrace. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. seated on the throne. [Music] We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious high. [Music] Oh Jesus, son of God, [Music] the treasure of heaven. crucified. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. buried all my sin and shame in love. You came and gave amazing praise. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail piercing. Wash me in your cleansing. Now all I know is your forgiveness. Embrace him. Worthy. Worthy is the lamb. seated on the throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious [Music] high and lifted up. Jesus, son of God, the treasure of heaven, crucified. [Music] Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Music] Is the lamb. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] &gt;&gt; God of my present, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my present, God of my future, you write my story. You hold it all together. God of my present, God of my future, you write my story. You are the God of my present. God of my present. God of my future. You ride my story. You hold. You are the alpha. You are the alpha and you're the omega. You're in the middle and you hold it all together. And you are the alpha and you're the omega. You're in the middle. You hold it all together. Oh, and I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. I'm called as season has changed. Your faithfulness remains. I believe. Oh, I believe that I will see the goodness of the Lord. And I'm confident. As seasons change, your faithfulness remains. So your faithfulness, your faithfulness remains. Amen. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days have been held in your hands. hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my hand, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life and all my life you have been faithful. Cuz all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am made, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Your goodness is running after running after me. We just Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender. Your goodness is running after me. &gt;&gt; Let's lower the key a little bit. Your goodness is running is running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after. Goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. is running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after me. It's running after me. With my life laid out, I surrender now. I give you everything. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. [Music] And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so good. With every breath that I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] And I sing because I'm happy. And I sing because I'm free. His eye is on the spare [Music] and I know he washes me. Well, I see because I'm happy. Oh, and I sing because I'm free. Oh, his eye is on the sparrow. And I know he watches me. And I sing. And I sing because I'm happy. And I sing because I'm free. Oh, his eye is on the sparrow. And I know he washes me. And I sing. Well, I sing because I'm happy. And I sing because I'm free. Oh, his eye is on the spare and I know he watches me. For his eye is on the spare. And I know he washes me. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh happy day. Oh happy day when Jesus falls. With Jesus wash, where Jesus wash, he washed my sins away. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. Oh happy day. When Jesus walks. When Jesus was When Jesus was, oh, he washed my sins away. Oh, he taught me how. Oh, to watch fight and bra. Watch and pray for rejoice [Music] day. Every day, every day. Oh, every day. Oh, happy day. As brother Ronnie Long comes. Oh, happy day. When Jesus walks, when Jesus walks, [Applause] when Jesus wash, he washed my sins away. Oh, he taught me how. Oh, to watch. Watch and pray. Oh, watch and pray. And live rejoiceing every day. Oh, every day. Thank you, Lord. Oh, every day. Oh, happy day. Oh, happy day. Where Jesus was. Where Jesus was. Jesus wash. Oh, he washed my sins away and I am free. Praise the Lord. I'm free and no longer bound and no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. [Music] Free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Amen. Let's sing. Hosanna. &gt;&gt; Let the weak say I'm strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. It's what the Lord has done for me. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. It's what the Lord has done for me. And hosan [Music] to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. [Applause] Jesus died and rose. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana [Applause] [Music] to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Let the poor say I. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. It's what the Lord has done for me. Oh, let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. It's what the Lord has done for me. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. [Music] Hosana. [Applause] Jesus died and rose again. Hosana. [Music] To the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. [Music] Amen. Amen. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb that was slain. Amen. Amen. When every every nation and every tongue was trembling, they looked for a savior that could come and no man was found worthy. But there was the lamb that was worthy to come and to loose us from our fears and our our death cycle. But he was the lamb worthy before the foundation of the world. Amen. It's good to be with you this morning. Good to be in the house of the Lord. If we could just stand this morning and thank you for the songs, Brother Zachary, and Amen. the worship going forth. We just praise the Lord this morning. Amen. Good to be back with you and greet you in the name of the Lord. And of course, greetings from the from the folks back home. And uh sorry we my wife's not here. I got a I got a pastor driver this morning. Brother Ben brought me and we got uh we got a a fall fellowship thing after church today and my wife had volunteered to make soapas and tortillas and all kinds of stuff. So she said, "I want to go, but I'm just too busy." So So next time. But uh, Brother Ben's not as good of a cook, but he does get me here faster. So, love you, buddy. Amen. If you have your Bibles this morning, we turn to the book of Daniel, the 12th chapter. Amen. It's always good to be here. Uh, just enjoy the fellowship here. And, uh, the presence of the Lord amongst us is he's never failed us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just want to thank brother Samuel for the opportunity to come and we pray that the Lord's using him where he's at this morning. Amen. Daniel the 12th chapter in the first verse. And at that time Michael shall Michael stand up the great prince with prince withstandeth for the children of thy people. And there shall be a time of trouble such as never h never never was since there was a nation even to that same time. And at that time thy people shall be delivered, everyone that shall be found written in the book. I'm just going to read that again. And there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time. And at that time thy people shall be delivered, everyone that shall be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt. And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever. But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book even to the time of the end. And many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just ask the Lord that he would bless this word this morning. Father, we just love you, Lord. We thank you for your grace to us, Lord. And Lord, we come into your house with thanksgivings this morning, Father. Thanking you for all you've done for us, Father. You've given us another week, Lord. A a resurrection uh morning, Lord, this morning that we could praise your name, Father. We we know that you're the you're the life in our breath, Lord. And Father, we want to use our breath to just serve you, Lord, and give you thanks and honor and glory for you're worthy of it this morning, Father. And Lord, we just ask that as as we enter into your word, Lord, that you would just break open the bread to us this morning, Lord. That you'd bring, Lord, anointing and power behind it, Father, that Lord, you would loose the captive, that you would bind up the brokenhearted, Father. Lord, that you would give sight to the blind, Lord, and liberty to those that are bound this morning, Father. For your word is the only thing that can restore us, Father. Your your word is the only thing that has power in our lives, Father. And Lord, we recognize as men and women this morning, there's no thing we could do within ourselves to help to help our situations. But Lord, it would take you, Lord. It would take the divine person of the word to come amongst us, Lord. And Father, to bring us out of our situations of life, Lord, to bring healing, Lord, and Lord, to bring a revelation to our hearts that might set us, Lord, for a direction, a victory this morning, Lord. Father, we just thank you that you sent a word in this age, Lord, that was addressed so personally to your bride, Father, that we could look beyond just the the ink on the pages, Lord, but we could see a letter of love that you sent to us in this age, Father. Lord, how we thank you, Lord. We just, Lord, that you'd move across every need, Father. Lord, questions on the hearts of your children, Lord. And some maybe needing encouragement or healing or Lord, Father, just a direction in life, Father. Lord, we know that we can do nothing, Lord, as a man to say or help, but Lord, we just give our our ourselves to you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, may you just use us for your glory. We give you all that we are, strength, Lord. May you anoint the the lips that speak and may you anoint the ears that hear this morning. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. I don't know if I if I have an exact title, but I if I did, it would probably be something like your name is written in the stars. Your name is written in the stars. And I just want to labor in this thought for a few minutes. I've got a timer going, so I don't want to take all day, but I think this is a lengthy subject, so we're just going to relax and and get into it as the Lord leads. Everybody comfortable this morning? Amen. Amen. And so we find here in Daniel the 12th chapter that he would he would say that to all of them that are written in the book there shall be a deliverance. There shall be something come. And of course we could take this to Revelations 5 and we would find the scene there where John is looking at the chaos of the world and and the disparity of the situation. I believe he was looking more than just uh at that time, you know, at at 75 AD or whatever time it was, but I think he was looking in time ahead at our situation and at our time and saying and seeing the scene of the ages unfold before him. And John wept much because there was no man found worthy to open the book or to loose the seals. And John understood that this book would need to be opened in order for there to be redeeming power come back across this life situation. And John wept because nobody was going to be able to do it. He know that he didn't have that he wasn't capable to do it. And there he was amongst the elders and he was amongst the angels and they weren't able to do it. But it would take one that would come from before the foundation of the world that was spotless and without blame that would have to come and to open that book and to reveal something to John that would change his entire situation. Of course, brother Brandon would teach us that John is a type of the end time bride, right? So we are John in this scripture. So we are in the same situation that John was in in need of redemption, right? We're in in need of a redeemer, in need of a revelation that could come and change our situation. Now nothing nothing so much changed for John in a physical sense. But it was a spiritual revelation that he received that something was on the inside of that sealed book that changed his entire perspective of what was going on. And sometimes that's all we need in life is not necessarily a a lightning bolt to come blast open the prison doors that surround us, but it's an understanding of a revelation of what's already taken place. Because you know, uh, nothing could change for John that had not already been done. The lamb hadn't just been slain, but it had been slain before the foundation of the world. Right? So, Brother Bran would say that Jesus could not heal you if he was here in this suit this morning. He couldn't heal you. If you came to him and said, "I need healing or I need deliverance." He would say, "I can't do it because I've already done it." And nothing could be done done for John because it had already been done. But it took an understanding of a revelation that to be aware of what had been done for John and to accept that that was his name on the book. Right? So there's there's there's there's an acceptance that comes from recognizing that your name is written on this book. And there's a promise that comes when your name is written on this book. And I just want to take a few scriptures and a few thoughts this morning and try to uh help us identify where we are at in this season of time. I I think we should be aware that this day, this scripture is fulfilled in our ears that this is no longer a sealed book. And we read here that Daniel has sealed up the book until the end time. And we don't have to look very far around us to recognize what season and what time we're living in. But this is surely the end times. We see the nominal churches are are crying out for it. The agnostics are crying out for it. This is the end of times. We don't know what tomorrow is going to hold. We don't know the chaos of the world. We don't uh we don't we don't have control about any situations. There's more chaos and uncertainty going on and hearts are being turned back to God and and God is in control of all of this movement. But if I believe if the I if the nominal church world with an unrevelated idea can see that this is the end times then we the end time bride more than anyone ought to be aware of what season we are living in. This is not a time to grow slack on the promises of God or to get distracted with the chaos of the world. But this is a time to dive into the word greater than we ever have before. This is a time to surrender more than we had last year or more than we have last week because this is a time when God is calling those names. And if you hear your name called, there's nothing that can hold you back. There's no distraught. There's no there's no distress. There's no situation. There's no sickness. There's no infirmity. There's no situation that can hold you back when you hear your name is called by some power greater than whatever you're going through. And this is a season when God is calling names. I I I know that we are hearing something higher than we've heard before because God is increasing a revelation in this hour that was greater than it was when we first started. And when we first started out in the Lord, we understood up to a point. But this is a different season. This is a different age. This is a different time. This is the fullness of the manifestation of the sons of God. This is what all the earth has been groaning for. This is what all of time has accumulated for. I know I'm putting a lot of pressure on you and your individual experience, but you were built for it. &gt;&gt; You were sent to this age to to fulfill the promise of the fullness of the manifestations of the sons of God. God didn't just send you into this age and hope that you make it, but he knew that you would fulfill this word. And that's why he sent you here. He did not send you to the dark ages because there was a fulfillment for that age. But he sent you into the fullness of times that you might make the fullness of the manifestation of the sons of God. So I can say it like this. We live in an age of fullness. This is an age of the fullness of the word. We did not come in an age with a closed book. But we came after the book was reopened at the end times. And we are an open book people receiving an open book revelation of this time of deliverance. That's what's promised in Daniel 12. that all of them that are written in that book shall be delivered. Brother Zachary, that encourages us this morning because we know what our story looks like after this. This is not the situation you're going through is not the end of your story. &gt;&gt; The situation you're going through is temporary. Everything that you're fighting this morning is a temporary situation. And when that enemy ceases, you will still be going on. Even the devil himself will have a moment when he he takes his last breath. And when he takes his last breath, you will still be going on in glory. When the devil, the tormentor of all ages, the tormentor of all times, is cast into the lake of fire and he receives his last breath, you will still be singing Amazing Grace over on the shores of glory. Because you are not a temporary being, but you are an eternal star that was put here to overcome him in this age. And how is Satan bound in the age? He's not bound with a log chain, but he's bound with a chain of circumstance because you have decided that you will not allow the devil to work through you. I don't know. Are we in agreement this morning that you are ready to not let the devil work through you anymore? But you want to say enough, devil. I've had enough of your thoughts. I've had enough of your tormenting, but I want to let the promises of God be in my mouth. Yay and amen. I don't want to I don't want to a downtrodd in testimony. I don't want to downtroter communion with God, but I want to say victory this morning. I want to see the promises that God has given to the age. Now, we understand that there are trials that will come, but the trial is only temporary. &gt;&gt; Don't get caught up in the test cuz the test is only temporary. The reward is coming. The reward comes after the trial and after the test, right? But you've got to understand that what you're going through, it's just a season and time. But if we look towards the end of the book, we shouldn't be sad this morning. &gt;&gt; We know who wins. We know who wins the battle. We know how this ends. The devil is defeated and the bride church marches on into victory. That's you this morning. You're the winner. You're the overcomer. You're the victor because you are found in Christ at the end time. Right? That's where we're living at. Matthew the 20th chapter, a familiar passage of scripture to us, the 20th verse. Then came to him the mother of Zebed's children with her sons worshiping him and desiring a certain thing. Somebody say certain thing. &gt;&gt; Certain. &gt;&gt; She knew what she was asking for, right? And he said unto her, "What wilt thou?" And she said unto him, "Grant that these my two sons may sit the one on the right hand and the other on the left in thy kingdom." And Jesus answered and said, "You know not what you ask. You are able to drink of this cup and and and that I shall drink of and be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with." They say unto him, "We are able." And he said, he said unto them, "Ye shall drink a deed of my cup and be baptized with the baptism that I'm baptized with, but to sit on my right hand and on my left is not mine to give." &gt;&gt; I thought Jesus could do everything. But it wasn't his to give. &gt;&gt; But it shall be given to them. Somebody say them. &gt;&gt; So it's more than one. It's a group &gt;&gt; to them for whom it is prepared of my father. So there's somebody coming in the future that are not yet at this time. But he says when they come that seat is reserved for them. &gt;&gt; There's something reserved for them. Now she knew what she was asking. She was asking of a certain thing. This woman was not just asking that her sons would have a title, but she was actually asking a reference to Psalms 11:0, 'The Lord said unto my Lord, sit thou at my right hand until I make thine enemies thy foottool. The Lord shall send the rod of thy strength out of Zion, rule thou in the midst of thine enemies. Thy people shall be willing in the day of thy power, in the beauty of holiness from the womb of the morning. Thou hast the dw of thy youth. The Lord hath sworn and will not repent. Thou art a priest forever after the order of Melzdc. The Lord at thy right hand shall strike through kings in the day of his wrath. So she knew what she was asking for. She was asking for dominion over every spirit on the earth. And Jesus replies to her that position is not yet available. &gt;&gt; It has not yet been time to fulfill the position where you can tread over every serpent, every spirit. A revelation to understand that you are an overcomer through every trial and every age. He said, "It's a worthy question to ask, but it's not mine to give yet because they are not here yet." &gt;&gt; Those people that will fill that seat are not here yet. It's reserved. It's kind of like when you go somewhere and you're saving a seat for somebody and somebody wants to sit there next to you and you say, "You can't sit there. You can't sit there. This spot is saved. It's got somebody else's name on it." And it might get down to the end of the event. You might get down to where the waiter keeps coming back and he keeps asking, "Are you ready to order? Are you ready to order?" No, there's the seat here that's got somebody's name on it and it's reserved for that person. And until that person comes, no one else can sit in that seat. And let me tell you this morning, church, you have a reservation for a seat that nobody else could fill, that nobody else could take. It's got your name on it, and no other age could fill that spot. But it had to wait until the right time when you could come, when you would show up on the scene. You might think, well, you're pretty insignificant in this great plan of God. But God thought so much of you that he would put your name on not just a seat, but on his seat, on his right hand, that he would save a place for you at the end time that you could come and fulfill all righteousness with him. For it becometh us, somebody say us, to fulfill all righteousness because we're under the same banner of his name. We're found underneath the headship of his name. Have you ever thought about this friends this morning that you were born for such a time as this? &gt;&gt; This is not just a time you were cast in here. Your mom and dad didn't have nothing to do with this. But God Almighty before the foundation of the world saw that your soul would be in this moment of time because he had made a position for you. Before you ever were your daddy ever was born, you already had a position. Before your grandpa ever took his first breath, you already had a position. And God didn't just cast you here by a random thought. But God knows the thoughts that he thinks towards you. And he placed you in the exact moment in time where you would overcome the trial of your life. Now, this is the reward, right? Don't get caught up on the trial. Look for the reward. &gt;&gt; That's what's promised to us is there's a reward coming if you can hold on. To them that overcome will I grant to sit with me on my throne. Is that what Revelations 3 says? I don't think we need to to turn to it, but you know the reference, right? We'll just read what brother Brandham said. Now, in Leodysia, the last church age, there's going to be some overcomers in there. &gt;&gt; There's going to be some overcomers. They remember I'm sorry if I'm moving fast. I just got a lot of material, so I hope we're okay. They remember each church age the the the one preaching it inherits all the other ones offered. Now here it's after they done received all these powers, these new names and everything written that he promised and eat the hidden mana all down through. Watch this last church age. Revelations 3:21. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcome, and am set down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear. what the spirit is saying to the churches. Do you have an ear to hear this morning? &gt;&gt; There's a reward. I like this. This is a fridge quote. There's a reward for overcomers. &gt;&gt; Press on, Lily. If it's in you, lay aside the mud and everything else and press towards the top. Yes, sir. To sit with me on my throne. There's a reward for the overcomers. Now, watch this. This this mother of Zebedee he's referencing. But watch that place Jesus said was predestinated. This position was not yet in existence at that time. So the position didn't even exist that she was asking for. Wasn't in creation yet. It wasn't there. It wasn't in it wasn't in that plan yet. The one that sat at the right hand and the other closest to him was yet an overcomer. See, I don't grant this. I can't grant this. But it will be given after the trial comes. How many knows we're in a trial today? After the trial comes. See, I can't give this. that after the trial comes, they'll sit on the right hand and on the left. There's a predestinated seed waiting out yonder for that. And it will be given to the ones that it's promised to, it will be given there. But the test has not yet come. He hasn't come yet. He hasn't overcome yet. See, the person that was to take this place on one side and the other, take it to the other side next to him in the kingdom, it wasn't yet given. He hadn't overcome. The test hadn't fell yet. It will fall in the future. This is in 1963 in August. If we suffer for Christ in his word, we will reign with him for he is the word. Remember, if we suffer with him and his word, you can pick this up in 1965. And brother Brandham says the test is on. So now the trial has come. The trial is on. So there was a time when the trial had not yet come and then there was a time when the trial came. So there could be an overcomer. So think it not odd that you're going through these fiery trials, but you must be an overcomer to fulfill all righteousness with Christ. So there's got to be a trial to overcome, friend. There's got to be a situation that you've got to get over, friend. But at the end of the book, you're over the trial. So don't get discouraged in the middle of the trial because that's not your position. It's not a trial taker. It's an overcomer. You're not just going through the test to be tested. You're going through the test to be an overcomer. You don't just take a test so that you can try out your skills. You take a test so that you can get the degree that comes after the test, right? &gt;&gt; You're not going through high school just to go through it, but you're looking for that diploma that comes at the end of it, right? You're looking for the reward that comes after the trial. You're not going to college just so you can you can fill the time up and you can just, you know, use your good years away in school, but you're looking for that diploma that comes at the end of that trial. Right? We're not going through Leodysia just to go through Leodysia, but we're go we're looking for the reward that comes after this. We are an overcomer of this age. Now, we're not just overcoming this age so that so that we can we can say, "Yeah, we did it." But God is showing his character through you in this age. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we got a foundation. I'm just going to preach now. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; All right. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. I thank God that we're not here just taking a test to take a test. &gt;&gt; He's not just making us go through this just so we have something to do. But there is a fulfillment that has to come in the trial of your life is so that you will be victorious through Christ at the end of this and his reputation will show through in your life. You know that God himself put his reputation on the shoulders of this bride in this age that she would be an overcomer. So that means that God has put all that he is on you. All that he was, he put in Christ. And all that Christ was, he put in the church in this end time. So you cannot fail with the banner of Christ over you. Brother says, "You just can't lose when you become a real Christian. You just cannot lose because all that Christ was, who has never been defeated, who has never lost a battle, who has never had to retreat, who has never had to back up, has put his reputation on you, the bride, in this last age. And he will not lose this battle, but he will be victorious again. And all of his confidence is in you. You know that God had confidence in you to put you in this age, to send you into this time, to send you into this trial, that God had to put his reputation on the line for you. For whose name are we under but his name? &gt;&gt; Whose name do we pray in but his name? Whose name do we come down this dispensation? But his name is over you. So he's put his name on you. He's signed that you're you're under his watch. You're carrying his reputation. You're carrying all and you think he's going to lose this battle. He will not lose this battle. Now, in life, maybe nobody in this natural life ever put their money on you to win. Maybe nobody ever picked you to be the winner. Maybe never ever picked you to win the tournament. But God almighty picked you because he saw a value in you that he put there before the foundation of the world, a seed that would not die. And even if the world forsook you, God still picked you. God still sent you to this age because he knew that you would overcome because it's the law of the seed in you that cannot fail. It cannot retreat. It cannot turn around. You cannot give up on this word. Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. It's already a finished work in God's mind. You're just walking through the motion of the trial. He already has the reward waiting for you. There's already a position waiting for you. Now, what this lady asked for for her sons, that they could sit at his right hand, was to have power over the enemy, to make your enemies your foottool. Right? That's what she was asking for. You know what that word foottool means in the original Hebrew is something to trample on. She was asking that her sons could have something to trample on, the devil, the trial of our age, that they could have a right to trample on the devil. He said, "This time has not yet come, but it's coming. There's coming a people who have a right to trample over every serpent, over every demon power, over every depression, over every fear, over every anxious spirit. There is coming a people and now is, I believe, that have the authority to make their enemies their foottool. This position was safe for you right now. This is your calling. You were born for such a time as this that you would manifest the fullness of the promises of God to make your enemies your foottool. I say, "Praise the Lord today because I am not defeated. I am not I am not destroyed. Yes, I've been hit. Yes, I've been cast down, but I am not defeated because God has given me a position that I can rise on his right hand of power." This is the greatest call of any age. And I am living in the moment. I recognize that this is not just a time passing by, but this is my position. I was born for this cause. &gt;&gt; For this cause were you born. You were not born just to be a a an occupation that you hold, but you were born to fulfill the manifestation of the word of God in this age. That you could overthrow the kingdom of the devil. Hallelujah. That you could be victorious in every situation. He did not come to build a great organization. He came to build individuals that recognize their name on the book of life. Right? That's what he said. We're not building an organization. I'm not here this morning to build an organization. Christ never sent me to build an organization. Christ sent me to build individuals into the stature of Jesus Christ that they might be the powerhouse and the dwelling place of the spirit by his word. By his word, the individual takes that place. So, how are we moving into this position? by his word. Now, I recognize that the spirit of condemnation would like to attack us right now and tell us that there's no way we could ever fulfill this position. But what would the devil know about our position? Because the message came to identify what our position is in this age. And at the same time, it also identified what the devil's position is in this age. And the devil has always wanted your position. He has always wanted to be you. We was always wanted to be in the in the place that you're standing, but it was never his to have. &gt;&gt; I would just like to identify to the devil what his position is this morning. I recognize what my position is. And by that, it tells me what his position is. It's under my feet. It's underneath us. You know, on Lucifer's best day, you're still over him. &gt;&gt; Who has more authority in heaven? An angel or a son of God? &gt;&gt; A son of God. So even if iniquity was never found in Lucifer, if he had never fallen from heaven, you would still be over him. &gt;&gt; You would still have more authority than him. You would still be over the top of him. And he can't stand the thought that a fallen a a fallen son or daughter of God could have more authority than him. So that's why he tries to rob you from your position to point out every fault you've ever had, every mistake you've ever made. But he doesn't understand the plan of redemption nor the pathway of repentance cuz it's not in him to repent. There is no place in there for him to repent. But there is in you. There is a place in you that you can call upon the Lord and they that call upon the Lord shall be saved. For the name of the Lord is a mighty strong tower and the righteous run into it and they are saved. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The devil doesn't know anything about the position that you're holding this morning. He would like to tell you that you are not going to take that spot, but everything he's telling you is what's going to happen to him. Watch the pattern of the scripture. He's a prophet, all right? But he's a false prophet. He told David how he was going to die, right? He said, David, today the dogs will lick your blood. You'll fall this way and that way. He Jezebel also told Elijah the same thing. And exactly what the devil pronounced over them is how the devil died. So the devil's telling us this morning, you're never going to make it. You don't have enough faith. You don't have enough power. You don't have enough courage in the word. You don't have enough understanding. You don't have enough revelation. Everything the devil's telling you is exactly the position that he is in. He doesn't have enough revelation. He doesn't have enough power. He doesn't have enough faith. He doesn't have enough understanding of the way of the word. But you do because you were sent here to be the fulfillment of God's promises in this hour. What would the devil know about having a victory in this age? He's never won. But Jesus has always defeated him. Christ has always been over him. And Christ will always be over the top of him because he will never lose. The blood will never lose its power. It will always have dominion over the devil. It will always have authority over the devil. And you will always be victorious as long as you're under the blood. And when you try to get out in your own works, in your own mankind, you'll fail every time. But under the blood, I'm invincible. Underneath this revelated word of the hour, I am invincible. Underneath the token, I am invincible. &gt;&gt; And when she recognizes what she is, she will do the greater work. She will be an invincible army. How does she stay invincible? She's under the token message of the age. and it gives her invincibility. Now, in being invincible doesn't mean you can't get hit. You're still going to get hit, but whatever hits you is not strong enough to take you down &gt;&gt; because greater is he that's in you. &gt;&gt; It's his life in you. It cannot be defeated. I think sometimes that we we we uh we we we dumb down the Holy Ghost within us that it doesn't have the power to overcome. &gt;&gt; Well, whose spirit is it in you? That's right. &gt;&gt; You believe you have the Holy Ghost. You met the Lord. You You have his spirit dwelling in you. Then whose spirit is that in you? It's the victorious spirit of Christ. The one who has never been defeated, who has never lost, who has never had to rethink what he said. But that spirit has always been on top of the devil. And it's the literal life of Jesus Christ that's now inside the believer. And that power has authority over every devil. &gt;&gt; And it's the same power in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isaiah 54 would say this. In righteousness shalt thou be established. Thou shalt be far from oppression. For thou shalt not fear from terror. It shall not come near thee. Behold, they shall surely gather together. He's talking about their enemies, but not by me. Whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall for thy sake. Sometimes you just got to encourage yourself in the word, friends. Whoever's gathering themselves against you, you ever feel like all your enemies have gathered against you? &gt;&gt; Feel like everything's going wrong? There's no way that that I could get out of this situation, but they shall fall for thy sake. Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in the fire and bringeth forth an instrument for his work. And I have created the washer to destroy. No weapon. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Somebody say it with me. No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper. and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment shall shout condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord and their righteousness is of me sayeth the Lord. So it's not about your righteousness. &gt;&gt; No weapon of condemnation shall win. &gt;&gt; But by his righteousness we will enter into the promises of God. You know that God knew that we would need we would need a way out. Right? &gt;&gt; God knew that we would need a source of of deliverance from the weight of the sin of this age. That there was no way that we could be the perfect lamb in this age because there could only be one. Right? So, he wasn't looking for us to be the perfect example. He already is the perfect example. He's not looking for us to carry a cross. He already carried the cross. But he knew that we would need a way out. He knew that we would need something that would that would take away the sins. Have you ever Have you ever heard the phrase the sea of God's forgetfulness? Where did that come from? &gt;&gt; Who created it? &gt;&gt; Who created the sea of God's forgetfulness? God that created the heavens and the earth, the cosmos that we're on, the the greatest, you know, that the earth is covered 70% I think of the earth is covered in water. &gt;&gt; And you know only only 20% of that water has ever been explored. You know that man knows more about space than they do know about the oceans. that there is 352 cubic miles of volume of water on this earth and they've only explored 20% of that. &gt;&gt; That's pretty incredible, friend. Who created all that water? &gt;&gt; Where'd that come from? You know, when Moses was in the wilderness and they needed water, they were in a dry condition. They were in a spiritually dry condition. They were in a physical dry condition. Every kind of dry condition you could think of. And yet 2 million people come out of Egypt. And you think right after the deliverance they'd be so on fire for God that they would never cease to worship him. They would never cease to praise him. But yet they found themselves just a couple verses later in the middle of a desert wondering where the water was. And yet there was a rock there provided for them. Now when Moses when Moses struck this rock and it brought forth everpresent water from the rock, how much water was in there? &gt;&gt; So you think about this. Two million people. Just the people, right? How many gallons of water could a thirsty person drink in a day? At least one. Right? Right? So, you're talking about 2 million gallons of water. But then they had camels and they had cows. You know how much water that a camel drinks in one sitting? 35 gallons of water in one sitting. You know how much a cow drinks? 40 gallons of water in one sitting. And they're talking about thirsty, dried out cattle. How much water was really coming out of that rock? It wasn't just a trickle, but when God really opens and unseals something, it's really unsealed. It's not just a trickle, but it's all the way open and unsealed. And when Moses spoke to the rock, it unsealed itself and water came forth and it gave them the strength that they needed to overcome in that age. Now, God specializes in water, right? Because where there's water, there's life. So, God created a place that you would have somewhere to deposit your sins, &gt;&gt; the sea of his forgetfulness. I don't have this. I'm just picking this up under inspiration, but I think we can turn to Micah. I think it's the seventh verse. Are we okay this morning? Amen. I just I like when I can I just like to punch condemnation in the face. &gt;&gt; There you go. &gt;&gt; And I could feel it in the room say, "Well, we're not worthy to raise up to that position." &gt;&gt; Well, we know that. We know that you're not worthy. &gt;&gt; Neither am I worthy. But we're serving one who's worthy. We didn't come in the house of God this morning to worship Brother Zachary. &gt;&gt; We didn't sing praises to God because the song leader is is is handsome and dressed well. You're not saying amen to me, the preacher. You're not saying amen to brother Samuel when he's preaching. &gt;&gt; You're praising somebody much higher than that. You're praising somebody who's worthy of you. Whether whether you are in sync or out of sync or whether you're dressed good or whether you're dressed bad. It's not about your worthiness. It's about his worthiness. We didn't come to the house of God to say amen to me this morning. We came to the house of God because this is a divine appointment that God has made. I will meet you in there. go to my provided place of worship and there I have put my name and there I will meet you where two or three are gathered in my name I will be in the midst thereof. So, this is not just a gathering this morning where we put on a nice tie and we we combed our hair of what's left of it. But we knew that we came to this place because there was a promise that he would meet us in there. And when he comes, when he comes in the room, deliverance also comes. Healing also comes. Revelation also comes. Wherever he is, all of his benefits are with him. That's why we shouldn't forsake the assembling of ourselves together. And yes, he also comes on the midweek Wednesday nights. Wherever he is invited, he comes. I think sometimes we just we we take away from the from from the mightiness of God. We say, "Well, I can't come on a midweek because, you know, it's just not as good of a service." But I guarantee you, if you come with the same anticipation that you come to a big meeting, you come on a Wednesday night, God will come down with great power, great authority, the same as he always was. He comes where he's invited. He comes where the expectation is. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That was for free. Oh my, I can't find it. But uh but but in Micah, it says that there was a place created that he would bind our iniquities and they would be remembered no more. And he would create a place to deposit those iniquities that they would be cast into the sea and remembered no more. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So you can remember him, but he doesn't remember him. &gt;&gt; That's so good. &gt;&gt; Who is a God liken unto thee that pardone iniquity and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? He retainth not his anger forever because he delightth in mercy. How many knows God delights in mercy? He's not a vengeful God. You know, I think some sometimes, brother Aaron, some of us message folks gets a little Catholic. We think God is, you know, this big stern. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, God is love. &gt;&gt; The definition of God is love. He's grace. He's loving kindness. He's not just judgment, but he's grace to the bride. What is the commission of Zerubbabel? The messenger of this hour. Grace, grace, grace. Crying it to the church. Right. &gt;&gt; Let's not confuse who we are in this scenario. You're not being judged. You're given grace. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Who is like unto thee because he delightth in mercy. He will turn again. He will have compassion upon us. He will subdue our iniquities. And thou will cast all their sins. Somebody say all. &gt;&gt; All. all their sins into the depths of the sea. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Into the depths of the sea. You know, brother Ben, there's a place called uh something some something trench, right? And it is 37,000 ft and change deep. Man will never reach it. &gt;&gt; They will never reach the bottom of that place. Why? Because the pressure is too great. So God created a place when he created the world that your iniquities and your sins could be cast into the depths of the sea and no man would be able to find them again. Nobody would be able to get that low and that far down that they could bring back unto you the accusations of your iniquities. But only Hallelujah only your memory could trap you there. But if you'll let go of the iniquities into the depths of the sea and say, "I know I'm not worthy, but he has made enough water. He has made a deep enough sea that I can bury my iniquities. I can bury my condemnation. I can shake off these heavy rains and I can rejoice in the blood that has come down for me. It is greater than all my sin, greater than all my desperity, greater than my situation. is the blood that still cleanses me. It reaches from sea to sea, from sky to shore. It is the blood. How can we not rejoice in the blood? We know we're not worthy, but the blood is worthy. We know that we're not able, but the blood has made us able. We are able because we're under the choken message of Jesus Christ in this age. He has made you kings and priests now to reign with him on earth by the blood that was shed on Calvary. It became a finished work. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're not waiting for it. It's already come. It's a finished work at Calvary. He said washed in the blood. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You got your swimming clothes on this morning. Take a dip in the blood. Take a fresh renewal in the blood. washed by the water of the word. They are cleansed. They are sanctified. They are justified as if they never did it in the first place. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes. Every every accusation against you has been erased because a greater power &gt;&gt; a greater power has signed your name. Oh, hallelujah. A greater blood than your own blood has signed your name. A blood that cannot be blotted out. It cannot be erased has put his mark over your life. &gt;&gt; As if you never did it in the first place. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In the depths of the sea. How deep is that? Deeper than you can think. &gt;&gt; Deeper than you can go. &gt;&gt; Deeper than the devil can reach. There's a place that God has created. Why did he create it, Aaron? Because he knew you'd mess up. He knew that we would need somewhere to throw to throw those weights, to throw that sin. He knew that we would have need of it. So, he's not surprised by your inability to keep the word. &gt;&gt; Is that okay? &gt;&gt; He's not surprised by our inability to keep every promise. He knew that we would stumble. He knew that we would fall. But the thing about falling is you can't stay down. You've got to get back up. You've got to rise back up off the ground and recognize who you are and why you were put here. You were not put here to be defeated. You were put here to be victorious. So yes, you're going to fall. Yes, life isn't going to work out just the way you thought it was. You might end up being a Ruth when you thought you were going to be an Esther. But you were made to be an overcomer. You were made to be victorious in every situation that God could manifest his promised word in this hour. Your situation does not change who you are. Right. &gt;&gt; It doesn't change what you were put here for. &gt;&gt; It doesn't change why you're here. It doesn't Aaron, come here real quick. Come up here. What's your name? &gt;&gt; Aaron. &gt;&gt; Aaron. &gt;&gt; Who's your dad? &gt;&gt; Uh Aaron senior. &gt;&gt; I'm borrow this from my pastor a long time ago. I heard him do this. All right. Fall down right here. He's stumbled. He's tripped. He's made a mistake. Right. All right. Get back up. What's your name? Aaron. Who's your dad? &gt;&gt; Aaron Senior. &gt;&gt; Nothing changed, right? So, even though he fell Thank you. Even though he fell, it didn't change who he was. He's still a son of God. He's still a bloodbought, redeem, redeemed son of God. And his falling did not change his position. The devil cannot take you out of your position because greater is he that's in you than the devil that would try to rock you out of your position because you have already been granted to sit with him on his throne. And the devil can't have it. And the trip doesn't change you. The falling doesn't change you. You are who you are by the election of God. A mistake cannot take away your election. You think, "Well, I've sinned my life away." It cannot take away your position in Christ. This is who you are. This is what you've been called for. This is your position in this time. You were born for such a time as this. &gt;&gt; He knew there would be mistakes. He knew there would be faults. He knew there would be failures. And he made a way. When there seemed like there wouldn't be a way, he made a way. When you couldn't see it, he made a way. When your back was against the wall, he made a way. Out of every circumstance and situation, the blood has made a way for you. Hallelujah. Friend, we've got so much to thank him for, so much to rejoice for because he has already provided a sacrifice for anything that you have done or will do. It's covered under the blood. &gt;&gt; He knows the beginning from the end. He knows every situation of our life. He knows everywhere we're going to stumble and fall. But I say we we recognize his power is greater than whatever we're fighting in this age. His grace is sufficient for me and my mistakes. &gt;&gt; You think you might have got into the permissive will of God, but his power is great enough to bring you back into the perfect will. His power is great enough. that Naomi thought that she was maybe in the permissive will of God, but God used that to bring Ruth into the kingdom of God. That Boaz would have a bride. You see, it was all the plan of God to begin with. Who are we that we are God to judge on the throne to say, "Well, that's the permissive will." We don't know what the permissive will or the perfect will of God's. His will is his word. And as long as we have his word, we stay in the word. Now, if somebody makes a mistake, we say, "Get back to the word." You've had a detour. Get back to the word. You had a mistake. Get back to the word. Get back to the place that can make it right. &gt;&gt; It does not. The falling does not change who you are. &gt;&gt; The prodigal son was always a son. Even when he was in the pig pen and he was fellowshipping with the pigs and he maybe didn't remember who he was, but he was always a son. It did not change his position, but he always was of his father. And there was nobody that could take that position from him. And when he was done messing around, when he was ready to give up that kind of life, when he was ready to stop fighting against the bricks, he gave in and recognized who he always was. &gt;&gt; He didn't just become a son. &gt;&gt; He always was that son. &gt;&gt; That robe was always his robe. &gt;&gt; That feast was always his feast. &gt;&gt; He just had to recognize who he was. God knew who he was the whole time. &gt;&gt; You're always the son. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Somebody say, "No weapon." &gt;&gt; No weapon. &gt;&gt; No weapon. No weapon of condemnation. No weapon of fear. No weapon of anxiety. No weapon of whatever they call it. Jesus's name is greater. They might call it cancer. They may call it diabetes. They might call it some disease. Jesus's name is above every other name. No weapon formed against you shall prosper because you have already been promised to be an overcomer in this age. If you go down by the grave, that grave must obey the voice of the resurrection. That dirt has to obey. When the voice of the resurrection comes to the bride and authority, that dust will obey. That dust will become subject to the promises of God and they will rise. They will come up in the resurrection and we shall be changed. &gt;&gt; You can't lose, friend. If you go down by the grave, you didn't lose. If you get raptured, you didn't lose. You cannot lose. The devil has already lost. You are victorious to Christ who has given you power. I hope that's pretty clear this morning. You cannot be defeated. Whatever you are going through will not stop you because you are an eternal predestinated seed that has been elected for victory in this age. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's why I defy the devil that would try to take the authority out of the message. You ain't never heard this in a Baptist church. &gt;&gt; You never heard this in the UPC church. People try to say we're Pentecostal. They been to a Pentecostal church. You tell me where a Pentecostal church is preaching the son of man revealed in this hour and and and and you and and then I'll tell you where where we're at, &gt;&gt; but they're not preaching it. &gt;&gt; And they try to identify us with denominational spirits. No, I refuse to be identified with a denominational spirit when I have been given a vindicated word in this hour. I believe we ought to have both sides. I believe we ought to rejoice &gt;&gt; and have an opening of the word. I don't think we should be tied down to, well, the mysteries are revealed. Let's be somber and sober. No, I think we ought to rejoice because the book has been open to us and the names have been revealed in that book and I think we ought to be excited about it. I think we can have the deep teachings and get excited about it. I don't think we need to be bound down by some denominational idea. Stop confining me to what's your idea of a denomination looks like. This is the message. I will get excited about the message. I will preach the message because the message is open to me and it has showed me who I am in this age and it does something to me. It stimulates my revelation to know who I am in this age. Don't tell me to be quiet. You ought to have been where I was when you didn't know who you were. &gt;&gt; But when the voice of identification came across my life and told me who I always was, you always were a son of God. You always were my redeemed bride. You always were my love. It It did something to me. It changed something on the inside of me. I can't help it. &gt;&gt; There's something on the inside. You say, "Well, you're just not deep enough." No, I understand. The mystery has been revealed. &gt;&gt; In this I rejoice &gt;&gt; because I cannot lose. I do not die, but I will live on forever. The message came to identify who I am. It placed me &gt;&gt; positionally under this age. &gt;&gt; And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning falling from heaven. Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy. &gt;&gt; And nothing, somebody say, no weapon. &gt;&gt; No weapon. &gt;&gt; Nothing shall by any means hurt you. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That would be enough. That would be enough to dance around. That would be enough to rejoice because every stinking serpent, every scorpion, every menacing spirit in this age, you know why he called them snakes and scorpions? Cuz they have the characteristics of those animals. When you lift up a rock, what does the scorpion do? It runs for the next hiding place. When you expose a devil, what does it do? It goes to the next hiding place. The characteristics of those animals are the spirits that he's talking about. But you have authority to cast them out and to tread over them because greater is he that's in you than he that is in that bug. &gt;&gt; Notwithstanding in just this, rejoice not that the spirits are subject unto you, but rather rejoice because &gt;&gt; nobody else can say this. Nobody else can preach this because this is a bride scripture. But rejoice because your names are written in the book of heaven. Nobody else sees that but you John. You are John in the book and your name has been loosed. Hallelujah. Those seals have been loosed over your life and you have seen your name written there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It means John became fearless in who he was because nothing could stop him. &gt;&gt; My name is there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You might not see my name, but I see it there. I see my name written in the lamb's blood. Slain before the foundation of the world. When he was spotless, without blame, without sin. Before I ever committed a crime, he signed my name. Before I ever forsook his grace, he signed my name. Before I ever made a mistake, he signed my name. My name is older than the crisis that I'm in. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Before Lucifer was ever created, he signed my name. Hallelujah. [Applause] &gt;&gt; My name is as eternal as God's name cuz he wrote it with his own eternal blood. And he knew that there would come a point in time and it was saved for such a time as this that that scroll would be loosed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Seal it up, Daniel, until the end time. And at the end time there will be a somebody to them who my father has prepared. Who's them, friends? &gt;&gt; It's time. &gt;&gt; We're not we're not preaching out of a closed book. &gt;&gt; When we find when we find John in Revelations, where's the book in what position? It's opened. &gt;&gt; And I saw in his hand a little book open. It's the opening of the word. What is the opening of the word? It's not a buzz word that gets us excited. It tells us that our names have been revealed on the lamb's book of life. And it has identified us as an overcomer in this age. And we as John heard in Revelations 4:1 to come out of Leoa and come up higher before I have a greater work for you to do. Do you hear the call of the voice? You hear the call calling those names. I have quotes after quote. He's calling the name in this age. He's calling the bride out of her. Out of even I'll say even the message ranks. The bride is being called out of her. Come out. &gt;&gt; Do you hear it? Can you hear the call? Can you hear the shout of the king has returned to the camp and he has called you by name and he has placed you positionally over every enemy in this life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The enemies are as great as they ever were. In fact, they're greater than they've ever been. All of hell is lifted off. We're not waiting for it to happen. &gt;&gt; Hey, the squeeze is on, friends. &gt;&gt; But the squeeze is a blessing for the bride cuz we know who we are. &gt;&gt; For the rest of the world, it's destruction. For us, it lifts us cuz we're eagles. And the storm just makes us go higher and higher and higher. &gt;&gt; It's on, friends. &gt;&gt; The move is on for the bride. We're moving on up out of condemnation, out of laya, out of the world destruction. And we're moving up into a rapture condition. The rapture is on for the bride. Can I say it like that? The rapture is already happening. &gt;&gt; You're not going to miss it. This is it. &gt;&gt; This is the bride's revival. And this is the age of the bride. This is the time to rise out of Leodysia and be not partakers of her filth. But you are a bride living in another age. No, there's not an eighth age, but we are living in this age and another age. Does that make sense? You can create a world. Let me slow down here. You can speak a world. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And go live on that world. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You're not going to another planet. &gt;&gt; You're rising above Leodysia. &gt;&gt; That you can speak a world and you can step into a bride age in the middle of Leodysia. You are not affected by Leodysia's trial. You are not affected by Leodysia's destruction because you are not a Leodysian. You are a bride member and bride members act like bride members. They don't act like le oysian. I refuse to be identified with the cold, lukewarm, starchy, naked, have need of nothing and knoweth not religion. I want to be found. I don't want you to ask me what I believe. I want you to know that I believe we're in an age of the bride, an age of the overcomer, an eagle age, because we are made more than conquerors through Christ who strengthens us in this age. The devil is defeated. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I just like to remind him every once in a while, this is you and this is me. This is you and this is me. This is where you belong and I belong at the right hand of my father. Hallelujah. I've got a reservation. I can't be late. I've got my name there on a placard. He has called me by name and has revealed to me on this side who I am and the position that I'll hold there. G. &gt;&gt; So that means whatever Leodysia throws at me, it's not enough. &gt;&gt; 200,000,000 demons have already been unleashed in this age. And and my my my opinion is that they're focused on the bride. &gt;&gt; You know, Satan sent his best for this age. You know, you're waring against the greatest demons that there ever have been in existence. &gt;&gt; That's why it's a struggle sometimes &gt;&gt; to overcome. You're not just fighting your mind battles. You're fighting actual spiritual entities that have been sent here to attack you and to defeat you if they could. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; But they can't. &gt;&gt; Because while the devil sent his best, God also sent his best. And the devil through the best he had of the church. But God in the foundation of his mind before there was a trial thought of you in this situation and he said, "I'll send them to that final age. They are the best that I've got." Hallelujah. I can run through the wall. You're the best that God's got. You're the best. The best that God's got in his mind is right here in this age. There is nobody else that can take your spot. But God has sent you here to be an overcomer over the greatest adversary, even death himself. No other group of people has ever obtained that until this time. &gt;&gt; You're the best. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You may not feel like it tomorrow morning, but I want you to look in the mirror and say, "No matter what my symptoms are, I'm the best. &gt;&gt; I'm the best that God's got." &gt;&gt; You know what it'll do to make you carry yourself different? And where the devil used to trip you up with some easy little scheme, you'll recognize I'm the best. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to fall for this scheme. &gt;&gt; How do you think we get to that scripture fulfilled where is this the man? &gt;&gt; Is this the man that tripped up the ages? Is this the Lucifer that caused all the sin? This is the man, &gt;&gt; this puny little being standing before me. This is the man of destruction. This is the man of wrath. How do we get to that position? We recognize that we are elected to be over him. And there's no trick of the devil that can stop us. Yes, he can slow us down, but he will not stop us. &gt;&gt; He can distract us, but he will not stop us. Goliath could have never killed Israel because they were already commissioned to win. &gt;&gt; But you know what he did? He distracted them. &gt;&gt; He stood in their way. &gt;&gt; He couldn't kill them, Zach. &gt;&gt; But he could stand in their way. It's a big bluff. &gt;&gt; Who will come out and fight me? You ever heard the challenge of the devil? Who will come out? You. I know all your mistakes. It's not going to be you. &gt;&gt; See how the devil works. But it took one that knew he was anointed for the position. &gt;&gt; He already knew he had an appointment &gt;&gt; because when the prophet anointed him to be king, he knew that he would have to fulfill that appointment. And there was no Goliath, there was no cancer, there was no diabetes, there was no depression, there was no nervous spirit that could stop him from fulfilling that position because he had already been anointed to be king. So therefore, nothing that the devil threw at him could stop him from coming to his rightful position. I want to announce to you today, church, you have already had an appointment to sit with him on his throne. And there's nothing the devil can do to stop it. He cannot stop what God has already set in motion. And God has already put the bride on the move in this age. You will not be defeated. &gt;&gt; It's not my words. This is the Bible. This is a words way greater than any man has ever spoken. And these words are way greater than any tempter of this age. These words are eternal. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You cannot be defeated. &gt;&gt; The devil is under your feet &gt;&gt; and you're rejoicing because it's been revealed to you that your names &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This day this scripture is fulfilled in your ears. Amen. &gt;&gt; Have you heard your name? &gt;&gt; Have you heard the role is called? We're not waiting up there. The bride ain't waiting to go up there to hear the role called. &gt;&gt; She's hearing it right now on the earth. &gt;&gt; When the role is called, I will answer. When he calls for me, I will hear him. Hear what the spirit is saying to the church. &gt;&gt; Take the devil out your hearing. &gt;&gt; I I my timer's up. I'm going to deal with this for just a minute. That's okay. Are we okay? &gt;&gt; Amen. Every time brother Brandham talks about a a a deaf spirit or a spirit of blindness, he talks about something gripping the nerve, right? You go study in the message your own time. I got lots of quotes on it, but your message studiers. And so he he he explains how this spirit grips. He says it's like a transparent band, right? That grips around the hearing nerve of of that individual. And when he's praying for that individual, he always speaks to the spirit that's holding the nerve. And he says, "Let go of their nerve." And as that thing lets go of the nerve, then it releases that hearing back to the individual. Right? &gt;&gt; Something changes when the devil lets go. &gt;&gt; Something changes in your hearing when the devil has to let go. You remember in Acts the 16th chapter, I don't have the time to read all this, but in Acts the 16th chapter when when when Paul and Silas are on their road and they've converted Lydia and they've opened the word unto Lydia and then they run across just a few verses later, they run across this damsel who's who's a diver. Right. &gt;&gt; She's she's she's actually making money for the denominations, if I can say it like that, using a prophetic gift. &gt;&gt; Right. Well, the Bible says she was possessed with the spirit of divination. So you take that word divination back to the Greek originally and it means a python. &gt;&gt; You might think, well you going with this? Because the character of a spirit, &gt;&gt; right? He didn't just call them snakes for no reason. But their characteristics define what they do. And this spirit of false prophecy was constricting the hearing of the church and it had wrapped itself around the hearing nerve of the church and had strangled out the life of it. Like brother Bam says, a transparent band almost like you put it if you put a if you put a rubber band on my hand and you put it real tight. It's not going to take very long for these fingers to go purple and them to go numb because why? The blood is not getting to them. The life is not getting to the source, right? It's not completing the cycle. And it's just like that in the hearing of a of a person. If that constriction is around the hearing canal, they'll never understand what the spirit is saying to the church. But in this age, you have been given power over serpents and over spirits and over everything that would defy the move of the bride. It's time to release the uncction of the Holy Ghost over that situation and say, "Python, you have no hold over my hearing. Condemnation, you have no hold over my revelation, but I have heard my name. I have heard the shout. I have heard the victorious reign of the king has come back. and I will not listen to you anymore. There has never been a better time to hear what the spirit is saying to the churches. I don't believe that the word has decreased at all. But I think these work saying greater shall ye do because there's more of you receiving the hidden mana, receiving the opening of the word. It's no longer one man, but it's a many membered bride body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You were not called to a funeral, friend. Nor were you called to a frolic. You were called to a feast, a feast with Christ. And you are not feeding on the words of a man cuz they will fail. You are feeding on the body word, son of man, cuz it will never fail. This word is a feast with Christ. And as long as you're eating at this table, you cannot be defeated. &gt;&gt; You cannot lose because your name has already been revealed to you. Hallelujah. When Lucifer preached his magnificent, eloquent, I don't know the words. I'm not smart enough theological, glorious looking intellectual sermon in heaven. &gt;&gt; And all of those stars fell. &gt;&gt; You know, there were stars that did not fall. There were stars that didn't fall for that intellectual sermon cuz they already had their names written down somewhere and they couldn't fall to Lucifer's schemes. I want to tell you this morning, church, where were you? &gt;&gt; Where were you when the sons of God shouted for joy and the morning stars sang for glory? I was there. You were there. And the devil can't do anything about it. He already tried it and it didn't work. I stay with the word and I'll always stay with the word. I will not fall because I have been elected to see in this age and to hear what the spirit is saying to me. Come up higher. Come up higher. &gt;&gt; As we as we close down here, you know what that word loose means? To open the seals, to loose. It means to call to come higher. &gt;&gt; It means to call to come up out of that. &gt;&gt; Come off of just paper. Come off of just ink. but become a life living written epistles written in read of all men. There has never been a better time to witness this message than right now. &gt;&gt; I say we become bold. The devil has backed up the church too far in the corner. Well, they're just going to Google this. They're going to Google that. Let them Google it, but let the seed hear the word. Let the elect hear the word of God, and they can choose what they want to do with it. But I will not be found guilty for withholding something, something this powerful. Everyone I talk to, I want to let know this is the eternal word of God. This is the season of a rapture. This is the season of a body change. This is the season of deliverance. You don't have to stay where you are, but there is a greater word that has come down in this hour. &gt;&gt; Just a few months ago, Brother Diego and I were in Mexico at Easter time, actually. And there was a there was an older lady that came up for prayer. She was 78 years old, I think, the pastor's mother-in-law. And they they she came through the prayer line and and and they got our attention and called us to her and said, "This this sister is deaf. She's been deaf since she was six." I thought 70ome years has gone by and she's been deaf. I didn't find this out till later, but the pastor told me that when she was a young child, she got some kind of sickness and she got so hot internally that it bursted her her her vessels and her eardrums. So she actually didn't have the parts that it took to form an eardrum. They were gone. They had bursted. And she had gone 70s something years living in Mexico with no hearing. But that Easter night, &gt;&gt; the Lord restored right there instantly. I watched an instant miracle happen. And her hearing come back to her and she heard everything we were saying. She started rejoicing. She started praising the Lord and her her children started re weeping and rejoicing and rejoicing what the Lord had done. And I kind of felt a little weird, brother. And I thought, why out of all these young people here, and the Lord heals this 78-year-old lady who's made it all the way through life, who's had a good life, why heal her now? Why heal her of that hearing problem now? And the Lord, just as clearly as I'm speaking to you now, he told me, "There's never been a better time to hear the message." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There's never been a better time to hear what the spirit is saying to the church than it is right now. I say shake off the heavy bands. Get out of the distraction of the age. Don't look at politics. Don't look to what the world is doing. We have a more sure word of prophecy in this age. Hear what the spirit has said to the church. You are not going to go down into in defeat. You are not going to go down in in a disaster. You are going up with the word. You are going up with the bride. The shout of the king has returned to the camp. Let me say this friends. Tribulation is not my destination. &gt;&gt; Tribulation is not my goal. I'm in a rapture. And the rapture is on for the bride. It's on, friends. &gt;&gt; This is the bride's revival. If the music players would come, this is the opening of the word. This is what these things mean. This is the third poll. What does that mean? It means it's Christ in you using your body, using your voice. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. I hope that you understand where I'm coming from. Brother Brandham never had creative power in his being. &gt;&gt; It was Christ. &gt;&gt; And that same Christ has come in this generation to this group of people and has come down in the same might and power. This is the third pole. &gt;&gt; I I don't have time to read the quote, but he said the third pole went back to get them. &gt;&gt; Who's them? To them that overcome. To them my father has prepared a place for. to them that are here. &gt;&gt; This is us, friends. &gt;&gt; This is why you were born. &gt;&gt; That's so good. &gt;&gt; Your whole life has accumulated to this. &gt;&gt; You are the manifestation &gt;&gt; of the word of power in this age. &gt;&gt; And you will overthrow the greatest adversary the world has ever known. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I don't know what that does to you, but it does something to me. He's had me in a corner a lot of times. This old devil, that old slooh foot's had me backed up a lot of times. You know, sometimes I forget who I am. &gt;&gt; I let him win a little battle. Forget who I am. I let him I I let him back me up a little bit. Well, I guess it's just not for me. But then I remember as David did, &gt;&gt; he encouraged himself &gt;&gt; in the word. &gt;&gt; You know what it means to be anointed in the presence of your enemies? Brother Bam says, "Have you ever been anointed in the presence of your enemy? &gt;&gt; It means to rejoice in the middle of your situation. &gt;&gt; It means to give God glory right in the middle of the hardest trial you've ever been in in your life. Any Leodysian believer can come and sit down and fill a seat. Anybody, anybody can praise him on the mountaintop. &gt;&gt; But it takes a real believer to praise him in the middle of the valley. &gt;&gt; To praise him in the middle of the darkest situation you've been in. It takes a real believer to do that. I believe I'm speaking to real believers this morning &gt;&gt; that refuse to let the devil dictate how you worship. Refuse to let the devil dictate how you praise your God, where you see yourself in the scripture. I know that this has been clearly laid out by your pastor and other ministries that have come have told you that this word is where it's at today. This is the third poll. This is the opening of the word. But where the devil catches us is he says it's not for us. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's true. It's just not for you. &gt;&gt; That's a good one. &gt;&gt; You know that not all shall be saved. You know that not all are elected. You see how the devil tries to twist those scriptures? &gt;&gt; But the devil doesn't know who's elected. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; The devil doesn't know who's saved. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He's a bluff. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He doesn't know that you're a seed of God. &gt;&gt; He's trying to bluff you out of your position. &gt;&gt; It's the first track of inter trick of interrogation. You try to bluff them into confessing something. you know that they'll they'll go to a murder scene and if they think somebody's guilty, they'll come to them and they'll say, "Hey, we found your DNA there." And they'll try to get that person to say, "Yeah, it was me." &gt;&gt; And the devil will come to you and it'll come right to your your situation, say, "See, it's not you. &gt;&gt; You're not a real bride member. You're not a real believer. He's trying to get you to confess something. I've seen my name. &gt;&gt; It's been revealed to me. I may not look like it. I may not feel like it. I may not always show up like it, but it's been revealed to me who I am. And the devil can't take away my name. He doesn't have an eraser big enough. He can't blot out what God's already done. The blood of the lamb has already written my name there. And in the middle of my darkest trial, I will be in King Lamb worship because that is the season that I am living in to give God glory in the middle of every situation. In the darkest of Leodysia, I'm going to give God glory. I don't want I don't want my tormentor this morning to make it back down to hell and tell the devil he lost. I want my praise to reach him first. I want my victory shout to reach him first. I don't believe that those fallen, that servant that watched all of Egypt's army crash in the Red Sea and be utterly destroyed, I don't think that servant had time to make it back to Pharaoh. &gt;&gt; I believe Pharaoh heard 250,000 women in their tambourines give glory to the Lord. The horse and the rider are thrown into the sea. The Lord has triumphed gloriously. And I want to tell that anxiety demon today, I don't want him to make it back down to hell in time. I want to let the devil know that I'm already delivered. I want to let the devil know now that my praise is not going to be silenced. My my worry is not going to be louder than the voice of my praise. But I will rejoice because my name has been revealed on the lamb's book of life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. blessing it. You unravel me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The melody. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. with the song of deliverance from my eneies till all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. from my mother's womb. You have chosen me. &gt;&gt; Your love has gone by. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'll be born. &gt;&gt; Only the elect can be born again soon. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, your blood flows through my hallelujah. Oh, and I'm no longer slave. [Music] &gt;&gt; I am a child of God. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, child of God. You split the sea. Oh, you split the sea so I could walk by the way. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I will stand as I am a child. God, you split the sea. Oh, you split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in. How deep is his grace? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You rescue me and I will stand. Oh, &gt;&gt; why don't we sing it like we're free children tonight. I'm no longer You split the sea &gt;&gt; so I could walk right through. My fears are drowned in perfect love. Oh, you rescued me and I will stay. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm no longer a slave and I'm no longer slave to be. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, and I'm no longer slain to be. I am a child of God. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Fear has lost its battle. I'm no longer a slave to that condemnation. No longer a slave to the fear of this age or no longer a slave to the fear of my future. But I want to say what the prophet said, "Your future is clear." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Your future is clear. It's been written in the stars. Your future has a destination, but the devil's future is also clear. And when he ceases and breathes no more, I'll just be singing my 10,000th verse of Amazing Grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Are you free this morning, church? &gt;&gt; You recognize your name has been written there before before your confession, before the trial, your name was already there. I believe it's time to recognize a name means a representation of an entity. &gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. &gt;&gt; So, it's not just a name. &gt;&gt; There's representation there. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Have you received this message as eagle food? Have you recognized this message to be the food for eagles? Then you have heard from your theophony, which means you have representation there, which means you cannot be defeated. This is not the end for you. But you have a mansion waiting. And it's not a mansion of timber and cedar and wood. It's a theophonic body. And you have recognized this message to be your ticket to get back to that theophony that you bypass to be here. I think we got a lot of reason to rejoice in the message of the hour in this age because it's done more than any Baptist church could do or any Pentecostal idea could do. This is the revealed word of Christ in this age. We did not come together to talk about it. We came to get in it. It's a rocket &gt;&gt; and it's leaving. I think if you got one foot out, I say get all in. There's never been a time like this and you were born for it. You were born for it. Heavenly Father, we love you this morning, Lord. We thank you for your grace to us. We thank you for your revealed word, Lord, that has come to loose, Lord, those names that were revealed, Lord, to loose those seals, Father, where once we walked in confusion, and darkness, Lord, not knowing who we were, not knowing what the plan of God was, but Lord, as John stood there on that shore that day, Lord, and he looked down over the the shoulder of that book, Father, and he saw something, just maybe one word there. Oh, God, but it changed his life forever, Lord. It changed his confession. It changed everything about him. He went from weeping to rejoicing, Lord. And many churches, Lord, this morning don't know. Many individuals maybe in this room this morning, they don't know, Father. Lord, it hasn't been revealed to them, Lord, that the pages are open on the book of life. And you were revealing and calling those names in this hour. Lord, may they hear it this morning, Lord. Father, may they look past, Lord, the the doctrines and the ideas and the hurts and the scars. Father, may they look, Lord, at the true revelation of this word that's come forth, Lord, that has declared the names that were written there in glory. Oh God, Father, if it was possible for John to hear it and to see it, then Lord, I know it's possible for us this morning. For if you did it for him, you're obligated to do it for me. Lord, you're obligated to reveal to those sincere hearts this morning, Lord, that are at the feast of sincerity and truth. Lord, dining at your table this morning, Lord, waiting for their name to be called maybe this morning, Lord. May you let it ring true to them. Pierce through the doubt, Lord. Pierce through the unbelief of this age, Lord. Let your name, Lord, penetrate the cavity of their soul, Lord, they could come in contact with their theophony once again, Lord. God, this isn't a fairy tale to me. This isn't just some mystical story, but Lord, it's a reality of what you're doing in this age, Lord, that you're you're calling us higher. You're calling us in heavenly places with you, Father. Oh, Jesus, help us to lay aside every care, Lord. Help us to lay aside every distraction, Lord, and cling to that finished work of Calvary this morning. Father, tomorrow if we should fall and stumble, let us rejoice that there's a place deep enough that we could bury our sorrow. We could bury our mistake, Lord. Father, that we could be zealous for the hour and repent, Lord, and say, "Lord, I'm sorry, but my name is still my name. I'm still a son. I'm still a daughter. Lord, maybe there's some family praying for a prodigal this morning out there, Lord. Father, there's been Lord, maybe some time, but Lord, as you spoke to me so clearly this year, there's never been a better time to hear the message than now. Lord, may they hear their name be called out. The Lord may be in the middle of a maybe in the middle of a mud trough somewhere wondering if God's even real, wondering what truth is. But Lord, your word is greater than that darkness, Lord. And I pray that it would pierce through and call that by name, Father, that which is yours. For your word said you wouldn't lose one and no man can pluck them from your hand. And Lord, we claim that redemptive right this morning that you bless your children, Lord. Bless bless the leadership here. Bless the ministry, Lord. Bless the helps, Father. Lord, bless the faithful soldiers, Lord, who come and Lord or hear what the word is saying in this hour, Lord. May you just pour your spirit out fresh upon them, Lord. May there be a fresh awakening. I pray Lord Father Lord to rejoice ever more that you are alive and well living in your church. Father we love you this morning. We thank you in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; I am a child of God. Oh I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child. Oh, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me. I once was lost, but now I'm was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. Oh, and like a flood, his mercy reigns unending love. Amazing grace. It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relief. How preious did that grace appear. The hour I first believe. Oh my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. Unending love, amazing grace. My shades are gone, have been set free. My God, my savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy rains on any like a flood and like a flood. His mercy reigns. A unending love. Amazing rain. I'm going to make it. He already said that I would. [Music] So I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me and heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Oh, I'm going to make it. He already said that I would. And I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me. And heaven is in my view. Oh, I'm going to make it all through. [Music] Amen. Why don't you think for the word this morning? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Such an encouragement. Amen. Well, I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. And I took back what he stole from me. And I took back what he want you to steal back from tonight to the enemy scam. And I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, Satan is under my feet. Well, I went to the enemy's camp. And I took back what he stole from me. And I took back what he stole from me. And I took back what he stole from me. Well, I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, Satan is under my feet. Well, I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. And I took Oh, and I took back what he stole from me. Well, I went to the enemy's camp and I took back what he stole from me. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. He's under my feet. Oh, Satan is under my feet. [Music] Well, when I rose this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Well, I got down on my knees and I Lord help me, please. And now I see that shouting the victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. The victory today is mine. Well, I trust Satan to get thee behind. in victory today is mine. When I rose this morning, well, when I rose this morning, oh, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Well, I got down on my knees and I said, "Lord, help me, please. And now I sing and shouting, "Victory, victory is mine." For victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine, my mine. Well, I told Satan, get thee behind. Victory today is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. Oh, the Holy Ghost is mine. Oh, the Holy Ghost today is mine. Oh my go Satan. You got to get the behind. Oh, cuz the Holy Ghost today is mine. Peace is mine. Well, peace is mine. Peace is mine. Peace today is mine. My mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee high peace. Today is my when I rose this morning. Well, when I rose this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Oh, when I got down on my knees and I said, "Lord, help me, please." the God of sin. Shouting the victory. One more time, let's just say, "Victory is mine." The victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. The victory today is mine. It's mine. Well, I told Satan to get thee behind. will be today is my chall [Music] to get thee behind cuz victory today is mine. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to go ahead and close in prayer for this special Lord Jesus. So thank you, Lord, for this service, Lord, that you gave us, Lord. We're so thankful, Lord, that you're just so mindful of all our needs, Lord, that we don't have to walk in the same path, Lord, but we we've been restored and we we can walk in this light, Lord. We just thank you so much, Lord, for the word. We pray that you just uh bless Brother Ronnie, Lord, and Brother Ben Collins, even as they go back home as each and every one of us go back home. We pray just pray for safe travels, Lord, that we would just keep this victory, Lord. Thank you so much. In the name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Well, glory, glory. Well, I've been singing since I laid my burdens down. Oh, glory, glory. I've been [Music] since I laid my bur glory, glory, glory. Oh, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my word down. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Since I lay on my burdens, you got me singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. The Lord I'm going to sing. Hallelujah. Got me singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to say I'm feeling better. I'm feeling better. So much better since I lay since I laid. My world is down. Oh, I'm feeling better. So much better since I laid. Oh my word is down. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelu Lord I'm going to say as long as I'm alive. Well, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. As long as I'm alive. Oh, one thing that I know deep down in my soul. [Music] I've seen it and I've seen it. I've seen it. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. The Lord I'm going. I've sinned. I've sinned. I've seen it. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going long as I'm alive. As long as I'm alive. Amen. Praise God. As long as I'm alive. [Music] One thing I know, one thing that I know, deep down in my soul, it's all I'm singing. Hallelujah. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. The road I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm going to sing. [Music] Ain't no rock
