################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - Lift and Be Lifted - Isaac Hatfield - Isaac Hatfield - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-24
Title:   Lift and Be Lifted - Isaac Hatfield
Speaker: Isaac Hatfield
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKbiQgJzgx0
========================================

They called him Jesus. [Music] He came to love. [Music] Heal and forgive. He bled and died [Music] to by my part. Oh, and an empty grave is there to prove my savior lives. [Music] Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All my fears are gone because I know. Oh yes, I know. He holds the future. Yes. And life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music] And then one day, I will cross that river. I'll fight life's fight. [Music] Oh with pain. Hallelujah. And then as death gives way to victory. I will see the lights of glory and I'll know he reign. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, and it's because he lives I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. All fear is gone. Yes, it's gone because I know. Hallelujah. Yes, he holds my future. [Music] Life is worth the living just because he lives. Life is worth the living just because he lives. Hallelujah. He promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand when the valley's too low, the river's too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way, never leave my feet to stray. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises, one by one. Oh, I may have to walk through the valley of death. I may not be sure of my very next step. Oh, hallelujah. But he promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand when my valley's too low, the river's too wide. He promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my Hallelujah. Never leave my feet too straight. Yes, living in his word I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Yeah, I may have to walk on the water with him. But I don't have to worry as he goes swim. Oh, he promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand when my valley's too low and the rivers too wide. He promised lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. He never lead my feet to straight. Yes. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Boy, I like this here. Yes, I may have to walk through this world of sin, but with his spirit inside me, I know I'll win. For he promised to hold my hand. He promised to help me stand when the valleys too low and rivers too wide. He promised he would lead me. Hallelujah. Yes. He promised to light my way. Never leave my feet to stray. Living in his word, I will overcome. Stand. Let's all stand together. Sing it one more time. Yes. He promised to hold my hand. stand when the valleys do flow and the rivers to wipe. Promised he would lead me to the other side. He promised to light my way. Never leave my feet to straight. Yes. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Living in his word, I will overcome. Standing on his promises one by one. Hey, somebody say hallelujah this morning. [Music] &gt;&gt; How many loves every promise of God he's made for you? How many clings to him even this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. And we just uh glad to have brother Isaac with us this morning. Brother Brian's with us. Amen. And sister Bethy's God bless you. Amen. Sister Gracie, God bless you. Amen. It's good to have them all with us this morning. Amen. And but the number one person we're glad to have this morning. I believe Jesus is here this morning. He promised he'd be here with us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just confess that and let's take these prayer requests before the Lord. Amen. Uh brother Brian Hansy, would you come pray for the prayer request this morning, brother? Thank you. Sorry, I forgot to ask you beforehand. Uh, first one here. Please remember brother Dave Crest, senior in prayer on Tuesday morning. He's scheduled for a knee replacement surgery. That's so that's Amen. The Lord can take care of that for our brother. Let's just pray for a quick recovery for brother Crest. Love our brother, old soldier in the Lord. Healing for Sister Stephanie Landy. Sister Stephanie's not with us this morning. Our family's been dealing with flu-l like symptoms. So, let's just pray. Look around. See quite a few missing this morning from sickness. just keep them all in prayer. My mother and father and my mom had to go to the urgent care this morning as she's sick. Had really bad symptoms, really bad coughing and stuff all night. So, um pray that uh Dr. Jesus will be there with her this morning. Unspoken prayer request. The Lord knows need. He sure does. Amen. Sister Naomi's asking for prayer for her family and her lo lost loved ones. Let's remember that. Amen. Let's pray for safe return for our pastor and his family. They're coming home back home after uh ministering today. God, watch over brother Samuel and them. Please pray for loved ones who need the Lord in their hearts and lives. Amen. Praise God. Yes. May God grant that. And a couple prayer requests here for uh uh please pray for Sister Cruz. Uh brother Sister Cruz. Pray for the uh her for healing. Continue to pray complete healing for Sister Emma Cruz. May God grant that this morning. Amen. Amen. How many has a prayer request on your heart? Maybe you didn't write anything down, but uh you know the all knowing, the infinite God who sees everything that happened. Brother Brham said he knows every time a fly fly would bat its fly flap its wings, every time a nat would uh bat its eye. Amen. So he knows everything going on in our life. Let's trust him this morning. &gt;&gt; Morning, brothers and sisters. Um I just want to point to that cross right there. That is where it was all finished. So all these needs and requests we have, we look to that. He didn't die in vain. So let's go to the Lord in prayer. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, Lord, we love you, Lord. We thank you, Lord God. Father God, for coming, Lord God, into our lives, Lord. Father God, we thank you, Lord, for coming down into this world, Lord God, and taking on the burdens and cares and sins of the world, Lord God, and nailing them to the cross, Lord. Father, Lord God, we just come, Lord, humbly, Lord, asking for forgiveness, Lord, of our shortcomings, Lord. We plead the blood of Calvary upon our lives, upon our families, upon all the loved ones, Lord, those that are not here, Lord, Father God, that Lord, that are falling away, Lord God, that need to come back to you, Lord. We just we just bring them unto you, Lord, Father God. And all these needs and prayer requests, Lord, traveling mercies, sicknesses, Lord, you knew there all of these before the foundation, Father God. You came Lord Father God gave us your word Lord God. You are a witness Lord Father God living through us and Lord you just ask us to believe upon you Lord Father God just a simple belief in you Lord God with a faith Lord God you have given us Lord Lord God we love you and hand all this over to you Lord Father God. Lord we hand the service over to you and we ask you be with brother Isaac Lord and Father God we ask you to bless the tithes and offering Father God. Lord, we love you, Lord. We give all glory and honor to you in the precious name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless y'all. You may be seated. And we have a couple specials. So, let's sing our best with a few the songs we got this morning. Let's sing our best through it all. I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for tomorrow. There have been times I didn't know right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave blessed consolation. Let my trials only come. Make me strong through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. [Music] Been a lot of places and I've seen so many faces, but there have been times I felt so all alone. Oh, hallelujah. But it was in that lonely hour, in that precious lonely. Oh, praise his name. Jesus let me know that I was his own. Oh, hallelujah. Praise his name. Oh, and through it all. pulled through it all. I've learned to trust in Yes, Lord. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. [Music] Through it all, learn to depend upon his word. Take it off a little bit. So, thank God for the mountains and I'll thank him for the valleys. I'll thank him for the storms he's brought me through. Cuz if I never had a problem, I would know my God can solve them. I'd never know what faith in his word. Hallelujah. Whoa. Sing it, church. Glory to God. Yes. Through it all. Oh, through it all. Yes. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God through it all. Through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Oh yes, I've learned to depend upon his word. You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, when I am afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Sing it again. Oh, you are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. And I am afraid. Yes, sir. You're my hiding place. Refuge and it rages underneath your wheel. Oh, we rejoice. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. See you my refuge. And when my storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refu. Amen. Amen. Brother Roco, give a special. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God is so good. [Music] There are days my heart feels heavy and I struggle now and then. But victory with Jesus is always so sweet. If I could go to the places I've already been, I would do it all over again. And I would face every moment &gt;&gt; that he's brought me through. climb each mountain I've already climbed. Every step I have traveled, he's been faithful and true. So I'll walk them again by his side. every moment, every mountain, every mile. And many times there was a struggle, trusting what I could not see. But each time he worked all things for my good. So I would walk by his side through every triumph and trial. Every moment, every mountain, every mile I would face every moment that he's brought me through. I'd climb each mountain I've already climbed. Every step I have traveled, he's been faithful and true. So I'll walk them again by his side. [Music] Every moment, every mountain, every mile, every step I have traveled, he's been faithful and true. So I'd walk them again by his side. Every moment, every mountain, every mile, every moment. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Every mountain, every mile. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. That puts me in mind of a song. That always does. Amen. Appreciate that, brother Rock. That was a wonderful special. Makes me think of that song. Well, I don't regret a mile that I've traveled for the Lord. And I don't regret one time. I've trusted in his word. And I've seen the years go by. Many days without Oh, but I don't regret a mile. I've traveled for a special. Sister Bethy's got a special for us this morning as well. Bless us with a special. So, let's just sing this one more time. She comes. Lord, I don't regret a mile. I've traveled for the Lord and I don't regret one time I've trusted in his word. Well, I've seen the years go by many days without a song. But I don't regret a not one mile that I've traveled for. [Music] I got to go back again. God Jehovah, Jehovah, you're my he and you alone. [Music] Before I sing this, I'm going to just tell a quick testimony. Um, the last like year, year and a half, um, I was dealing with some real like health issues and, um, and they just kind of seem to drag on and on and then I sang this song kind of at the beginning of when it all started. And now, you know, when I sing it, it just has a whole new meaning. And I've I've met him in this way now. And and if you're sick or you're going through anything, I know he's a healer. [Music] And God Jehovah, Jehovah, [Music] you're our healer. You and you alone. And we will trust you, Jehovah. You're our healer. You and you alone. In the middle of doubt and in the thick of sorrow, you say look up to where our help comes from. Oh, if everything around us says there is no hope, we're never going to let go of the hymn of your own God. Jehovah, Jehovah. You're our healer. You and you alone. [Music] And we will trust you. Jehovah, [Music] you're our healer. you and you alone. [Music] We're standing on the promise, the foundation of your word, [Music] and everyone is healed, who comes before you, Lord. We're leaning on your power. You'll do what can be done. Oh, either now or forever, we know it's going to come. God Jehovah, Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone [Music] and we will trust you. Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone [Music] in all depression and every worry, every sickness. Lord, you heal in all addictiction and every family in every heartbreak. Lord, you heal and you're going to do it. Oh, you're going to do it. Jehovah Rafael. We know you will and you're going to do it. Oh, you're going to do it. Jehovah Rafa, we know you will. God Jehovah, Jehovah, [Music] &gt;&gt; you're our healer. You and you alone. Oh, and I will trust you. Jehovah, you're my healer. You and you alone. And if you know it, sing it with me. Only believe. Only believe. Cuz all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only [Music] believe. All things are possible because of this that Jesus [Music] is here. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. [Music] is [Music] here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible &gt;&gt; is here. How many say all things are possible for Jesus [Music] is here. Hallelujah. Let's give him a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Thank you, Sister Bethany. That was wonderful. Amen. Let's sing that. Amen. Uh uh the goodness of God as brother comes. Amen. As brother brother Isaac comes. Looking forward to the word of God this morning. How many's hungry? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing that. Brianna. Yeah. I love you, Lord, &gt;&gt; for your mercy never fails me. [Music] All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life, all my life, you have been faith. Yes, he has. Yes, Lord. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's sing it up real loud. I love your voice. How many loves God's voice this morning? How many's heard it? Boy, you led me through the fire. Hallelujah. In the darkest night. Hallelujah. You are close like no other. Thank God I've known you as a father. I've known you as my friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life all my life you have been he's been faithful. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Let's sing that second verse again. I just love that. I love your voice. Hallelujah. Oh, you have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are close like no other. Oh, I've known you as a father. I know. Oh, he is my friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. Lord, all my life you have been faithful. Yes, Jesus. All my life you have been how good. He's so good with every breath. I am a every breath. Lord, let me sing. I will sing of the goodness of God. His goodness. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Testify. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Help me Lord with my life laid down. I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after. Sing it again. Your goodness, your goodness is running after. running. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Your goodness is running after. Running. Oh, let's surrender now. With my life laid down, I surrender now. Lord, I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after running after. Oh, let's praise him one more time. All my life. Let's all stand. All my life you have been faithful, brother Isaac. God bless you, brother. &gt;&gt; All my life you have been so so good. Every breath I am able. [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, amen. I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, can you praise him this morning? Amen. Has he been good to you? Amen. He brought you through another week. Amen. He's kept you. Amen. and he's brought you out of this world to serve him and believe. Amen. The word for your hour. He's been so good to us. Amen. He's healed our bodies. He's saved our souls. And we're so thankful this morning to serve a living God. Amen. Amen. It's just so good to be with you. Amen. We just love this assembly so much. We love your pastor, Brother Samuel, and just trusting the Lord's blessing them there this weekend where they're at. and just appreciate his confidence to have us be here this morning. We just pray the Lord give us grace. Amen. As we approach his word. Amen. And so if you have your Bibles, Amen. We'll just go straight to the word and turn to the book of Numbers, chapter 21. And Amen. It's good to have family here this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. We got to spend some time with the Hannah family. And I'm sure, of course, we love Brother Brian, Sister Gracie, our our family, and uh my wife got to be here this morning with our little boy. And so, our hearts are full this morning for what the Lord has done. Amen. Has he brought you out of something? Amen. Have you ever been in a dark pit and the Lord lifted you out? Amen. It'll put a song in your heart. Amen. to know where he's neither is there any water and our soul loathth this light bread and the Lord sent fiery serpents among the people and they bit the people and much people of Israel died therefore the Lord came to Moses and said we have sinned for we have spoken against the Lord and against thee pray unto the Lord that he take away the serpents from us and Moses prayed for the people and the Lord said unto Moses make thee a fiery serpent and set it upon a pole and it shall come to pass that everyone that is bitten when he lookth upon it shall live. And Moses made a serpent of brass and put it upon a pole. And it came to pass that if a serpent had bitten any man when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived. And we'll go to the book of John. Couple quick places here in John 3. And you don't have to turn there if you don't want to, but we're going to read out of the 12th verse here. says, "If I have told you earthly things and you believe not, how shall you believe if I tell you of heavenly things, and no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven, even the Son of Man which is in heaven." And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting have eternal life. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. In John 12 just a few pages over in the 27th verse it reads now is my soul troubled and what shall I say? Father save me from this hour before this cause came I unto this hour. Father glorify thy name. And then there came a voice from heaven saying, "I have both glorified it and will glorify it again." The people therefore that stood by and heard it said that it thundered. And others said, "An angel spake to him." Jesus answered and said, "This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes. Now is the judgment of this world. Now shall the princes of this world be cast out, and I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me." This he said, signifying what death he should die. And the people answered him, "We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth forever. And how sayest thou the Son of Man must be lifted up? Who is the Son of Man?" Then Jesus said unto them, "Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while you have the light, lest darkness come upon you. For he that walketh in darkness, knoweth not whether he goeth. While you have light, believe in the light, that you may be the children of light." These things spake Jesus and departed and did hide himself from them. Amen. And if we could just bow our heads real quick for a word of prayer. And if you have a need, just lift it before the Lord. Heavenly Father, we just want to come before you this morning, Lord. And we just want to say how we love you, Father. We just want to say how we thank you, Lord, for what you've done in our lives, Lord. You've brought us through so much, Father. You've kept us in hours of of testings and trials. Father, you've kept us in hours of sickness. You've kept us in hours of bondage, Father. Lord, and you've brought us here this morning, Lord. And you brought us through many battles, Father. And Lord, we're here to testify that you're a mighty God, Lord. And that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And all things are possible with you this morning, Lord. So, we invite you to come into this meeting, Lord, to pick up these words which we've studied, Father, and inspire them and quicken them to our hearts, I pray, as we fellowship with you. and we'll be sure to give you the glory in Jesus name. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Amen. If we could just take a little text out of that. We're kind of staying in our Exodus study a little bit, but we jumped over to Numbers. So, but we're in that same channel of thought. And so, we'd like to speak out of that this morning on lift and be lifted. Lift and be lifted. And we find that the children of Israel were on their journey. The Lord had brought them through the Red Sea. The Lord had done mighty works amongst them. And they were constantly complaining. They were constantly murmuring. They were constantly always brother Paul looking for something to nickpit and and say my they were always comparing their journey with what they had in Egypt and saying this isn't the same. We had better food. Amen. We don't like this mana. We don't like that. that we don't have a constant source of water. We don't like these things. Constantly complaining. Amen. When when when they were feeding from heavenly mana when God would water them out of that rock in the wilderness and they were always finding something to complain and murmur after. And so they were uh would be released snakes that would come and bite them as a judgment for their murmuring and they're complaining against God and against his prophet. Amen. And brother Brandham said in this day that would be like saying, "Well, why do we have to go to church every Wednesday or Thursday? Why do we have to go to church every Sunday?" Constantly finding something to murmur about and complain about and say, "Well, it was better in in in this place. It was better in in this city. It was better, you know, when I used to be out in the world." and you're always looking back and and so we don't want to have that attitude of murmuring and complaining or else that's how you can get snake bit and a little bite of jealousy or a little bite of uh bitterness will get you. A little bite of of you know anger and hatred will begin to slip in in those moments of murmuring and complaining. Amen. So we want to be thankful. Amen. And we want to look to the one that's leading us because when they murmured and sinned, Amen. And it it it brought them into a condition where I mean they were at the door of death. They were they were complaining. They were sinning and they were sick. It was they were they were they were struggling on both fronts if we could say it. They were both sinick and sick in their body because those snakes and had bit them. And and when those snakes bit them, they had physicians in the land. Brother Brandon would say, but he said they didn't have a physician for that bite. Amen. They they might have had, I mean, a a certain qualified uh doctor for a certain thing and this and that, but nobody nobody was there to that was qualified to treat that snake bite because that snake bite represents sin and death that would bite, amen, this world. Amen. And nothing could treat it, amen, except Jesus Christ. Amen. A a and we have psychologists and we have amen church lodges and we have amen all these programs and 10step plans and those those are okay but they're not going to treat that sin bite amen of death that come in the garden of Eden Amen and put its mark upon this world amen that we would be born in sin and shaped in iniquity and come into the world speaking lies amen because that serpent the devil amen he has had his trail throughout the Bible where He's tried to destroy sons and daughters of God. Amen. And he got into that seed of the serpent. Amen. When he come through Eve. And since then, he's had a dominion over this world. Is that right? He's the god of this evil age. Amen. This is Satan's Eden that we're living in in our natural flesh because, Amen. Of what happened, Amen. in the Garden of Eden where he put his his fang marks upon this world. Amen. And now he's constantly trying to bite us, amen, with sickness and constantly trying to bite us with sin and constantly trying to bite us, amen, with with false doctrines. And any way that he can get his venom into the children of man, amen, he'll do it. He's not a respector of persons. Amen. But his mark has been put upon the people in this hour. Amen. But God, rich in mercy, said, "I will not leave you in that condition." Amen. But I will raise up a brass serpent which will be a symbol unto you. Amen. That you don't have to stay where you're at. He said you're guilty. Amen. You're absolutely guilty of murmuring and complaining. Amen. And you're unlawful people. Amen. But you're a circumcised people. And I will make a way. Amen. That you might escape from your Amen. Your death penalty. That you might escape. Amen. From your sickness and from your sin. And I will raise up a brass serpent. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. So Moses began to construct it out of uh maybe a mosquite tree and he said maybe brass from the helmets of the Romans or something that they had won in battle. And he begins to put it together as an end sign that they might look to it. And and it's been prophesied in Isaiah 5 that an end sign would be lifted up. And brother Brandham taught us an end sign is something that you look to. It's a commemoration like like a flag that you look to to say that we've won and this belongs to us and this is ours and uh an end sign was lifted up in Noah's day as an ark and it was lifted up in Moses ministry as a rod in his hand. I mean, but you see that ends sign travels throughout the Bible because it doesn't just stay in one spot because it's all pointing to the perfect end sign Jesus that would be raised on the cross. Amen. So, it's only types. Amen. But it was lifted up as a type, amen, in the wilderness with the children of Israel that they might look to the end sign and they might live. Amen. They didn't have to, amen, dig in their pockets and fork out any money, brother Dave. They didn't have to, amen, get on their knees and a a and do some sort of penance or mean enter into some sort of limbo or purgatory. I mean, they didn't have to mean they didn't have to put their name on a book or shake a hand. The only thing they had to do was look to the symbol on the on the cross and live. Amen. Only look and live. Amen. Amen. I I like what our brother Brian pointed you to when you were reading prayer requests. That's Amen. a perfect example of what Moses was doing, saying, "Look and live." He's saying, "I know you've made mistakes. I know you've had failures." Amen. You don't have to sit here day and night and worry about how you're going to fix it and how you're going to pay for it and what you're going to do to fix your mistakes and fix your family heritage. He said, "Don't worry about any of that. Just look, Amen. and live. Just look to just look to the symbol of atonement. Oh, and be resurrected from your struggle." Amen. But but but it matters how you look &gt;&gt; because because brother Brandham said some of them wouldn't look at all and they wouldn't receive anything and some of them would only look onto it as being an idol and they wouldn't receive the benefit because they didn't look right. But brother Brandham said when the true believer come out there and looked upon that serpent with spiritual revealed truth and mean that serpent being it was in the form of a serpent it represented sin already judged. Amen. That serpent was a symbol that God was in the camp. Amen. But if they only looked upon it as an idol, they wouldn't receive the benefit from it. Amen. But if they looked with spiritual revelation, they would see that that represented that that serpent. Amen. From the garden, Amen. that was judged in the garden. Amen. It was showing that sin is already been judged. Amen. Your mistakes have already been judged. Now, now the fundamentalists, brother Brandham would say, you know, they might have walked out and and they wouldn't they would look upon it and say that this was never spoken of in scripture. Brother Brandham said God can do things sometimes that aren't even spoken of in scripture. I if you're looking fundamentally, I mean, but the true believer can read between the lines with with revelation, amen, and see the mind of God that he's setting a type. Amen. But the fundamental says, "Oh, I I've studied the scrolls from front to back. I never seen this." Amen. This is fanaticism. This is just idol worship. And they missed the blessing. Amen. That was laying right before them. Amen. Just like they missed Jesus when he came. Just like they missed brother Brandham. Amen. Because they looked at it through fundamental eyes without spiritual revelation. But when the believer walks out and looks upon that symbol, he says, "That is my atonement. That is the judgment of my sin. That is my breakthrough into health. That's my breakthrough into deliverance. That's my breakthrough into joy and peace this morning. Amen. Because you're looking, Amen. different than the unbeliever looks. Brother Brandham said they'll come in the prayer lines. He said if they just look upon this as being Belzeub, they'll get Beelzebub's reward. But if they look upon this as Christ, then they'll get Christ's reward. Amen. You access the blessings of God through your approach to God. Amen. Wasn't that how blind Barameus accessed him when he called him, "Thou son of David, have mercy upon me." Amen. But when the serenician woman tried that, it wouldn't work until she called him Lord. Amen. Because that was his, amen, her approach through revelation. Amen. To the promises of God. Amen. And it matters how you approach the promises. It matters how you look. Amen. Because if you're looking at the promises in this Bible as something you have to earn or something you have to attain or the Holy Ghost is something you got to pound out of an altar, amen, you're going to live a very frustrated and discouraged life. But if you look upon the promises, amen, that Jesus paid for them at Calvary and the bloodbought promises belong to you and you have a right to purchase every promise of God. When you start looking that way, amen, it'll open up a whole new world to you. And you'll say, "Amen, it's my right. It's my inheritance. Healing is mine. Deliverance is mine. Oh, salvation is mine. My If you just come to church this morning and all you're looking at is a man up here spitting, amen, and sweating, amen, and a and you come every Sunday and you just see brother Samuel and you just sit there and say, "Well, well, well, preach me happy." or or impress me. Amen. If all you see is the four walls, if if all you see is the church trouble and the the struggles and the heartaches. Amen. You'll go back out the door the same way that you came in. But you say, "Lord, change the way I look." And you'll walk through those doors and you'll say, "The angel of the Lord accompanies the message always." And he's here this morning to meet my need. And the angels are encamped round about those that fear him. Oh, if God could give us eyes to look, I believe the pillar of fire is in the building this morning. Angels are surrounding you where you're sitting. Amen. And the voice of God still speaks through the five-fold ministry. Amen. If you take the veil off and you begin to look the way God intended you to look, you'll see a supernatural possibility this morning for God to come down and meet your need in a very personal way. Amen. You got to get your eyes off the struggle. You got to get your eyes off the man. That's why when people look at this message, amen, they walk away because all they ever saw was the mistakes. All they ever saw was the man. All they ever saw was this and that. Amen. But they never looked through revelation long enough to see that this is the revealing of the son of man. This is the coming of the Lord. Amen. But if they ever met that dissolver of doubts, oh, he would lead them through the scriptures and show them this message is nothing but the truth. Oh, but they don't take the time to look and that's all they ever see. Amen. But I I I I I like how Peter had to do it on Mount Transfiguration when God was adopting his son and lifting him up on a holy a holy God was there on the mountain and he was adopting him and there was Peter, James, and John. Amen. And there was Moses, Elijah, and Jesus. And God was adopting his son. And it was a supernatural moment. And Peter said, "Oh Lord, let us build three tabernacles. One for Moses, one for Elijah, and one for you, Lord." Amen. But Brother Bam showed us that Moses represented the law. And the law was a policeman that would only put you in jail. And and Elijah represented justice. And he said, "I don't want God's justice. I want God's mercy." Oh. But in a moment, amen, a voice spoke out and said, "This is my beloved son, and who I am well pleased. Hear ye him." And Peter looked again. And when he looked, he saw Jesus only. Amen. That's how you got to look at this message. Some people look and all they see is a bunch of rules and regulations. All they see is a bunch of justice and judgment, and tribulation. Amen. But look again, and you'll see Jesus only. Amen. Christ has descended. Get your eyes off of the law. Get your eyes off of the justice and look oh to Jesus only. Salvation this morning comes through Jesus only. It's not Jesus plus your works. It's not Jesus plus your goodness. It's not Jesus plus Amen. how many times you read your Bible a day, how many hours you spend in prayer. It is only through the blood of Jesus that we look this morning and find our salvation. Oh my. Look and see Jesus only. Amen. And that's why people criticize the way we worship and the way we shout. I mean, because when they look, all they see is a bunch of holy rollers. All they see is a bunch of Pentecostals. Amen. But brother man said, "You better be careful calling someone a holy roller that's doing what you should be doing." Amen. He said, "And if the name of Pentecost offends you," Amen. If the name of Pentecost will dampen your spirit, he said, "That kind of spirit ought to be dampened." Amen. because they're looking through the veil of a a of a a tradition or through a denomination and they don't see that it's the living God in our midst. Oh, but you say, "Why do you worship, Brother Isaac?" Because I looked like David looked and I see more than an emotion. I see the word returning into our midst and it's putting me in the spirit because this is what the believer has looked for for thousands of years. And we see it, Brother Brian. The word has returned back into this age and it puts us into a dance like it made David dance. I see like Peter looked and said, "This is that which was spoken of by the prophet Joel. I will restore saith the Lord. I look like Miam looked and the task masters which once tried to plague my life are dead in the sea behind me." That's why we worship. That's why we dance. We are looking into an unseen realm. Amen. Brother Brandham said at the pool of Bethesda, they said it's just the wind causing the waters to blow. But he said, "Not to them. To them, it was an angel of mercy troubling the water." Oh my. Brother Brandham told a doctor one time, he said, "Sure, in one sense, they're excited, but can you just can you excite your nerve by yourself?" No, it takes something to excite that nerve. And he said, "It's that Holy Spirit coming amongst us and then feeding us and giving us eternal life." Oh, but if you don't if you don't take time to look, you'll never see it. And you'll criticize it and speak against the move of God. Oh, but if you've ever broke through that veil, you'll never criticize it. You'll never you'll you'll see it for what it is. Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandt said that man preaching the social gospel will stand on the outside of the door and look in and call it a bunch of holy rollers. But he said that man and ever once breaks through that veil said you'll never call them holy rollers no more. &gt;&gt; It's a veil over the eyes not allowing them to look a way. And that's why we say God take the veil from off of my eyes. Amen. I don't want to look at my brother and sister and just see mistakes and failures and faults. I don't want to look and see squables and fightings and hurt. Amen. Because what difference does it make? Amen. We're all going to die one day and God's given us a life here together. Amen. Where we can fellowship. Amen. Not have the attitude of if I can just get even. If I can just get even with this one. If if I can just have the last say. Brother Brand said, "Choose life." He said, "Choose life. For if we wouldn't forgive our brother, how much more would the heavenly father not forgive us?" Amen. We don't want to hold a knot. We don't want to look through that lens. We want to look through the lens of the blood. Amen. We want to look through the lens of the word. We want to look through eyes of understanding because we've been given another set of eyes. You know, brother Brandham taught us that seeing is understanding. Amen. Amen. He said, "Some people say that seeing is believing." He said, "No, that's not right. Understanding is believing." Because the Bible said, "Except a man be born again, how shall he see or understand the kingdom of God." So, we've been given not a natural eye to look and believe with, but we've been given a spiritual eye, the six sense, &gt;&gt; faith, and in a spiritual sense to look past the natural senses. Amen. and see with eyes of understanding. Uh uh that's how Moses looked through the same window that Pharaoh looked through. Amen. Because by faith Moses saw the children of Israel and esteemed the reproach of those children greater than the glories of Pharaoh and the glories of Egypt. By faith he looked out the same window. Amen. But he saw differently than Pharaoh. Amen. He saw a group that he wanted to become a part of. Amen. Brother Brandham speaks about John Ryan who was blind. You all know the testimony. And he began to testify of his healing. And they were ready to throw him in an insane asylum because they thought he was crazy. Amen. For testifying when his eyes were closed shut. But brother Brandham said he's seeing with another sight. Amen. Amen. We've been given another sight that we might look through. Amen. That we might see the promise. Amen. The Bible said that they would have eyes and see not and ears and hear not. But in Ephesians 1:18, it says, "The eyes of your understanding being enlightened." Amen. So, it's possible that you could have eyes and see not. But the more important thing is that the eyes of your understanding would be enlightened that you might see with another sight the promises of God. And that happens when you're born again. Brother Brand said that new birth makes you a candidate for association with the unseen realm. Amen. And when you receive that new birth, you become a two-fold being and mean. One in the natural and one in the spiritual. And mean that you could look through the eyes of understanding. And this morning, if you come looking through the eyes of the natural man, I mean, you say, "I understand that there's a lot of struggles. I I understand there's a lot of heartaches. I understand that it doesn't look very good." But you understand by the onseen that all things are possible. You understand because he's here in five minutes. Amen. There's not a situation in the building that couldn't be changed. I understand by my eyes of understanding. Amen. That he's a healer this morning the same as he was. Amen. In brother Brandham's day. Amen. And I choose to lean not to my own understanding. Amen. But to lean on the promises of God. Amen. Sometimes you got to get your focus back cuz there's a lot of distractions trying to get your focus on the wrong thing. Trying to get you to focus on just your job alone or your your school alone. Those things are okay, but Satan's trying to get your focus. Amen. Just like he might have got them in in the book of Numbers just to focus on that snake bite. Say, "Well, it hurts pretty bad." Well, well, look, it's it's bleeding. There's gut blood gushing from it. And if all if if that was all they ever looked at, they wouldn't look, Brother Brian, and see that B serpent sitting on the pole. Amen. So that's why you got to get your focus back on the word of God. Amen. And look to what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what those 10 spies had to do. Amen. They had to choose to look away. Amen. From the giants, amen. To look to the land that God had promised, Amen. that they were going to possess. Amen. And they looked away. Amen. From the symptoms. They looked away from the giants. And they looked to the promise. Amen. Just like Jonah had to do in the belly of a whale. Amen. He had to look away from the bells from the whale's belly and the lying vanities and say, "Once more, Lord, will I look again to your holy temple?" Amen. Once more will I choose to look away from the symptoms. Amen. Uh Bethany found this quote the other day. I thought it was powerful. is that it depends on what you're looking at. If you're looking at your symptoms, they'll be there. But if you look to God's word, symptoms will have to vanish. Amen. I believe this morning there is the possibility that you can be right smack dab in the middle of something and you don't even see it. Amen. You say, "Amen. Don't you see, brother Isaac all the trouble? Don't you see all the all the churches and all the bickering and all this and that?" No, I have chose to look. Amen. I see it with these eyes. But thank God we've been given eyes of understanding. Amen. That we could focus our vision on the word of God and say, "I see Jesus. I see a rapture." Amen. Just ahead. I see a body change. I see prodigals coming home. Oh, there's power in looking away. Amen. Because brother Bram said, Amen. that those messengers, the each age would look away from the previous church and look to that pillar of fire and they would walk into a a a new age into Methodist and Pentecost into Luther. He said, but the children would come behind them and instead of looking forward, they would look back to what they came out of and they would go right back to the same thing. A mean because you go the direction that you're looking. And when but didn't brother Brandon teacher sat with the boy riding on the bicycle and all the boys that looked to the left and the right that's exactly where they went. But the boy that looked to the end went to the end of the road. Amen. And so there's power looking away. Amen. From the belly of the well and looking to the temple that God has raised up and say, "Oh God, I'm choosing to look away from my symptoms." Amen. Because if you look at your symptoms, that's the direction you're going to go. If you look at the trouble, that's the direction you're going to go. Oh, so look up, friends. Amen. Because that's the direction we want to go this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Looking away and looking again to the promise of God. Amen. I I You say, "I've looked wrong, brother Isaac. I I've been looking at the wrong thing." Then you can look again. That's what Jonah said. It says, "Yet will I look again toward thy holy temple." And brother Brandham said that that scripture prophesied and mean that the world wouldn't see him but yet ye shall see me. He said there it is. That's proof you can look again. Amen. Elijah when he was promised a it was going to rain and he had Gahazi go out and look. You know it was the seventh time before he ever saw any sort of change. But he kept looking again and looking again. And by the seventh time, he said, "Oh, I see something." Off in the distance, "I see a cloud the size of a man's hand." And when Brother Brandham said this morning, if that little thing has touched your heart and says, "I need that." That's that little sign the size of a hand of a man. Amen. Something in your heart this morning is saying, "I need my joy back. I need my peace back. I need my family back. But I just don't see it." Brother Isaac, that's a sign right there. If you just look in the distance, there's a little cloud about the size of a fish coming over the horizon. And if you just keep looking, that cloud will become a thundercloud. And all of a sudden, it's going to rain. Amen. The promises are going to rain upon your life. Amen. Because you just kept looking. Amen. To that ser that brass serpent. You just kept looking to the promise and it'll pour out everything that you have need of. Amen. asked what brother Brandham had to do when that cloud picture was taken in 1963. He said, "Amen, a spiritual revelation had to cause him to turn it to the right." He said it was at the wrong angle, but when he turned it to the right, he said, "That's my Lord up there." And because sometimes you're looking at things through the wrong angle. Oh, you know, Brother Brandon said there was that cloud picture. I think it was in Germany. is that if you were off at a distance, it looked like it looked like thunder clouds, dark, stormy clouds, but when you got down and kneelled and looked up, it said it was angel's wings beating together. Amen. Because it was the wrong angle. Oh, amen. If you're looking at your trial through the wrong angle, you're going to say, "What's wrong? Is God judging me? What have I done to deserve this? Does he not love me? Has he forgotten me?" But he said, "No, it's just blessings in disguisement." Amen. It It's just my angel's wings gathering you onto myself, putting you through a test and a trial to show you how much I love you. Oh, you got to look at the right angle. &gt;&gt; To them that are looking for him, will he appear the second time? To them that are looking, that's how you unlock the blessing. Look and live. Look to the atonement and live. Get your eyes off of everything else. Look away from everything contrary and look and live this morning. Amen. We're here to lift it up. They said, "What are we lifting? Are we lifting ourselves? Are we lifting our our church? Are we lifting this or that?" No, we're here to lift Christ. I mean, because Satan had a plan to lift himself. You'll find it in Isaiah 14. It says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which did just weaken the nations? For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will also I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north." Now, this is Satan's heart. This is his boast. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell to the sides of the pit. You see, this was where sin began in the in heaven. Brother Brand said it didn't just begin in the garden. It began in heaven when Satan began to try to exalt himself against God. And he he he had an ambition to be like God. He wanted he he had a a plan, a purpose, a desire that he would be exalted above the stars or brother Brandon would say above the suns of God that the sons might worship him. He had a great desire to build himself in Eden. Amen. That he could have his own Eden where he would be the center of worship. Amen. And brother Brandham said that he has succeeded in carrying out his threats and explaining away amen from the people in every age the value of God's promised word to that age. Now we want to see at who this person was that was speaking. Brother Brandham teaches us that it's Satan. Amen. But but he says that Paul saw the same one that Isaiah saw in 2 Thessalonians 2, which brother Brandham uses to speak about the first horse rider, the white horse rider, the antichrist spirit. Because in 2 Thessalonians 2, it says, "Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped, so that he as God sitth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." That's that Antichrist spirit. Brother Bram said that Paul and Isaiah saw the same one. Amen. And we also see it in the book of 2 Chronicles 26 how there was a man named Uzziah. Amen. Who got a little bit Amen. Too big for his britches. I I guess we could say I don't know where that came from, but Amen. I guess you say that here maybe. Amen. And he got a little bit exalted above I mean what he should have been. And he went in to offer incense which was the position of the priest. And he tried to take the position of the priest and exalt himself above. Amen. His position. Amen. And leprosy struck him. Amen. And he was cast down and the sin of leprosy because he tried to exalt himself. Amen. And brother Brand said that's what the denominations have done. It's selfexaltation. Amen. And they've been struck with the leprosy. Amen. of unbelief because they've lost their grip on the word and tried to exalt creeds, tried to exalt themselves above the word. I mean, isn't that what the serpent did in the Garden of Eden when it said, "You shall not surely die, trying to exalt himself above the word of God." And brother Brandham said, "That's what the Catholic Church is doing." They say, "We are the voice regardless of what the word says." and they've exalted themselves into a position until they've placed the authority of the church above the authority of the word. And they make their offers and to men and women saying, "Come to our church and we'll give you a better position. Come and we'll give you more money. Come and you'll have more popularity. Come and you'll be exalted." Amen. In our in in our great denomination. Amen. But there's a principle in the Bible that says that he which would try to exalt himself shall be abased. And I'm so glad that this scripture says and that whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased. Amen. It says yet to that Satan up in heaven thou shalt be brought down to hell to the sides of the pit. In Luke 10 it says and he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven and he was cast out. Amen. from his position in heaven. Amen. To be a base down into the form of a serpent. Amen. But he that is humble shall be exalted. Amen. So that's why we're not here this morning to exalt ourselves. That's why we're not here to just exalt a man or exalt a church or establish ourselves. Amen. But we are here amen a as message believers to establish the word in the hearts of the people like Paul commanded us to do. He said, "I came not in excellency of speech or in wisdom." Amen. But he came to establish the word in the hearts of the people, not to exalt ourselves. Amen. But you let God do the exalting. Oh, but he which humbles himself to the word of God, Amen, shall be exalted in due time. Amen. But Satan always tries to exalt himself and he ends up humiliated. He ends up in a place of great humility. Amen. But when Jesus came, he came in humility and he was exalted. Amen. That's our Amen. That's our our antitype of the brass serpent was Jesus when he came on Calvary. Amen. Now, if we could just if we could just follow the path of the son of man for a moment, if you'll give me grace. Here was this son of man. Amen. And he was dwelling there up in heaven. Amen. But there was a a a scriptural prophecy that the son of man, amen, must be lifted up. Jesus said, "Even so must the son of man be lifted up." And there he was going to come down to to Calvary and be a type of that brass serpent. And brother Brandon said, "People, you know, don't understand how that serpent could be a type of Jesus." He said it was a type in this. It was absolutely dead. Amen. It was no life left in it. It was crystallized there on that pole in the book of Numbers. He said that's why it was a type of Jesus because when he came, he absolutely died on the cross. And when he absolutely bore your sin and your iniquity and judged it on the cross of Calvary, he hung on a tree that he might take the curse, amen, off of your life. Amen. We're not looking to the tree. Amen. We're looking to what hung on the tree. our Jesus. Amen. Our savior that hung on the tree and came in humility. The Bible says, "What and if you shall see the son of man ascend, Amen. up where he was before." Amen. In John 2, and no man hath ascended up to heaven, but he that came down from heaven. So you see, Jesus was in heaven. He existed in heaven. Amen. But he humbled himself and was made lower than the angels that he might be abased. Amen. That he might lift up sons and daughters of God. And when it was prophesied that he was going to be lifted, so must the son of man be lifted up. When ye have lifted up the son of man, ye shall know I am he. These are all scriptures in the book of John. The hour come that the son of man might be glorified. If I be lifted up, I will draw. Signifying what death he would die. And now is the son of man glorified. And God is glorified in him. You see, Jesus came, the son of man, and descended from heaven. But he come to be glorified again and lifted up on Calvary. And in the garden of Gethsemane, brother Bram said that Jesus fought it out with Satan in the garden of Gethsemane. and won back the Eden. Oh, glory to God. Satan had been building himself in Eden. Amen. For thousands of years, amen. But the son of man came in a path of humility and fought it out in the garden and he won back the Eden. Amen. For his spiritual seed that they might have a place to go. And when he went to Calvary, Amen. He bruised the head of that old serpent. Amen. That had come, Amen. from the garden that was cast down out of out of heaven and that had been trying to bite sons and daughters of God. Amen. From the beginning, amen. Of the garden of Eden. Oh, but our son of man came down and put his foot upon the head of that thing and bruised that old serpent devil. Amen. That had been trying to destroy sons and daughters and was lifted up on the cross that we might have something to look to and live. I I this is powerful to me what I just was finding this quote you know the first person and when begin to look to him before he ever even drew his last breath that thief on the right before he ever drew his last breath and then you see it matters how you look because there was two thieves and brother Brandham said there was four people hanging on the cross that day oh my he said there was Jesus and Judas God and Satan and there was a thief on the left and there was a thief on the right, brother and sister. But when that thief and on the left said, "If thou be the son of God, take us down." And brother Bram said, the other one said, "Lord, we do justly getting punished, but you've done nothing. Remember we remember me when you come into your kingdom in that day." Amen. The seed of Satan went with Judas down into the pits. Amen. But the man on the right went with the son of man. Amen. to paradise that day because he chose to look a through the eyes of understanding and say, "Lord, oh, have mercy on me. Have mercy on me, Lord. Give me a pardon. Give me your grace, Lord." And pardon was released to the one that looked upon him as a pardoning God. Oh, Brother Brham said, "He came from heaven down to hell that he might take us from hell back up to heaven." Oh, what a son of man. What a condescension. Amen. To come down and lift up a bride. Oh, into glory. Amen. But it didn't stop there. Amen. But he went to the regions of loss. Amen. And he was going to play the role of a high priest. And the Bible says that he prophesied that they would receive power. It said when he had spoken these things while they beheld, he was taken up and a cloud received him out of their sight. But while they looked steadfastly toward heaven, as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel, and said, "Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go." Brother Brand said that ascension was one of the greatest days that there ever was because since the Garden of Eden, heavens had been shut off from mankind. But there dominion that belonged to Satan, our high priest came with his own blood and he began to ascend back up to the to the right hand of God. Brother Br said he came to the lowest. Amen. But God set him up on a pinnacle. God set him up so high that he would have to look down to see heaven. And he come down and he tore everything that Satan had ever built. I mean, he tore the dominion of the devil. He tore the veil of sickness. He tore the veil of sin. He tore the veil of worry. He tore the veil of depression. He tore the veil of anxiety. And the channel of the Holy Ghost is open this morning. Brother Brandham said he came homeless to make a way for homeless men and women. Brother Brham said he rent the veil that you could be saved. He rent the veil that you've committed adultery if you have cursed. If you've done anything wrong, he rent that veil for you. That stick that Satan holds over you. He rent it if you'll only receive him. You see what Jesus did in his ascension? He rent the veil. Amen. that Satan's Eden had blocked off God from fellowshipping with his people from the Garden of Eden. But when Jesus came down and paid the shed blood, he rent the veil of that stick the devil's been holding over you. Oh, that old stick that he tries to beat you down with day after day after day and say, "You're never going to be good enough. You're never going to amount to nothing. You're never going to go in a rapture. You're never going to make it to that marriage supper. You're never going to. You're never going to. You're never going to. Have you ever heard that voice? Amen. But the veil of that voice was rent on the day where Jesus shed that blood and became a high priest. Amen. For your Amen. deliverance. Oh, but it didn't stop there. Amen. But the next time Stephen saw him when they were stoning him and killing him for standing for the word, he said, "Behold, I see the heavens opened and the son of man standing on the right hand of God." Ephesians 1, which he wrought in Christ when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places, far above all principality, far above all power, might, dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come, and hath put all things under his feet, and hath give him to be the head over all things to the church. Psalms 97 says, "Thou, oh Lord, are high above all the earth. Thou art exalted far above all gods." Oh, he was exalted and above every principality, above every power, above every dominion, above every name that could ever be named and put at a right hand where he would begin to intercede upon your confession. &gt;&gt; Amen. our sons and daughters. Amen. Brother Ray, could come back into fellowship and begin to speak the word again over their situation. And when he was lifted up, Amen. when he was lifted up above everything that the devil had established, there is a way by one spirit, you can be baptized into one body that if Jesus is above it, so are you. Amen. Because if you are in Jesus and Jesus is above it, then you can live above it, too. Amen. He come to lift sons and daughters back into a seat of authority. He come to lift you into heavenly places with him. He didn't come to lead you down and in a world of torment, but he says you can have dominion over your flesh. You can have dominion over sin and you can have dominion over the devil. Oh, I say this morning that you can live as high as you can lift my Jesus. Amen. Because if you only lift this message to just another church, you'll never be able to rise above, Amen. sin. You'll never be able to rise above a halfway life. You'll never be able to rise above the makeup and the high heels and the and the depression and the anxiety. You'll never be able to rise above it. But if you lift it up into a place where it is the revealing of the son of man, then brother, you can go so high above those things and it'll lift you into the place of a joint air. It'll lift you into a place of adopted sons. It'll lift you into a place of a manifested son or daughter of God. It'll place you on a throne of overcoming. Oh, because that's where I'm placing him. And when I place him down here, then I'll go down there. But if I place him where he really is, oh, you can rise into a seat of authority and go where you belong. Amen. That's why I'm lift the answer above the problem. Amen. Lift the answer above the situation. Amen. Lift the answer above what you're going through. Amen. And say, "Well, mine's a hard case, Brother Isaac, but it said every name." Amen. So, you can name your devil. You can name your struggle. You can name your trial this morning. And I say that he is above it. He's above depression. He's above anxiety. I mean, he's above sickness. He's above cancer. He's above blood sugars, amen, that are off and blood pressures. He's above, Amen. Amen. every sickness that you could think of. He's above the spirit of suicide. Amen. We just had a young boy in our camp. Amen. He He fellowships with our church. Amen. Quite a bit. Amen. And he was Amen. He said, "I've always struggled with my faith." He said, "I I didn't even believe in heaven." He said, "I thought that was something that was created a few millennia ago to cope with the thought of afterlife. I didn't even believe I He said, "I would I would cry myself to sleep almost every night thinking about what what would happen after he died. I I would go down to I I would cry myself to sleep. I I would struggle even so much till Amen. before Amen. before camp, he got out a pen and paper and was going to write a note." Amen. But he he couldn't go through with it. But he was that low. Amen. But he came to the the camp. Amen. And he would fall asleep in the services and sit there. Amen. Amen. Like a bump on the log. But something drew him into that prayer line. And when he went through that prayer line, it said it was like God was speaking straight through every minister. Amen. He said he'd been through prayer lines after prayer line and he never felt a mean that. But God met him in that prayer line and he felt the weight lift off of him. He said, "I felt the presence of God and it felt like love." Amen. He He had long shaggy hair. I mean, he's got a fresh haircut. He said the the worldly desires are gone. He said the suicidal thoughts are gone. Amen. Because my God has been lifted above the spirit of suicide. My God has been lifted above the spirit of depression. My God has been lifted above those belittling thoughts and those tormenting devils. Oh, my Jesus has been lifted above every anxious thought. Amen. Amen. Give it over to Jesus. Amen. It's time that you stop carrying it and you put it in the hands of the one who was meant to carry it. Amen. Let go and let God carry your burden. Mother, let go. Father, let go and let God. Amen. Carry your anxious thoughts. Take no thought for tomorrow. Tomorrow will take thought for itself. Amen. Commit it to God. Oh, he's over every backsliding devil. There was another young man who had got away from the Lord from our church. I mean, he was he said he planned a vacation to Florida and he said he planned it over two Sundays just so he can miss two services cuz he didn't want to come to church. Amen. It was getting pretty bad. Amen. We were hearing things he was saying. Amen. That it was just blowing people away the stuff that he was saying. Amen. But he said that brother Wayne preached a sermon and he was speaking just in a passing moment about how God will make somebody in in a bar, you know, speak to you about Jesus. And while he was down there in Florida, there was something happened at a Waffle House, he said. And he just went in there to just to talk to him about what had happened. I don't know what it was. And said while he was in there, and when that weight waiter, I believe it was, be to speak to him and he said he had tattoos, I think, long hair, long hair, looked like a hippie. said he wouldn't expect him to speak to him about Jesus, but he started telling him over and over again, "God is testing you. God is testing you." They're in a Waffle House in Florida. Amen. God remembered his son and he said, "God is testing you." And he came back to church. Amen. And he's been coming to church. Amen. Ever since pretty consistently, he went to the camp and God met him in that camp. Amen. And brought a deliverance to his life. And now he's coming to church. I mean, he's serving the Lord. Amen. Because our God is above that backsliding devil. Amen. Our God is above. Amen. Every devil. Amen. Amen. Put the name of your devil. I say, "My God is above it." You say, "What are you doing, brother Isaac?" I'm lifting Jesus higher. Amen. My Spencer, one of his favorite songs when we're pushing him on the scene, he says, "Higher, higher." And then he'll start breaking out in a song. Higher, higher, higher, higher. Cast your burdens onto Jesus. I mean, I I I think that's pretty good. Amen. If you want to go higher, Amen. start start pushing the swing higher. And then if you want to go higher, start lifting Jesus higher. Amen. Higher. Higher. Lift him out of history. Lift him out of the history books. Lift him out of yesterday. Lift him out of last week. Amen. Lift him out of last month and say, "Jesus, you are the same yesterday, today, and forever." Oh, that wave sheath was waved in the life of Jesus. I mean that wave sheath and brother Brandham would teach us was the first one to come to maturity and then and it showed that the rest of the field would come to maturity and Jesus was the first one to come to maturity and he was waved on the day of Pentecost and that the same spirit that dwelt in him might dwell in a bride and that he could say the same works that I do shall ye do also because I live ye live also. that the same one that brought me to maturity is going to bring a bride to maturity. And what happened in Jesus ministry, the sick were healed. Amen. The blind saw. Amen. The dead raised. The deaf heard. Amen. Amen. The lame walked. Amen. But it said it would be waved again in this last day. Amen. And brother Brandham, I believe, was the first son in this evening time to come to maturity. Amen. Because the son of man was being revealed in him and he was raised up and saying be the same spirit that would dwell in a prophet. Oh, if it would get in a bride, amen, it would lift you also. Amen. And in brother Brandon miss in his ministry. Amen. Squirrels appeared, missing eyes appeared. Amen. Storms were spoken out of existence. Amen. And because amen, he was the first son to come to maturity. Oh, it shows. Amen. That we can too because the same one, oh my, dwelling in a bride will lift you into that same level of maturity. Amen. That born sons, field sons could speak and their word would be backed. Amen. Even so must the son of man be lifted up. Amen. We're going to we're going to we're going to bring out final few points here. Amen. Amen. But we're following that path of that son of man. Amen. And here he is. Brother Brandham said he's here tonight. He's still lifted up. He was put into the grave. And God lifted him up. And his spirit is among us tonight doing signs and wonders. Do you believe it? And brother Brandham said in one meeting, he said uh yesterday, they were building platforms for President Kennedy and for President Nixon to see who they would elect as their great president. He said, "Tonight, I'm building a platform for Jesus Christ that we might elect him as savior that we might elect him as our healer." Amen. And he lifted up the son of man in his ministry. Amen. Did he not say it was he down at the river that day? Amen. It was he that said, "As I was with Moses, so I will be with you." It was he, amen, that said, "The neverfailing presence will be with you wherever you go." It was he. And when that came and put the sword in my hand in Sabino Canyon, it was he. It was he that gave me the vision of that cloud like a triangle. It was he. It was he. It was he. Brother said that's where they missed it. And when they couldn't see that he wasn't the son of man, but he was a son of man revealing the son of man. And when he came to the end of his road, he said, "I must decrease, but he must increase. And my ministry is to declare him. He is here." As it was in the days of Sodom, so will it be at the revealing of the Son of Man. Sarah, why do you laugh in your heart? She's behind you in the tent. Brother Bram said, "I've been having my back to the audience every night this week. I forget which meeting he was in." Amen. Amen. So close that people would say he was the son of man. But he said, "No, who is this Melzdc?" And who is this? Amen. Who am I revealing? It's the son of man being revealed. Amen. I I like this because Oral Roberts would lay his hands on everybody. He would tell him to touch a radio or touch this or touch that. Brother Brandham said it was a point of contact. He said that's wonderful or you know anything that you can have a point of contact. But brother Bram said, "Now to my meetings, it's a supernatural being that's absolutely in the meeting and you can see it moving." Brother Bram said, "My ministry is not a personal contact to each one. It's to lift up Jesus Christ so everyone can see his presence." Oh, glory. People criticize brother Brandham for not praying for enough people. But I'm glad he didn't because he was doing something. He said, "I can't do that for each one because my ministry is different. My ministry is to lift up the son of man so that others might see his presence. Oh, my ministry is to declare him and lift him up that those would have a hunger to see Jesus could see him." Oh, amen. But you know what they did in the book of Numbers? They begin to worship the image of that brass serpent. They begin to worship that end sign. Amen. until God would have to destroy that and they would have another insign raised up. Brother Bram said the next place it would go was the pool of Bethesda. Amen. Where it would be raised up again. Amen. In the book of 2 Kings 18, the prophet Hezekiah had to come and destroy that brass serpent because they were worshiping it as an idol. Oh, and Brother Brham says it in the God rich in mercy. Amen. They begin to worship denominations. And I'll say this, they begin to worship Brother Brandham. They begin to worship the image. I mean, the gift that was raised up. Brother Brandham said, "Thou hast ordained this gift." He said they would, he said, "If the brass serpent was here today, they would be traveling from all over the world to see it." But brother Brandham said, "Thou hast ordained this gift." Amen. And they're traveling from all over the world to see it. Amen. Not to Amen. To those that looked with understanding, he would say it's not to not to lift up a gift, but the gift is to vindicate that his presence is here. Amen. But they begin to idolize the gift and worship the gift. And they begin to idolize the brass serpent. And brother Bram said, "What we need on the scene today is a prophet that will destroy the idol of denominations that thinks they're going into heaven upon belonging to some creed or denomination. it needs to be destroyed, burn up and thrown away. Amen. Go he begin to show how those church ages and mean they were begin to idolize them and say I belong to this and I belong to that and I belong and and this is where I go and this and that and brother Brandon said we need a prophet and to destroy it. He said that might have been good for that journey but it's not going to work for this journey. Oh glory. I mean, Luther was lifted up as an insign for his journey. But that's not the end sign for today. I mean, the Methodist in sign was lifted. The Pentecost in sign was lifted. But brother Brandham said, "Oh, that a prophet must come to destroy all those other images and point us to the image for today." And brother Brandham said, "God rich in mercy has sent back the Holy Spirit upon us and vindicating his word tonight as he promised he would do. God promised he would do these things. Oh, so what do we look to in this hour? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The prophet did not destroy denominations without pointing us with to something to look to. &gt;&gt; Brother Brham said or the Bible said, "Neither shall they say lo here or low there, for behold the kingdom of God is within you." when he said to the disciples, "The day will come where you shall desire to see one of the days of the Son of Man and you shall not see it." I mean, they'll say, "Lo here and low there." Oh, glory to God. Brother Brand said they'll say, "Lo here in the desert, low here in Phoenix." Amen. He said they'd get blood in the hand. Say, "Lo here. Lo there. Lo here. Lo, come to our church. Lo, come to our denomination. Lo, look at me. Low. Look at this. Low. Look at how many members we have. Low. Low. Amen. But brother Brandham said, "Don't look low here and don't look low there." Amen. But look up. And brother Brandon pointed us up. Amen. That in 1963 when that cloud descended, he said, "That's my Lord up there." He said, "Don't look low here or don't look low there. But if you want to know where to look in this hour, look up and see. The Son of Man has descended in this age. The son of man is here. Amen. He said, "He which has gone up." Amen. In a cloud. If you have the picture, you can show it. He which went up in the cloud shall come again in like manner. And as he went up and brother Brand said, I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with the cloud. He's looking to the right. And the inside that was lifted up on Calvary. The same way he went up, he came down clothed with the cloud. looking to the right to pardon and those who would receive his pardon and grace. Oh, look up friends. The son of man is here. Oh, he came from heaven. He came down to Calvary. Amen. He came down to the regions of the lost. He went up to the right hand of God. Oh, but he his body is still there. Amen. But his appearing has come down clothed with a cloud. Amen. What do we lift now? Amen. It won't do any good to lift the Baptist church now. He's not there. It won't do any good to lift the Methodist church anymore. He's not there. It won't do any good, Amen, to lift Brother Brandham anymore as more than a prophet because he's not here. He played his role. Amen. But if you want to know what to lift in this hour, lift up the son of man. Lift up the presence of Jesus Christ. lift up this message with all of your hearts and it'll lift you. Oh my. I mean, you see the danger of that deity snake bite. I mean, it'll get people to look to the future for something that's coming. Brother Brandham's going to return. It's off in the future, but they're not looking the right way. It's a snake bite, a deity, devil. Amen. But the bride has caught the revelation. Amen. That when brother Brandham left the scene, I mean, he didn't go with him, but he said, "I must decrease that. He must increase. Oh, the son of man is here. Where is he, brother Ray? He's in a bride body. Amen. The son of man ministry. Oh, the at the voice of the seventh angel. The mystery of God should be finished. Amen. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And this great mystery which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Oh friends, I'm here to lift up Jesus. I'm here to have a lifting service. Amen. Lift up the message of the hour. Amen. Lift up the promises of God. Lift up the answer above every problem. But you know what? You want you you might have to if you're going to have to have a lifting service. Amen. We might have to have a casting down service first. I mean, because that old devil was going to be cast down to that lake of fire. But the Bible also says, "Casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." And it's time, friends, to cast it down this morning. It's time to cast down every imagination. It's time to cast down every reasoning that would exalt itself against the word of God. It's time to cast down, I mean, every devil that's trying to hold you back. Amen. from who God is lifting you to be. It's time to cast down those thoughts. It's time to cast down those murmurings and complainings. It's time to cast down, Amen. every anxious devil, every devil of depression. Amen. Because that's where he belongs under our feet this morning. Amen. When brother Brandon was in South Africa, he said, "Whoever will accept him as savior, cast down your idols." And he said 30,000 raw heathens cast down their idols until it was like a dust storm in there. I mean from the amount of idols that were cast down and my Bible says what agreement at the temple of God with idols. Oh, I'm telling you every thought contrary to this word that's tried to exalt itself in your mind and say that you're never going to make it and say that your children are never going to return. Say that you're always going to be this way. This is just your makeup. This is who you're going to be. I say cast down. Amen. Every thought cast down. Let God's word be true and every man's word be a lie. Amen. Because oh while Satan's going down and we're going up. Oh glory. You know the Bible says that we would look narrowly upon him and say, "Is this the guy? Is this the guy that tormented us? Is this the guy that kept us up at night? Is this the guy? Is this the guy? This little fellow. Oh, how the tables are going to turn. Because you know it's that same devil and Goliath that would look upon David and say, "You're nothing but a dog. Are you the guy that they sent? You're ruddy. You're nothing but a a youth." Is this the guy? Oh, but what a day it'll be. Amen. What a day it'll be. Amen. When we look down at that devil in the same way that Goliath looked at David and say, "Are you the guy? Are you the guy that exalted yourself above the word of God? Are you the guy that kept me up at night? Are you the one that gave me nightmares? Are you the one that tried to plague my life? Are you the one that tried to hold me down? Amen. But now you've been a base to a pit of hell, but I'm going home to glory. I'm going in a rapture. I'm going home. Amen. To be with my Lord. Amen. While Satan is going down, Amen. We're going up. Oh, this world will always take you farther than you want to go. Sin will always take you farther than than you want to go because when the devil is lifted, he destroys and he tears down. But when my God is lifted, he has the ability to lift. Amen. Like he lifted Joseph from the p to the palace. Amen. Like he lifted Amen. Tamar. Amen. From her position. Amen. Toh the lineage of Judah. Like he lifted Rahab. Amen. Like he lifted Ruth. Like he lifted Esther. Like he lifted the prodigal son. Amen. From a Amen. rags to riches. Amen. He still has the power to lift this morning &gt;&gt; because I don't care how low you are. If you're a son or daughter of God, Amen. He will not lose a one of his. Amen. But he will lift you out of where you're at. And he will draw you unto him. Oh my. Brother Brandon talks about that woman at the well. Amen. And he talks about how God did a transplanting. Oh, he said, "If you only knew how close you were to the fountain of life, I'd give you waters." Amen. That you knew not, I would give you waters to draw. Amen. That you never thirst again. But I'm going to transplant you. Amen. From a woman that's been married five times. And I'm going to put you, Amen. in relationship with the son of man. Amen. Where I'll be your husband. I'll be your Lord. I'll be your father. And I believe we serve a transplanting God this morning. He can pluck you up out of your sickness, out of your sin, and he'll plant you by the rivers of the waters of life. Well, you'll never run dry again. He'll put you in that veil. Oh, he'll put you in that holiest of holies. Amen. Where the soundproof room comes on and you don't hear that devil no more. You don't see that devil no more because he said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me." Why are we lifting it this morning? And then because we're connected to it. Oh, glory. Amen. You're lifting what you're connected to. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because if he's lifted up, he's going to draw all those that are connected to him. Amen. Like brother Ran told that story about that great magnet coming through that that room. He said it picked up all the pieces, Amen. that were connected to it. Amen. But it didn't pick up the shavings of aluminum because they weren't connected to it. Neither did it pick up the iron because it was bolted down. But that which was connected to it was lifted. Amen. He said the greatest magnet is this simple gospel today. Amen. And it only picks up what's connected to it. Amen. That's why it didn't pick up your neighbor. That's why it didn't pick up the church member. That's why it didn't just pick up the denominations or the organizations because they were not magnetized to it. But brother Brandon said, "The strength of this headstone is going through the church like a magnet." Amen. That cloud, that headship has descended and it's going through the church like a magnet to pick up his bride from every age. Amen. And the denomination stay bolted down and the world stays bolted down. But to those who are drawn to the message of the hour and that great magnet has come to lift you up out of your condition and draw you on to him. If I be lifted up, I will draw those that are connected to the word. Oh, brother Brand said, that's why there always been something different about you. That's why since you were a little boy or girl, there was always something over your life. Amen. That made you different that you couldn't fit in with the rest of the world. It was because you were filtered. Amen. To be magnetized to the word and the word of and the word alone. Oh, because you weren't connected to the world. You were connected to a theophony. Oh, you are justified and you're already glorified. Brother Brandham said that old that glorified body is here in the building this morning. He said it's like that magnet. Amen. That comes and every once in a while it charges you and it charges you for healing and it charges you for deliverance. It's my theophony. Amen. And I'm magnetized to it. Amen. And it's going to come. Brother Bram said those mystic lights which they're calling UFOs, they said one of those days, one of the light, one of those lights is going to come down and pick you up and take you back to where you came from. Oh, you came from God and you came in a humble path. You bypassed your theophony. Oh, but that magnet come and begin to call your name. And when you recognize this message as eagle's food, you heard from your theophony and it begin to draw you unto him and draw you out of your condition. Oh, I'm connected to it this morning. I hear it calling me. Come up higher. Come up above it all. Oh, I'm connected to that absolute. &gt;&gt; I'm connected to this word and this word only. Brother B said, "God, give us men that are connected only to the word &gt;&gt; because if you're connected to the word and a denomination, I mean, you'll never be able to properly lift the message of the hour because you'll always be filtering it through what a man says you can preach or what a man says you can do or what a man says about this or what a man says about that." Amen. But if you're connected only to the word, amen, then you have the liberty, amen, to lift up Jesus Christ, amen, from alpha to omega, amen. Amen. You say a balanced preacher, amen, should study all these people and should study all these books and should study all these things. Amen. I say no. I say if you want to be a balanced preacher, study this Bible from Genesis to Revelations and study this message from 47 to 65 and preach it in the spirit that the prophet preached it. And when I'm not looking to be balanced according to this world, I say, "God, balance me according to the word of God." Because Burb said that this simple gospel is still the greatest drawing card that there is in the world. He said if they would get away from just preaching theology and creeds and dogmas, Amen. And then they just preach the simple gospel. It would draw all men unto him. I mean, not draw to this church, not draw to that church, not draw to this denomination, but draw unto him. Oh, it's the preaching of this message. And it's simplicity that will draw this bride. Amen. It's not, Amen. We don't draw crowds. Amen. Through programs, Amen. We're not looking to draw them, Amen. through proceliting. We're not looking to draw them, Amen. just through a gift or just through music. Amen. But we are looking to preach the gospel because the word is what draws this bride. Amen. Brother Bram said, "You might bring more pigs to the pen." Amen. But we're not looking to bring pigs. We're looking to bring eagles. And this word is what's going to draw the eagles. Oh, that's what attracts this bride. It's the word. Amen. I'm thankful for all the other things. Amen. But give me the word preached in simplicity and power. That's what draws my heart. That's when I turn on that tape. It starts to draw me out of my bad mood. It starts to draw me out of my mind battles. It starts to draw me because I'm connected to it. And it's saying, "Come up higher, my son. Come up higher, my daughter. You were not meant to live in that cage any longer. I broke the door off. Come out of her and come into the heavenlies where you belong." Oh, preach it in simplicity. Don't water it down. Amen. Preach it. Preach Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Testify of Christ. Oh, because that's what's going to draw. &gt;&gt; That's what's going to draw this bride. Oh, that's what's going to lift us out of this world. &gt;&gt; That's what's going to lift us out of our prison. We're not here to put down people. We're not here to say you're not doing this right. You're not doing that right. Brother Bram speaks about how that dispensation of legalism, Amen, paraphrasing, it ended when Jesus died on the cross. Now we have a blood. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Bram said, you say, "If you shout, if you if you shout, you've got to shout, you've got to dance. If you don't shout, something's wrong. If you don't dance, something's wrong." He said, "That's legalism. &gt;&gt; If you don't do this, if you don't do that, if it's just a bunch of rules and regulations, that that's legalism." Amen. But if you just preach the power of God and its simplicity, Amen. And if somebody ever connects to that magnet, oh, it'll take care of itself, friends. Amen. I believe in preaching, modesty, clos line. I believe in all those things. Amen. But that that that the main thing is that that magnet, Amen. connects to that source. Oh, and the change will come from the inside out. It won't be a man drawing you then. Oh, it's the father drawing you home. All that the father has given me will come to me, but no man can come except the father draws him first. That's why brother Brandon, brother Brandon made alter calls like I think nobody I've ever heard. But he didn't believe in that old beating them over with your mother, your mother did this, your mother's going to be so sad and this and that. He said it's the word that does the drawing. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. So when brother Brandon would make his altar calls, it would be the preaching of the word would be the drawing power that would bring them, Amen, to conviction. It's not a man drawing you. It's not a man. Why are you still here this morning? Is it because of a man? Is it because Brother Samuel texts you every Monday and says, "Hey, don't leave this week. Don't don't don't leave. I need you to I need you to be here." Amen. I need you. I need you to fill a seed in the church. No. Just because you got a pastor that preaches the message and something in you keeps you coming back on Thursdays, keeps you coming back on Sundays because the father is drawing his children onto himself. He's drawing them out of the world and drawing them unto himself. I mean, we're not here to put to put people down. Brother Brandham talked about people fussing and fighting and said taking communion with each other and then getting on the telephone and talking bad about this one and talking bad about that one. He said he now sometimes a prophet gets straighter than a lot of us might even do. He said if you don't got nothing good to say don't say nothing at all. Have you heard that before? I mean a prophet's saying you're going to be you're going to be held accountable for it. Basically, I I got the quote. But but you see, that's not our attitude, friends, to to put this one down. But he said, when you see your brother in a ditch, &gt;&gt; I mean, you put your hand down to lift him out and not pick up the phone. Lord, help my brother. Lord, help my sister. &gt;&gt; Lord, I don't want to be snake bit. &gt;&gt; I don't want to be bitter. I don't want to be I I don't want to be have hatred in my heart. I don't want to come to the house of God and sit there and I can't seem to draw from the word because my heart is so full of other things. Oh, but he said that rock oh could draw that antidote could draw that poison out of a wound. &gt;&gt; Amen. That that that rock of ages. Amen. When that wound was put on it, it could draw the poison out of that wound. And he's still here this morning to draw all the poison out of your life and lift you up and draw you unto him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you thankful for it this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Why don't you stand to your feet? Amen. It's a deep calling to the deep. It's it's it's uh it's lifting you above the shadows. It's drawing you into his blood that he shed on Calvary. It's drawing you out of your condition. Brother Brandon would say, he said it's like a nut and a bolt. And he said that he said, "See, God is here to thread it up. &gt;&gt; Those those that are here, this is you listening at the word that the rest of the world thinks is crazy. They are the bolt. God is here to thread it up. draw you right out of your sickness. It's a promise of the word. Just remember, it'll start tightening. I will draw them. If I be lifted up, I'll draw them. He'll draw out of you. He sure will. You say, "I feel like I'm at the end of my road, Brother Isaac. I feel like if I I can't hardly go on another day." Amen. But brother Bram said it's at the end of the road that there is that real spirit of God there to take over that at that time and lift you up. Amen. When Peter was drowning in the waves and said, "Lord, save me or I'll perish." And that strong right hand lifted down and lifted him out of the waves and in the path of duty you might fall. And brother Brandon said, "We have the same right and desperation to call out, Lord, save me or I'll perish. Lord, if you don't do something, I'm going to perish. Lord, if you don't save me, oh, but we serve a lifting God. Nothing else can lift. I mean, a denomination might lift you temporarily. Amen. But all those kingdoms are going to be destroyed when God's Eden is fully restored and we step out again on this earth in a great millennium. Amen. But right now, I believe he's here to lift us up &gt;&gt; out of everything that we're going through. And then, amen, when we see that cloud appear, the Bible will tell us to lift up your heads &gt;&gt; and look up for our redemption drawth nigh. &gt;&gt; Amen. That is that what you want to do this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Lift up your heads. Amen. Look up. Amen. There's a drawing power in the building this morning. And as they play something, if you just close your eyes, bow your heads. Amen. Maybe you've been looking at the wrong things this morning. Maybe your focus hasn't been right. You want to say, "Lord, help me to set my focus back right. Help me to look back to your promises. Lord, I've been looking at the struggles. I've been looking at the heartaches. Lord, help me to look back to your word. Focus my eyes, Lord. Maybe you've been snake bit this morning. You feel like that venom of the enem is trying to destroy your life. That venom of of murmuring and bitterness and no respect for authority and no respect for headship. Oh my maybe that venom tried to get in and say this message isn't really the truth. Brother Brandham was a good man, but but but it's not it's not my absolute. It's not I think it's it's just another another good man with another good ministry. But Amen. Maybe it's a Amen. It's a snake bite. Amen. That snake bite maybe of fear, depression. Amen. trying to destroy your life. Oh, but he's here to draw you up this morning. Say, Lord, I want to come up higher this morning. I'm not satisfied where I'm at, Lord Jesus. I I'm in a pit this morning. I'm in a dark place. I'm in a struggle. I'm in a heartache, Lord. I want to come up higher. Oh, heavenly father, we thank you for your grace this morning, Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord, that you condescended that great son of man, Lord, come down out of heaven to take on flesh, Lord. And then you went up to Calvary and paid the price and rent the veil in two, Lord. But you didn't stop there. You went up to the right hand where Steven saw you lifted up above every affliction, every every name, every god, everything, Lord. Lord, but you didn't even stop there. But Lord, in this age, oh, you came again in like manner, Father, to draw a bride unto yourself. Lord, I believe that magnets's in the building this morning. Father, I believe the preaching of this message is still a magnet today. It may not draw the pigs, but Lord, it'll draw the eagles. And Lord, that word may be drawing a son or daughter this morning. They may be in a real struggle. They may be in a real heartache, Father. They may be in the darkest place they've ever been. And Satan's amen fangs are latched in them trying to pull him down. But Lord, you destroyed, you bruised the head of that serpent at Calvary. Father, Amen. You didn't just hit it in the foot. You didn't just hit it in the leg, but you hit it in the head that the rest of the body might be destroyed. Amen. That we wouldn't have to live under the rule of Satan's Eden. But Father, we could be lifted up above Satan's Eden and live in an Eden of the restored word where the message, Amen, comes and cleanses us from every contrary thought, from every contrary thinking, Lord, this morning. Amen. Father, we are having a casting down moment, Lord, where we're casting down every thought contrary to your word. We're casting down our mind battles. We're casting down our disagreements. We're casting down our faults with our brother and our sister. We're casting down, Lord, because our desire is to be lifted. Our desire is to rise with you, Father. We don't want to stay where we're at, Lord. We're looking, Father, to a body change. We're looking to freedom in your presence. We're looking, Lord, for our children to be filled with the spirit and our prodigals to return. Lord, we're looking, Lord, for spoken word, Lord, to go out and and draw the promise onto, Lord, sons and daughters of God who speak with authority. Father, we're looking for every word in this Bible to come to pass, Father. Oh, draw us, Lord. Oh, draw us, Lord. We lift you in the highest place this morning. We lift you at above it all, Father. And we're asking, Lord, that you help us to lay aside every weight. That your drawing power might take us into a higher height than we've ever been before. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Oh, amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you have something, Brother Brian? Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. &gt;&gt; I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Oh, to see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your gloryy. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. [Music] You are holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Yes. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you, Lord. Lord to see you high and lifted up. [Music] Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. I want to see you. Oh Lord, I want to see you. Yes, I want to see you high and lifted up, Lord. To see you high and lifted up, shining in the light of your glorying. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. Oh, I want to see you. I want to see you when I look into your holiness. When I look into your holiness, [Music] when I gaze into your loveliness, when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you, When I found the joy of reaching your heart, when my will becomes enthroned in your love. Hallelujah. Oh, and all things that surround become shadows in the light of you. Oh, I worship you Lord. I worship you. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. Go. Glory. Yes. Glory. The reason, oh yes, that I sing is to worship you. Hallelujah. Oh, I worship you. You're my Lord. I worship you. Oh, the reason I live is to worship you. Let's sing that one more time. &gt;&gt; When I look, think about what we heard today. When I look into your holy, is he holy? Amen. Is he lovely? I gaze into your loveliness. [Applause] [Music] When all things that surround become shadows in the light of you. [Music] When I found the joy of reaching your heart. Yes, Lord. When my will becomes enthroned in your love, when all things that surround become shadows in the light of you, oh I worship you, oh Lord, I worship worship you. Is he worthy this morning? Hallelujah. All he's done. Oh, the reason I live is to worship you. I worship you. Oh, I worship you, my Lord. I worship you. Oh, hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The reason I live is to worship you. And Lord, the reason I live, it's to worship you. Oh, hallelujah. Let's give God praise this morning. Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Praise God. I want to I was just thinking the brother was talking about we lift him up. First, you got to tear down &gt;&gt; what Satan's tried to put up. I want to let the devil know. Where'd it go here? Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Help me sing it before we go. We have a little bit of Pentecostal worship before we go. Right. Just a little bit. &gt;&gt; Praise God. I like one brother. I I was talking to this brother about this song. He said, "You know, you think you're the one singing, Satan, your kingdom's coming down." But that third line says, "I heard a voice from heaven." It's not me saying, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." I heard a voice from heaven say, "Satan, your king." Well, Satan, your kingdom's coming down. I said, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Cuz I heard a voice from heaven say that Satan, your kingdom's Sing it again, Satan. Oh, I say Satan, your kingdom's coming down, down, down. Yeah, Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Cuz I heard a voice from heaven say that Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Here's our part. We're going to sing till we tear that kingdom down. We're going to sing till we tear that kingdom down. Cuz I heard a voice from heaven say that Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Going to pray. We're going to pray till we tear you. Hallelujah. Lord, we're going to pray till we tear kingdom down. Oh, I heard a voice from heaven say that Satan your kingdom. We're going to lift him up till we tear your kingdom down. Going to lift him up till we tear your kingdom down. Because I heard a voice from heaven say that Satan you're hallelujah. Well you oh devil your kingdom's coming down down down. Yeah devil your kingdom's coming down. Because I heard a voice from heaven say that Satan, your kingdom's coming. Sing it for Satan. Well, I said Satan, your kingdom's coming down, down, down. Well, Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Cuz I heard the voice of Malachi 4 and Satan, your kingdom's coming down. Because I heard a voice from heaven say hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. One more time. Cuz yes, I heard a voice from heaven say, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." Hallelujah. How many believes that this morning? Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Amen. I like what the brother said. It it wasn't Christ sacrifice plus our good works. It wasn't Christ sacrifice plus how many times we read our Bible. It was Christ sacrifice alone. That's what we trust in this morning. Christ alone we will glory. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Brother Brian, would you come into close service of prayer, brother? Amen. Good to have brother Brian and the family and all the with us this morning. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we just want to thank you, Lord, for visiting us this morning, Father. And Lord God, just anointing our brother Isaac, Lord, just to deliver a powerful message, Lord, just to lift you up, Father, and keep you before us, Lord Jesus. No matter what circumstance, no matter what trial may come, no matter where our lost loved ones are, Father, if we just look to you, Father, keep our eyes on you, Lord. Father, we just ask you to be with your people, Father. Let them take this message with them, Lord, throughout the week, Father. And Father, just help them, Father, with every test, Lord. Every every trial they go through, Lord, every mind battle, Lord God, I pray, Father. And there's many sick amongst us, Lord Jesus. Brother Crest going through surgery, Lord. Sister Cruz, Father, Lord, I just Sister Maria, Lord, I just pray you would be with them, Lord God. The enemies around us, but Lord, we we fought our battles with this word, this message. We just want to lift you up, Father. Lord, that's all we look to. Lord, we love you and we appreciate you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Church say this. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless y'all and be with you. Amen. Watch over you till we meet again. Don't forget to pray for the service on Thursday. Keep pastor in prayer as he's traveling home. God bless you. You're dismissed. You, oh devil, your kingdom's coming down. you, oh devil, your kingdom's coming down. Cuz I heard a voice in heaven say, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." Going to lift him up till we tear your kingdom down. Going to lift him up till we tear your kingdom down. Cuz I heard a voice from heaven say that Satan, your kingdom's coming down. We're going to pray till we tear your kingdom down. We're going to pray till we tear your kingdom down. Cuz I heard a voice from heaven say, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." Oh yes, Satan, your king coming down. Oh yes, Satan, your kingdom coming down, down, down. Cuz I heard a voice from heaven say, "Satan, your kingdom's coming down." Oh yes, I heard a voice of Malachi 4. Satan, your kingdom's coming down. for kids as you move higher, higher, higher.
