################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - Abide in the Field - Ronnie Long - Ronnie Long.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   Abide in the Field - Ronnie Long
Speaker: Ronnie Long
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAJ35HZ2Rv0
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Because of who you are, I give you glory. [Music] Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Say there. Sing that again. Because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Amen. We worship you, Lord. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "I worship you because of who you are." Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, Jehovah Gyra, my proider, Jehovah n Lord, you reign in victory. [Music] Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Let's just sing that for the first verse. Let's all stand together, brothers and sisters. Because of who you are, I gave you glory. Yes, Lord. It's all about him. Because of who you are, I give you praise. [Music] Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, you're worthy, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh Jehovah Kyra my proider Jehovah PC Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom, my prince of peace. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. One more time. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, he's great, isn't he? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. No one greater than Jesus tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. That is thankful to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Thankful God provided a way for us to be here. Amen. Looking forward to brea brother Ronnie's going to be speaking for us tonight. Looking forward to the word of God. Amen. But we've come to meet with Jesus tonight, right? Amen. Come to give him glory no matter what we're going through. I love that. Not because of who I am or what I've done, but because of who you are, Lord. That's why I worship tonight. Hallelujah. So, let's uh we'll take up some these prayer requests here and then we'll all just pray together for them and ask God to move. Amen. Sister Gomez says, "Please pray for Linda Devilla. Uh the Lord knows her need." Amen. And brother Richard says, "Please keep Sister Marie in prayer for the pain in her knee." Let's just pray for a complete deliverance on that. Amen. Brother Bill is going to be streaming in today. He was very tired. Had a very long day. God bless brother Bill. Amen. U appreciate our brother. May God give him rest tonight. Amen. Uh let's pray for our pastor and the family as they're traveling. May they uh when they come back home from vacation, may they be May God bless them and may we uh keep them safe on the roads. Amen. Reminder, there's a fire pit fellowship Sunday at 5:30 p.m. uh here at the church grounds. Uh bring uh snacks to share and don't forget your lawn chairs. Amen. So may God I believe we'll have a good time. Amen. Amen. How many has a need on your heart? You didn't write something down. Trust in the Lord Jesus. How many says unlike Leadyia? Amen. I have need of him tonight. Amen. I have a great need. How many wants to have a touch from him down in your soul tonight? Oh Lord, we we look to you tonight, Lord. We're looking forward to the word, Lord. You sent the brother our way tonight, Lord Jesus. We're trusting, Lord Jesus. Lord, that the same spirit anointing as he was studying that word, Lord, as you gave it to him, Lord, may that same spirit come upon our ears, Lord. We be the hearers of the word, Lord. and we would not just be hearers of the word, we would become doers of the word, Lord. It would change our lives, change our walk tonight, Lord. And Lord, to enter into that time, Lord, we want to just enter into a time of worship right now, Lord Jesus. We want to praise your name. We want to make you welcome here tonight, Lord. Maybe missing a few folks tonight, Lord. But as long as us and Jesus is here tonight, that's the majority. That's what the prophet said, Lord. You and Jesus is the majority. So, Lord, we want to walk with you tonight, Lord. We invite you to come, Lord. Deal with our hearts in any way you see fit, Lord. Anything in our life that needs removed, go in, Lord. Amen. Do a work in our lives tonight, Lord. And bless our worship. And we look forward to the word in Jesus Christ's name. Have your way. Amen. Have your way. Have your way. Yes, Lord. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. As we wait you, Lord. As we pray, we pray. Speak your word into our hearts and have your God bless you. You may be seated, but keep singing good like that. Let's praise him again. Invite him in here tonight. Have your way. Yes, Jesus. Have your way. Holy Spirit, fill our hearts and have your way. Oh, as we wait as we pray you, Lord. Speak your word to our hearts. Have your way. Speak your word to our hearts. Have your way. Amen. Say amen to that tonight. Let's sing this song, the Revelation song. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. Amen. Singing a worship song to him tonight. What a blessed thing. Hallelujah. [Music] Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. [Music] Sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy sing. Oh, he's holy tonight. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Oh hallelujah. Yes Lord. With all creation I sing praise to the King of Oh yes Lord. You are my everything and I will adore you. clothed in rainbows [Music] of living color, flashes of lightning, rose of thunder. Hallelujah. Blessing and honor, strength and glory and power be hallelujah to you the only wise king. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come with all creation I sing praise to hallelujah king of kings you are my everything and I will adore for you. Oh, how many says that? I'm filled with wonder, Lord. I'm filled with wonder. All struck wonder at the mention of your name. Amen. And I believe this Lord Jesus, your name is power, breath and living water. Such a marvelous mystery. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. Oh, let's sing. Creation with all creation. I sing praise to the king of kings. Yes Lord, you are my everything and I will adore. One more time. Yes. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is is to come. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh with all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bless his name. Sing. Oh hail King Jesus. That's the chorus. Oh hell king Jesus. [Music] Oh hail I Emmanuel. Oh he's the king of kings and the lord of lords. my bright morning star. [Music] Oh, and throughout hallelujah, eternity I'm going to praise him. And forever more. Oh, I will reign with thee. Oh, sing it again, church. Yes. All hail King Jesus. [Music] Oh, hail Emmanuel. Yes, he's the king of kings and the lord of lords. He's the bright morning star. [Music] Hallelujah. And throughout eternity, yes, I'm going to praise him. And forever more I will reign within. Yes. And for testify, oh I will reign with him. [Applause] Hallelujah. Give me patience when my faith is tried. Give me courage to defend the ride. Give me shelter from the storms of life. And I won't ask for more. Lord, I won't ask for more. Well, I don't ask for the skies to fall or the darkness to cover the deep. Oh, I won't ask you to cause my mountain to crumble into the sea. Yes, Lord. All I want is what's best for me. Jesus, feed me till I want no more. And fill my cup till it overflows. I won't ask for more. Lord, I won't have. Lord, give me peace when trouble's all I see. Give me wisdom to know what's best. Yes, Lord, give me a burden, Lord, for a soul in need. And I won't ask for more. Lord, I won't ask for more. No, I won't ask for the skies to fall or the darkness to cover the deep. I won't ask you to cause this mountain crumble into the sea. Oh yes, Lord. All I want is what's best for me. Feed me till I want no more. And fill my cup till it overflows. I won't ask for more, Lord. I won't ask for more, Lord. and fill my cup till it overflows. [Music] I won't ask for more, Lord. I won't ask for more. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, Lord. Praise God. I'm going try and sing this one again. And I sang this a few weeks ago with Amen. I'm gonna drop this one on sister Sue. I normally have Ben play this one. We'll try this. I think it's in the same key. Amen. How many is on the winning side tonight? Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, there's no drums tonight, so tonight you guys are percussion. So, help me out with this. If you're getting tired [Music] of losing life's war and you're searching for something that's worth fighting for, come join the army that's been proved and tried. Well, come on over to the winning side. Yes. Come on over to the winning side. Oh, we're following Jesus. Got the bear held high. We're God's mighty army. We won't be denied. Hallelujah. Well, come on over to the wind inside. We marched through the fire. Oh, but we wouldn't burn. [Music] And we marched through the water. Pharaoh just wouldn't learn. Then we marched to the lion's den. And oh Daniel he cried. [Music] He said these lions can't hurt me. I'm on the winning side. Hallelujah. Glory. will come on over to the win inside. [Music] We're God's mighty army. [Music] We got the banners held high. We're God's mighty army. Hallelujah. We won't be Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Well, come on over to the wind inside. Sing that second verse again. Well, we marched through the fire, but we wouldn't burn [Music] and we marched through the water. Pharaoh just didn't learn. And we marched through the lion's den. And oh Daniel, he cried. He said, "These lions can't hurt me. I'm on the winning side." Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Come on over to the winning side. [Applause] We're God's mighty army. We got the banner held high. We're God's mighty army. We won't be denied. So come on over [Applause] to over God's mighty army. We won't be denied. Yes. Come on over [Music] to the win inside. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going see my Jesus someday. Yes, I've got my mind made. Hallelujah, Lord. And I won't turn back because I'm going to see my Jesus someday. Well, goodbye world. Hallelujah. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. How's born again tonight? Well, I'm born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born. Born. Born again. Thank God I'm born again. Hallelujah. I'm born of the water and the spirit and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. I'm born of the water. Spirit and the blood. God. Yes. I've got my mind made up, Lord. And I won't won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Yes, I've got my mind made up. And I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh yes, I'm going to see my Jesus someday. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, I'm not afraid of the darkness. Whom shall I fear if God be before me? [Music] What shall we say to these things? What shall we say to these days? Oh, I'm not afraid anymore. I'm not a Hel me sing if you know it. Help me clap now. Well, I'm not afraid of the darkness. Who shall I fear if God be before me? What shall we say to these things? Well, what shall we say to these things? No, I'm not afraid anymore. I'm not afraid anymore. One more time. Well, I'm not afraid of the darkness. Whom shall I fear if God be before me? Well, what shall we say to these things? What shall we say to these things? Oh, I'm not afraid anymore. [Music] I'm not afraid anymore. Oh, hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Amen. As brother Ronnie gets ready to come and let's sing this. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Amen. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. [Music] I'll bless thee [Music] and my mouth filled with praise. Oh, he's worthy. Hallelujah. Oh, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, with my hands lifted up. Amen. And my mouth filled with praise, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] Oh, with my hands lifted up. Hallelujah. Praise with a heart of thanksgiving. Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Let's all stand together as our brother comes. Let's all stand. I want to say thanks. Thanks. It's worthy all you have done. Oh yes. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Sing it again. I want to say thanks. Thanks. I give you all you. Yes, Lord. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. I say thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks. For all you have done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He is great and greatly to be praised. Amen. Amen. Thank you, God, for your blessings. Amen. Hallelujah. It's good to be in the house of the Lord with you tonight. Good to be here. We're just gathered together with people like faith. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's been a few days since we see some of you, but we're still keeping on keeping on. Amen. And pressing on. And I feel like we're just we're just moments away from we can just have all the fellowship we want anytime we want. No time restrictions on it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just greetings from the home church back home at True Word and the family there. And just want to thank brother Samuel for the opportunity to speak to you tonight. If you have your Bibles, turn to the book of Isaiah the 25th chapter. Thank you for the songs and worship tonight. And man, we just feel right at home. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's not sometimes it's not easy, you know, for a worship leader to come in on a midweek and he's got his own struggles and he's tired and got his own thing, but just get it out of the way. And man, it just changes the atmosphere when everybody can just lay aside the cares, but takes a few songs to get there, you know. So, we thank God for the for the men that God has has dedicated to be the worship leaders in our churches that we could just, you know, uh we don't realize sometimes how much they they push back the spirits that we carry in, you know, and even in their own life. And so, we thank you, brother Brian, for clearing the path tonight. Amen. Isaiah the 25th chapter in the first verse. Oh Lord, thou art my God. I will exalt thee. I will praise thy name for thou hast done wonderful things. Thy councils of old our faithfulness and truth. For thou hast made of a city and heap of a defense city a runa a palace of strangers to be no city. It shall never be built. Therefore shall the strong people glorify thee. The city of the terrible nations shall fear thee. For thou hast been a strength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refuge from a storm. How many can say amen to that? A shadow from the heat. When the blast of the terrible ones is as a storm against the wall, thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers, as the heat in a dry place, even the heat with the shadow of a cloud, the branch of the terrible one shall be brought low. And in this mountain shall the Lord of hosts make unto all people a feast of fat things, a feast of wines and leaves, a fat things full of marrow, and wines and leaves well refined. And he will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering cast over all people and the veil that is spread over all nations. He will swallow up death and victory. And the Lord God will wipe away tears from off all faces. And the rebuke of his people shall he take away from all the earth. For the Lord hath spoken. And it shall be said in that day, lo, this is our God. We have waited for him and he will save us. This is the Lord. Amen. We have waited for him. We shall be glad and rejoice in his salvation. Amen. Praise the Lord tonight. Amen. We just like to speak for a title tonight if we have one. Abide in the field. Abide in the field. Father, we thank you, Lord, for your grace to us tonight. Father, for your mercies are inexhaustible. Father, we thank you that you've given us this opportunity to come before you, Lord, that you might speak to us, Lord. We just ask that you would just have the preeminence in the room, Father, as we lift you up, Lord, and we worship your name, Father. Lord, may you just come by our way, Father. Continue to be, Lord, amongst your people, in the midst of us here tonight, we pray as we dedicate this time to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. So, uh, what an encouraging, uh, passage of scripture we read there that we have waited for this this our Lord. But the time has come. We're not waiting any longer. But this scripture has been fulfilled before us in our ears in this age that this is the Lord and he has spoken these things. And this is the time that we see all of the culmination of things coming together that that that the the earth is moving into her position. The world systems are moving into their position. The there's there's uh kings and kingdoms moving into their position. And of course, we know there's there's wars and there's there's rumors of wars and uh you know, I just was talking to a few people out in the in the public space over the last few days and everybody's got a question on their mind. Will we go to war? Will we not go to war? And you could just feel the uh the stress on the people's hearts. And I thought, man, I really am the oddball here because this is this is exciting to me. It's not stress, but I've been told that these things must happen since I was a little child that I've been told that these people would move into these positions. And you know, I think about it when brother Brandon was talking to us about who would be in charge and who would move into positions back, you know, 70 years ago. Uh, no one imagined that it would be China or that, you know, Israel didn't even have its own country when he first was prophesying these things. And I imagine people back then probably thought, well, you don't know what you're talking about. But then you just fast forward 60 or 70 years and you see that a prophetic eye can see what's down the road ahead of us when there's not even those names in the game yet. He's already seeing the position that they're going to fulfill. And I think if the world can move into their part of the prophecy, then I believe there's another part of the prophecy that's being moved into fulfillment. And that's you and I, the church, tonight. I I believe that Isaiah 60 says that the world would be full of gross darkness upon the face of the earth and and they would be wandering to and fro, wondering if there is a God or if he is real. But it also says, "Arise, shine, for thy light has come." And I believe that if they can fulfill their part of the darkness of the prophecy, then we as the light should be able to fulfill our part as well. where where fear is gripping the hearts of men across the world. There is a hope tonight for those that have have stayed in the word and have hid under the word and have gathered under the word. And let me just say tonight, friends, this is not a time to be distracted away from the prize, but you've been serving this whether you've been whether you've been in here five minutes or 50 years or or longer than that. This is not a time to get distracted away from the finish line because it's not that we're waiting for uh we're not waiting for hell to be unleashed, but hell is already been unleashed on the church. You're already fighting a fight to be here and now is not the time to be looking to the left or the right or to be discouraged or to be dismayed or to be intimidated from your victory. But now is the time to press the battle like we've never pressed it before. to be so sure that what we're under. But of course, we're under the attack of of of 200,000,000 demons have been released upon you, the church. And and you're the focus of their very attack. So, of course, it's getting harder. And of course, it's it's it's an uphill battle. But you've already been prophesied to overcome in this age. And if they're moving into their part, it only tells me that we are also moving into our part of the prophecy. I believe the escalation of of the world's uh of the world's cosmos has accelerated so fast in the last few months. And it tells me, brother Ray, then what is the bride doing to move this along? It's her coming into her position and it's pushing the world into its position. You see, we're not we're not moving because of something happening, but we are moving and then something is happening. We're not moving because we're afraid of what the what the Russians will do or what China would do. But actually, you are in control of what President Putin does or what what what what the president of China does. It's actually focused in on the bride of Christ and how she's moving into position. And there are angels holding back those winds of the world. And they're all looking at you tonight to look at you moving into your position. And and the closer we get, the more they cause those things to come into play. And I believe we're just on the brink of a moment. Oh my. I mean, just a breath away where the world will never be the same as it was last week. You can say, "Well, this has happened and this has happened before." But we've never been in a day like this day. We've never had all of the things lined up like we are in this day. And the world will never be the same. Since since Israel moved in Iran, that changed everything. That changed history. And you can say, "Well, we don't base it on current events." know the bride causes current events. You see the natural t has moved in while the spiritual has already moved in the spiritual Israel church. Right? So you see the world is looking for something some kind of safe haven some kind of rest where they can they can they can get away from all the chaos. Right? But as the bride we're already tucked away from that. We already have been hid away from that. Brother man would say this in the message letting off the pressure. He is the rock in a weary land. There is a cleft in the rock for sinners. Unbelief. Just run into the rock and be saved. Christ is our rock. And people today run after everything else but Christ. They run after denominations. They run after sensations. Everybody's got blood, fire, smoke, or something. People have to run after it. Why don't you just take his word for he is the word. Run into that and you're safe. Cuz heavens and earth shall pass away, but my word shall not pass away. Hallelujah. Why don't we just run into the word? He says today it's always some some got to do with some creed or they'll run into a creed or join and unjoin and everything else from one to another won't try to take Christ but watch him as he vindicates himself and that all builds up a pressure and they must let it off and he says just believe his word. That's it church. Just believe his word. Just believe he's talking to you. And I believe I believe we're moving into a realm where it's becoming a reality to us that we recognize this is this is really happening. This is this is that movement of the third pole. We're not waiting for it to come, but it's already in the hand of the bride and it's already put into action. So when we were just we were just I remember just being a little little boy sitting in the front row hearing about these things that would happen. But I never I never thought that there would be a moment in my lifetime where it would become a reality where I would be walking in the fulfillment of the prophecies that I've been told about my entire life that that I would walk in the movement of the third pull power in the bride's hand. But this is where we're at, friends. This is the time that we've arrived at. Brother Ram says, "In an atomic age when the world is scared, each nation is shaking, the skies are trembling, all nature is crying out, the world itself trembling because it could be blowed to bits. But we have a kingdom that cannot be moved. And we have a city of refuge. We have a go where the sun will never go down. Grant it, Lord. Let us come to this rock now. Let us come into this rock now. Lord Jesus, I pray this morning, Lord, if some of those little creatures of yours that's wandered away from this safety zone, if they can feel the breath of the hounds of hell, young men, young women galloping right behind them, seeing their life breaking away at the other side. May they hurry this morning to the cleft in the rock. There is one, and the righteous run into it, and they are safe. Amen. Psalms 91 would say, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty. And I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God. In him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler, and from the noise and pestilence. He shall cover thee with his feathers, and under his wing shalt thou trust. His truth shall be thy shield and thy buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day. Church, we have a place that we can come underneath where we're we're hidden away from the time of trouble. We're hidden away from where the where the noise of the world can attack us. We're actually hidden in a place, you know, brother would say this. There's a place you can go in the word where the devil cannot follow you. And that's under the shadow of the Almighty that there's a refuge that we can run into. And the devil has to stop there because he doesn't have access to go where you can go. He doesn't have access to get into the word like you can, brother Shane. He can't hide away in the time of trouble like you can. You can run under the shadow of the almighty and the devil cannot attack you there because he doesn't have the authority to access that place. And I think it's time the bride recognize that we are covered in this age. We're not waiting for something to come, but the covering has already come upon the church. And if we just abide in the word, all things are protected from us. We will not be scared about what the world is doing, but it's an excitement to us because it tells us it's going home time. It tells us that our time has come to finish this race to finish this work. And he who has started a work in you shall finish the work. He's not going to leave us at the finish line, church. He's not going to leave us just short of the promise and say, "Well, you didn't have enough or I didn't have enough strength." But no, my God started a work in his bride. And my God will finish the work in which he started. He will see it through to the finish. We've just got to hold on to the word and stay under the covering of his wing. He's already given us the protection we need and the direction to set. We've just got to march forward in it. Just march forward in the word. Proverbs would say this in the 14th chapter. And the fear of the Lord is strong confidence, and his children shall have a place of refuge. Aren't you glad for that place of refuge tonight? Amen. I'm glad it's not a city that we have to run to somewhere like it was in the Old Testament. We have to we have to be faster than our pursuer to get to that city of refuge. But this city of refuge has come right to where you are. And it said, "Just get under me. Just get under me and you shall have my protection." We don't have to run to it, but it's already come to us. When I couldn't run to the city, the city came to me. I couldn't reach the city in time. My pursuers were too fast. I couldn't have reached it in time. So, the city came my way and gave me protection. That's how good our God is. This is not how how him that runth or him that willth, but it's God that giveth grace. It's God that shows mercy to us. It's God that brought the city to us when we didn't have the strength to get to him. The troubled water came to where you were. Hallelujah. Psalms 46 would say this. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear. Though the earth be removed, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, though the waters thereof roar and trouble, though the mountains shake and the swelling thereof, there is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place, the tabernacles of the most high. God is in the midst of her. God is in the midst of her. Who is that? You, the church. I see one in the midst of the candlesticks. Right? What is the candlesticks? That's you, the church. He's not out there. He's in the midst of her. And if he's in the midst of her, he's doing something. He's not slumbering in the midst of her, but he's moving on her behalf. He's in the midst of the bride. He's in the midst of believer spoken word tabernacle. He's in the midst of of churches across the world. He's in the midst of his bride moving on their behalf. He's not left us uh to dry somewhere. He's not left us and abandoned us somewhere, but he's right in the middle of our trial. If I can say, he's right in the middle of our storm. He's right in the middle of of this situation in the earth. This is God doing these things. This has nothing to do with Donald Trump or Benjamin Netanyahu. This is God doing those things. He's in the midst of his bride. He's causing all these things to come to order because we have a commission in this age. And it's there's not another age coming. This is the final age. And I believe we are the final people and all things are made ready. I say let him come. Even so, Lord, come. Even so, come. Well, I haven't made this uh this this achievement in life. Even so, come Lord. Even so, the bride hath made herself ready, and the spirit in the bride say, "Come." It's time to come. She shall not be moved, for God shall help her. The heathen rage, and the kingdoms removed, and this uttered his voice, and the earth melted, "The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Come, behold the works of the Lord. What desolations he hath made in the earth. He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth. He breakth the bow and cutth the spirit. He burneth the chariot of fire. Be still and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the heathen. I will be exalted in the earth. The L Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Say what a confidence tonight, church. We're not afraid of what the earth can do or the world can do. We're not afraid of rockets or bombs or we're not afraid of machine guns. We're not afraid of any. Why? Because we have been given a promise in this word that we are hidden in a city of refuge which is the word. While heavens and earth will pass away. They might destroy buildings. They might decimate lands. They might do whatever they can. But this word shall never fail. We're not looking to the left or the right. But now is the time to keep your focus straight down the middle of the road walking in the word. We're not balancing this out by the left or the right. Can you imagine if we try to steer this church based on every wind that came this way and that the problem with that is every time you turn a church based on this doctrine or that doctrine, you'll end up like that guy on the bicycle, right? Brother Brown tells that story about this wind bicycle and how they rode out that that line and a lot of them didn't make it or none of them made it but the one, right? And what did the one do that they didn't? He looked forward. You all know the story, right? So they they tried to ride down the the the rail and they got the free bike and everybody looked to the left or the right and fell off the rail, right? Well, we see a lot of churches, a lot of pastors, a lot of a lot of people that have walked along the way fallen off to the left or the right because they're taking their focus off the end of the line. Well, this brother offended me or this offended me or this doctrine offended me or this fellowship offended me. Don't take your focus off the end of the line. Just keep walking straight down the line and you will make it to the end. That's all we've got to do, friends. We don't need to look to the left or get offended over this or get bothered over this or say, "Why is this this way?" I have a direction set. I have a course in my life and it's the finish line. I'm not settling for anything less than the finish line. And I'm just going to keep my bearings straight on the end of the road and all things will work themselves out. But you see, if we try to balance ourselves based on the wind around us, we're going to find ourselves on shaken ground. Right. But we've got to have a promise to know that the word is true. And all I have to do is stay my bearing on that word. Psalm 61 would say, "Hear my cry, oh God. Attend unto my prayer. From the end of the earth, I will cry unto thee. Where my heart, when my heart is overwhelmed, lead me to the rock that is higher than I." My goodness. I'm sure none of you have ever been overwhelmed before, but I know I know I'm speaking to some real believers tonight. When your heart's overwhelmed, there's only one place you can go to that you can find a soloulless in, you can find a peace in, you can find a rest in, and that rock is the word. Lord, lead me to the word that is higher than I. Lead me to the rock of sure foundation. Lead me to the place where my feet can firmly be planted. Not on my opinion or how I feel or how good I how righteous I might look today. But Lord, lead me to the rock that is always sure. No matter what what the tempest rages, this rock will hold. This rock will remain because it's the word and it can't be moved. Hallelujah. R say this. Knowing everything you're doing, the intents of the heart, what you intend to do, he knows all about it. He knows whether you love him. He knows whether your intentions are right to serve him. He knows all about it. What will it be when you stand that day and if you stand there at that white throne judgment? God, deliver me from that place. Now, this is a prophet saying this. Amen. God, deliver me from that place. I don't want to see that. When an angered God walks out there and the fire flashing from his eyes with righteousness, the white wig over his head like that, his eyes flashing with fire that knows every thought of your heart and everything you ever intended to do. He says, "Oh, hide me over in the rock of ages. Cle for me." Hallelujah. I believe if the prophet of God was was afraid to go under that fiery judgment, then how much us the believer tonight ought to recognize our our our our faults, ought to recognize our inabilities to know that there's no way we could stand under a sovereign judge like that. But I thank God that we're not going to a white wig, but the white wig came to us. That the wig one came to us in this age and he has already judged the bride. And if you stay under the cover of his word, then that judgment has already been made. And said, I put my seal of approval upon this message. And if you could stay under it, then I've already approved you to go out to the finish line. You see, we're not going to a wicked one. But the wicked one came to where we were and looked over the land of the sea and said, "I approve this message. If you could stay under this, then you already made it over there. We're not waiting to be judged. We're already being judged. This Holy Ghost has already sealed us until the day of our redemption. Grieve not the Holy Ghost. Can I say it? Grieve not Christ in this age because you're by that you are sealed until the day of your redemption. It's already been approved. I thank God, Brother Ray, we're not looking to go to a white throne judgment where everything could be on display. But I've already had my judgment here. If I stay under that word, then it's already been approved. This word's already been commanded by God. She goes through. She passes through, right? She's hid away. When all the trouble is going on, she's hid away. Look at Joseph in the scripture. What did he do with his wife? When it came time for the trouble to begin with Israel, he took his gentile wife and he told her to go back into the palace while he handled business. Well, that's me tonight, church. That's us. We're the gentile wife of Christ. And he didn't he didn't put us right into the battle. He tucked us away in the palace right when the trouble was getting hot. So, let's not fear that we're going to go through some kind of some kind of war here, some kind of pressure here. But, Brother Bam said before one bomb falls, she'll be back in the palace. Oh, friends, the tribulation is not my goal. That's not the end of my finish line, but I'm going to go right over the bridge of the tribulation into glory because I've already been judged by the word. The word has said if you stay under this message, you are already approved to go on past that that that dispensation of time. I'll see you at home. I'll see you over there. If we never meet again on earth, my precious friend, I'll see you in the rapture. It's an event of his coming. It's the literal life coming of Jesus Christ in it abide a body of believers. That's us tonight, church. That's what he's coming for. He's coming to fulfill his promise in you. That is that is the breaking of the seventh seal. That is the coming of the third pole. It's not a complex thing. It's the literal life of Christ coming down into a flesh body and vindicating himself once again. Amen. Hallelujah. Only Christ could do that. Only Christ it could be. Well, only Christ it could be that has you still here tonight. Thank you, Lord Jesus. My goodness. Hallelujah. There's two million demons against you. They're not just coming. They're already against you. I know you can feel the pressure of them. There's more there's more pressure in the spiritual world than there's ever been. But I want to encourage you tonight. You're here. Which means if they would have they could have got you, they already would have. If they could have stopped you, they already would have done it. This pressure is not coming. The pressure is here. We're not waiting for the squeeze. The squeeze is already here. The squeeze is on the bride. But you're still here because there's something greater in you than he that's in the world. And that's the literal life of Jesus Christ that came in this age through the dispensation of the Holy Ghost. And that's the only thing that keeps us moving. If it was up to me, I would have given up years ago. But there's something within me, a pulsation of faith that says I must keep going to the prize. I've got to march on to the prize. I cannot quit here. I've got to get my shoes on. I've got to go to the house of the Lord because there is a commission for me in this age that I must fulfill the promise. It's your commission, church. It's it's your commission to fulfill these things in this age. This is not just any age. God didn't just randomly pick people, but he thought of you in his mind and you're here. And when God sent you here, he didn't send you to be a a a billboard for depression, right? Or a billboard for I can hardly make it. No. When God sent you here, he sent you in the age of an overcomer for a reason. Because in his mind, he thought of what an overcomer would look like. and you appeared in the back part of his mind and he cast you into this season into this time into this age because you represent an overcomer. That's who you are, church. God didn't just send you didn't roll dice with his people, his thoughts, but he placed you in this age specifically to be an overcomer. Let me say that you could not have survived the martyr's age. You could not have survived the dark ages. They had an anointing for that age. But we also have an anointing for this age that no other age before us could complete. And they without us cannot be made perfect. That's why God cast you into this age because he said, "I see an overcomer. I see an overcoming church. I see a bride without spot without wrinkle." What is he talking about? Our humanity? No, he's talking about our faith in the word of Jesus Christ. She's without wrinkle. She believes every word. She takes him at his word. Where e fail, this Eve will not fail. This Eve will stay with the word. Hallelujah. That's why we're here. That's the commission we've been given. Amen. I'm going to say this. Now, notice faith finds a source that others don't see. His word is the sword. Hebrews 4:12 says, "The word of God is sharper than two-edged sword. Even discerns the thoughts and intents of our heart." That's the word of God. And the only thing that can hold that sword is the hand of faith. Hallelujah. That's why on a Sunday morning when you when you're holding that that sword of faith, the the minister will come straight to where you're at. Come right down your pew, come right down your address. Now, it's not brother Samuel, but he's wielding Hebrews 4:12. And by the hand of faith, the word is still a discerner of the thoughts and intents of our heart and still knows exactly where we're at and where we're going through, but it can only be held by a hand of faith. Right? See, when God sent us to this age, he didn't send us here empty-handed, but he sent something with us to make it through. Where did David get his sling? Well, God sent it to him. Where did Samson find the jawbone? Where did Where did Shamgar get an ax go? When God sent you to this age, he didn't just send you here with no protection or no weapon against the enemy. But he sent you to this age equipped with everything you would need to overcome every trial that would be before you in this age. And I think about a prophet who was there in a mountain one time and rose up his hand. And what was it that came in his hand? It was a sword. Where did he get that sword? Well, God brought down that sword, right? And he said, "This is this is my covenant with you. this sword that your message shall forrun what another sword. Let me just say that that sword didn't just fit brother Brandham's hand, but it fit every message believer's hand in the world to come that we would raise our hand of faith. And you know what we'd say, brother Ray? It fits. This message, it fits. It fits right like a glove in a hand. It fits. It fits exactly like he said it would. I don't have to try to mesh it. I don't have to try to force it, but it fits. And I say it's found a hand of faith again that can put it to use. And this is the coming of the third pole. It's not coming. It's here. It's arrived, friends. It's in your hand. What is that in your hand? Well, it's just a stick. Is it just a stick? Is this just a message in your hand? Or is this the coming of the king? Is this the Is this the king's message that's in your hand that every demon has to flee when this sword is presented? It has no power. That demon has no power when this message is presented because it's been defeated before. What sword was it that cast them out of heaven in the beginning? The same sword presented to the believer tonight. To think that the sword you're holding is the very same sword that cast Lucifer out of heaven when all this started. And to think that if he fell by that sword once, hallelujah. If you put that same sword in a hand of faith tonight, it will cast Lucifer out again where he has no hold, he has no power, he has no authority over you because you've been given a commission by the king and the king gave you his scepter. He gave you all the power that you needed. And just representation alone of that sword will cause the enemy to run. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. By a hand of faith. Nothing else can do it. Nothing else. Ah, we see some otherwise scientific or scientifically educational. You can't hold on to that sword. You can't do it by education. It's too twisted, too complicated. You make it, it'll make it. You see, an educational uh an educational mind to this word would try to over complicate and say, "Well, it just couldn't work that way." But I would just like to ask a question tonight. If if go if God if it just couldn't work through you, then God's not God. That's right. Well, it just couldn't work through me. I'm just not that way or I just don't have the faith. That's what makes God God because God works through the impossible things. And you might be thinking, I'm the least among all these people in here. There's no way that this word is going to work that way through me. And I said, "Praise God." That's what makes God God because he seeks out the impossible things and he makes it a reality to them. You say, "There's no way to get out of my condition. I I think God is God. And if God is God, then there's a way for you to get out. Because God specializes in impossible things. You see, as humans, as an educational mind, we think in a linear motion. We think in time. We think, "Well, this has got to happen, and this has got to happen." We're serving a great big God who is looking at this from an array on high. And he's saying, "What is that to me to take that cancer? What is that to me to fix that mind? What is that to me to call that prodigal back home?" You see, with God, nothing shall be impossible. This is God we're talking about. And if you think a situation's impossible, I say praise God. I I think that's an opportunity for God to be God. For God to come on the scene and change it. It doesn't have to work out in the realms of three dimensions. But we're serving a supernatural God. And when it doesn't make sense to us, we think, well, there's no way for this to come around or there's no way for this to circle through. God's God. I think it's time we we lay aside the three dimensions. Let me say that your doubts will fail you. Like brother Bosworth said, don't believe your doubts. Doubt your doubts because they are unreliable. But put faith in the word of God because it has never failed you. And if God said you can make it, then I say, bless God, I'm going to make it. I say, "Praise the Lord. He has given me a promise in this hour that I am going to make it through. I'm going to make it." Why? because he already said I would. Hallelujah. And no demon can take that authority from you because it came from a higher place than where he's at. You see, that's why brother Brandon would call the devil a bluff cuz he's trying to bluff you out of your promise that he can't even reach the shelf of. And God took it down and handed it to you and said, "This is your promise." The devil would like to tell you, "No, you can't have that." But he doesn't even have access to see it on the shelf. And God brought it down to you and said, "This is your gift, church. This is your gift. I think it's time we take God at his word and say, "I take every blessing. I take every promise. I take every scripture. I take everything that you've given to the church and I wanted to put it action in my life. I wanted to put it into motion in my life. If you said that they shall lay their hands on the sick and they shall recover, I want to put that scripture in action in my life. If you said that there would be a a returning of the prodigals of the end time, I'm going to put that action into my life. Whatever promise the word gave to me, I want to put it in action. [Music] Hallelujah. These promises are just amongst us looking for a hand of faith to manifest it. I say, "Lord, use my hand. Lord, use my situation. Use use my prayer. Use my my plea tonight." It's a supernatural God looking for someone to manifest himself in. I say, "Don't look no further, Lord." Amen. If you're blessing somebody in this season, which I know you are, Lord, stop by my way. Stop by my pew. Stop by my situation. Come by my home. Start a revival back among my family, among my home. And Lord, come back into my marriage. Lord, come back into my conversation. Lord, if you're coming by this way, stop by my pew, Lord. If you want to manifest yourself, Lord, here am I. Here am I. Oh my. Can you imagine tonight that maybe the the the the whoever runs the the state power ball was in here tonight and said we're going to pick one winner out of here. You thinking none of us would raise our hand. I've got whatever whatever million dollars to give away and I'm just looking for somebody to give it to. Well, man, I'm going to scratch my head for a second, but if I'm I'm looking around, I don't see anybody else raising their hand. Brother Brian, ain't going to take me very long. Amen. Right. Why? Cuz he's giving it away. And here we are serving a supernatural God that has healing, that has power, that has atonement, that has holy ghost filling, and he's trying to give it away to the church. And the church is apprehensive to raise their hand. But I say no more. I'm going to break out of that shell and say, "Lord, here am I. I want it all. I want everything you've got for the church. I want every blessing you've got for me. I want every promise that's in the book. Lord, hide me under that promise. hide me under that word. Let the let the world do what it's doing, but let me abide under the shadow of the wing of the Almighty. Hallelujah. You can't do it by education. Amen. It'll to try to deny itself. You cannot do it. It's hid from you. So, forget about it. You can't know it. It's hid. And when God hides anything, it's really hid. Amen. Amen. Man, I could take off and preach a lot of ways, but I just got to stay on focus here. That's the reason that you are so hid. If you are a Christian, you are dead and your life is hiding God through Jesus Christ and sealed by the Holy Ghost. How is the devil going to find you? He can't do it. You're hid. God hides you. Amen. What a hiding place in the bosom of Jesus Christ. What a hiding place tonight. The devil cannot find you. We're not playing hide-and-seek as little kids where we look for a good spot and you know we think nobody's going to find us out. But when God hides you, it's in another world. It's in another dimension. It's in a place where the devil doesn't have access to. You can say God is not playing by the rules cuz he didn't hide you down here where the devil can get to you. But when God ever hides you, the devil cannot find you because he has no way to access where you are. He's not tall enough to get there. He's not strong enough to break through it. He's not mighty enough to enter into that place. When God hides you, the devil can't even find you. He can't even see you. He doesn't even know where you're at. He can't smell you. He can't sniff you down. You are hidden in the bosom of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. You're free. You're hid away in the time of trouble. But David would say it like this in the 27th Psalm. Psalm of David. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? This is coming from David who had his fair share of battles with the enemy, who had his fair share of battles with demonic oppression. But this is coming from David, a man who was given a revelation. Hallelujah. A man who was given a rock of revelation tonight. When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes came upon me to eat me up my flesh, they stumbled and they fell. Though in host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after. Amen. And that I may dwell. Hallelujah. David wasn't seeking after superpowers. He wasn't seeking after to be lifted up among all his brethren or to be lifted on high or to be glorified or magnified. He said, "One thing that I seek after, and that's that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in his temple. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion." Hallelujah. In the time of right now, he shall hide the church in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle, shall he hide me. He shall set me upon a rock. That's why David could say, "If I could just be the doormat in the house of God, I'm in the house. I'm in the rock. I'm in a place where the devil cannot get to me. Doesn't matter if anybody knows my name. I'm in the house." You might you probably heard this quoted before. You might be the bottom of of the of the skin on the bottom of the foot, but you're still above the devil. You're still higher than the devil. And where David would say, I might be the doormat at the front of the house, but I'm in the house. I'm in the place where I need to be. I'm in the rock. I'm safe from all harm. I'm in the house. It doesn't matter if if if I ever hold a microphone. I'm in the house. It doesn't matter if I can sing on key. I'm in the house. It doesn't matter what everybody else thinks about me. I'm in the house. If you could just be the doormat in the house of the Lord. You're safe. Yes, sir. He made it. He's in. Close the door. Seal it. Let's go. It's rapture time. Hide me in his pavilion. Amen. Amen. Brother Bam, of course, would take that scripture for his rapture sermon. What is he telling you? The rapture is being hidden in the word. All right. And if you can get so lost in this word, this mortal body will fall away because it cannot stand the pressure of where that word can take you. This word can take you places under the anointing of this hour that this body can just it can't stand. That's why sometimes you just got to shout. Sometimes you just got to dance. Why? Because something has overcome this mortal body and it just can't take it anymore. It's got to release. It's got to break through. It's got to get out of here. You see, one of these mornings, I believe there's going to be an anointing of God cuz sweep through this building, and we'll be so caught up with the anointing that this mortal body, it cannot stand it anymore. That theophony will have to come rescue this spirit. That theophony will have to come take this soul out of this old body and take it to another place where I can have joy unspeakable and full of glory. where I can tell the other half, where I can tell what's going on, where we can have genuine fellowship together, and it's not trying to express it, but we understand. It's a reality, friends. This is a destination. This is somewhere we're headed. It's our rock. He is my rock. Psalm 62 would say, "He only is my rock and my salvation. He is my defense. I shall not be moved. The rock of my strength and my refuge is in God. Of course, you know what a rock is referred to in the scripture. It's a revelation, right? Yeah. With Peter, he would say, "Upon this rock, I will build my church." Now, brother Brandham takes us and he tells us what that rock is. It was the revelation of who Christ was in front of Peter. The same revelation today is where Christ is building his church upon the same foundation to recognize where Christ is today. Well, some say some say it's this. Some say it's just a man. Some say you're just you're just wasting your evenings or you're wasting your Sunday mornings or you're wasting your life. Well, I don't really care what some say because in a few days it ain't going to matter what they say. That's right, friends. There's never been a time to press the battle like right now. There's never been a time to witness for lost souls like there has been right now. We say, "Well, there's got to be you got to be skillful when witnessing." But I believe the hour has changed when there's seed or there's not seed. And I believe we should present the word of God to the people and say, "This is the truth of the hour." And they either receive it or reject it. When when Jesus came to the final hour on the cross, there was two other thieves. There was two thieves on the cross, right? He just laid it out there. I'm the son of God. One accepted it, one rejected it. But the one that accepted it was with him that day in paradise. Friend, you see, you don't know. You don't know who you're talking to. Sometimes it may be the last seed that we're waiting for. So, I implore the church. Witness to them because I want to get out of here. Tell them the truth of the hour because we got to go. We should be trying to bring everybody in. Everybody in that we can't get in the ark. Get in Christ. Come under the shadow of the Almighty. Come under the wing of his covering. Amen. Amen. Come under this protection. Amen. We don't want to see anybody lost. It's up to him. It's God who who planted that seed. He's the swer. Amen. But we have to be responsible for what we've been given. And we've been given uh the greatest revelation that has struck the face of the earth that Christ is not in a tomb somewhere, but he's alive and he's well and he's moving in the midst of his people. Hallelujah. Matthew would say, "A wise man in the seventh chapter in the 27th 24th verse." Therefore, whosoever he hearth these things of mine and doeth him, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock. And the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house, and it fell not. Hallelujah. You're still here, friend. For it was founded upon a rock. Hallelujah. That's why it won't work if I can talk you into it. That's right. It won't work if I can have a therapy session with you and convince you that you're something. You've got to have a revelation of the same rock that I have a revelation of because the winds are going to come and the storms are going to come and somebody smarter than me is going to come and somebody's going to come shake you out of that. Unless you have a revelation that came from the same rock that mine came from that told me that this is way above your human intellect. My thoughts are above your thoughts. My ways above your ways. and I have elected you before the foundation of the world to be the fulfillment of this bride in this hour. I say, Lord, I'm not worthy, but I accept. Lord, I'm not worthy, but I want it. I want all that you've got for me. If you're going to tell me, service in and service out, that I'm the bride, I think it's time to accept it and say, "Lord, yes, I am. Lord, I've come to my moment. Yes, I accept that I am the bride of Jesus Christ. And therefore, all of the blessings that have been promised to her are mine. Every promise in the scripture is mine. Why are we running from something that he's trying to give us? He's chasing us down, saying, "You're my bride. You're my bride. Oh no, I'm unworthy. Oh no, I'm unworthy. Oh no, I'm unworthy." Yeah, he knows that. That's what makes him God because you weren't worthy, but he's worthy enough for you. He's worthy enough for whatever situation you've been through. And he said, "Just accept it tonight." Amen. Oh Jesus. I recognize you've come in my age. And I recognize you've called me as your bride and I choose to accept it. I think if God cared enough to send it in this age, and we ought to care enough to walk into it. Oh, come on, friends. if he cared enough to cause a man to to live his life above the world, some seventh grade education, Kentucky hill and raise him up. Not so we glorify a man or we drive fors. That was never the point, right? I drive a Ford, so I'm not mad. But that wasn't the point of this, right? If he cared enough to cause the sword to come down this age to open them seals, right? Then do you care enough to walk through it? care enough to walk through the opening of that word and say, "I take every promise that's mine. I I'm not looking back. I'm not a frog. I'm not looking back to my old ways." But I have a new destination. I have a new bearing. My bearing is straightforward in every promise of the word. His words are yay and amen. Let every man's word be a lie. And let God's word be the truth because he knows the beginning from the end. And he knows your outcome. You might say, "Well, it's not me." Well, it is you. I I want to I want to plead with you tonight to recognize who you are. This word came for you. This promise came to you. It came to declare you as a free bride of Christ in this age. You're free. Hallelujah. I got no prespter telling me what to preach. I ain't got no big bishop telling me how to act or what to why? Cuz I'm a free man. And free men can do what they want to do. And if I'm a free man, then I can praise him when I want to. If I want to stop in my truck on the side of the road and praise him, I can. Why? Cuz I'm free. If I want to dance in the house of God, I can. Why? Cuz I'm free. I got no label on me. I've been made free. Who the son has made free is free indeed. You see, we've got to get in the spirit of being the bride. It's got to become familiar to us to be the bride. Stop acting like you don't belong here when he called this meeting for you. He called this whole plan to come together for you. Hallelujah. Recognize you're the bride. Come in the spirit of it. Right. That's where brother said. First you got to get in the spirit of it before you can do anything. You can't do anything until first you get in the spirit of it. Well, if we're going to receive the bride's blessings, then we ought to be in the spirit of the bride. Right. Amen. And he said his bride's free. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Free, no chains. There. There's no bondage on you. There's no reproach against you. There's no Egyptians that have a story on you because those Egyptians were killed in the Red Sea. They don't even know what happened. Those people, those stories died a long time ago because you're hidden somewhere where those voices cannot reach. They say, "Oh, well, if you knew my past, there's no way for me to know it because it never happened." It's as if you never did it in the first place. When you come under the bride's commission, you're taking every promise that's applied to the bride and she's hidden away under the shadow of the Almighty. It's as if she never did it in the first place. It's hidden. It's hidden Christ. And when God ever destroys something, let me tell you, brother, it's destroyed. That lake of fire doesn't have no return. It doesn't have no resurrection of your dead sins. It is destroyed in the sea of God's forgetfulness. It will not return because God hath annihilated it from existence because in his mind, it never happened. The only thing that's true is what God sees. The only thing that's true is what God proclaims. And he doesn't see your fault. There's somebody bigger between you and him. There's somebody there's a representation there. And when he sees that representation, that's all he sees is the blood of Jesus Christ who never sinned, who never had a bad thought, who never had a bad day, who never made a mistake, who who never turned the wrong direction, but he did nothing until first the father showed him to do it. So it was in ordination with the perfect word of God. And there's our example before us. You can hear me, but you can't see me. You can hear my praises, but you can't see me. You can hear me singing the songs of Zion, but you can't see me. Why? Because I'm hid in the blood. I'm hid under a place where you can't see my faults. You can't see my failures. And God doesn't see him either because he gave us a representation to stand under. And if we abide under this covering, then all that we are is hid away. Hid away. There is no past in God. He's an everpresent God. He's beginning and end and in the middle. There is no past. He's everywhere. You say, "Oh, my past." There's no past to God. Come on, friends. Invisible union, right? Speaking of a bride message. If there's ever a message that was ordained to the bride, it's the invisible union of Jesus Christ. It's as if you never did it in the first place. Friends, I'd be afraid if these were my words, but they're not my words. So, I can come underneath him and say, "That's the word of an almighty God coming down in this age, saying to his bride, "Come in, my bride. I have made a way for you. I have cleared the path for you. There is no sin held against you. There's nothing holding you back. You're free to go. You're free to come in and enjoy the splendor of my kingdom. You were made for such a time as this, bride. This is our time. This is our generation. This is our dispensation. Let's not wait for another day to come. This is our day. This is the fullness of times. This is when all things are made ready. We're here, friends. Yeah. What else are we waiting for? Wars, rumors of wars, leaderships of the world coming down against each other. Oh, come on, friends. We've had this pictured out for for 60 years. When the king of the north comes down and the bamboo curtain comes down, don't forget about the purple curtain. Never have we had a purple curtain from the United States before, but he said they would be tied together. And here we are living in the days Amen. Amen. Sure. Yeah, he could have met a different pope from the United States, but what about all the other current events that are happening? What about everything else that's being tied together at the same time? And what about the pull inside of me to say this is it. This is the finish. This is I'm not going to go by the grave, but I see a body change just around the corner. Over the next hill I look, I see victory. Why? Because this is my time. There's a pull within me that says this is it. This is rapture time. This is body change time. This is when he comes in fullness. There's a pull within the church to say, "I'm not giving up. I'm going to push like I've never pushed before. I give all my strength. I give all my money. I give everything that I am because we're so close to the finish line." Amen. Church, don't be distracted now. You've come too far. You've given up too too much. You you've won too many battles and lost too many battles to give up where you're at now. That's right. Don't look to the left or the right by every contrary wind of doctrine that comes our way. We're not a reed shaking about in the wind. But we've been given a prophetic promise in this age. Amen. And the only reason you see it is because you're prophetic class of people. The truth. He sent He sent you to receive. Amen. quarterback's not throwing that pass until that receiver comes into place. You know about a long bomb, he has to look way down the line for that for that long bomb touchdown. And that receiver is not even in the scene yet. He's still back behind the 25 yd line. But by the time that ball gets there, hallelujah, by the time that ball lands in 2025, there's a receiver there to catch it. And there was a prophet just a few years ago that forecasted a promise and it I wasn't on the scene yet. But by the time that that promise got to my scene, I was right on time. I was right there to cast the promise. And you know what? We're at the goal line, friends. We've just got a few steps to make and we're over in the glory land. I say, don't give up, church. Don't be discouraged. Don't be dismayed. Don't give up one inch of ground, but stand your ground in the word, for God has given it to you in this age. It's your possession. Stop trying to be the bride and be the bride. Stop trying to be the fulfillment of it and say, "It's me, mama. It's me. I'm the one. I'm the one he came for. I recognize it. Deity is not in heaven." Hallelujah. Well, God would have done some mighty things if he'd had picked the best righteous man. If he'd have picked the rich young ruler, that would have been a mighty thing. But you see, that's just not the way God does things. He looks for the impossible. He looks for the Zakius. He looks for He looks for the Peter. He looks for He looks for the Matthew and the Mark and the Luke. And you know what? He looks for the Saul. Amen. And makes him a Paul. Because if he could if he could have done something mighty, he could have put deity in that rich young ruler. But he didn't. Why? Because he wanted to show that his seed will come out no matter what the devil has put against them. If I have a seed in this age, there is no sin. There's no barrier. There's no depression. There's no anxiety. There's no nervousness that can hold them from coming to their final destination. Because my word is more sure than any feeling of any denominion, any feeling of any suicide, any feeling of any any spirit in this age. My word's more sure. Sure, he could have come to the rich young ruler. But the rich young ruler didn't have the seed. But Paul had the seed in him. Paul had the seed all along. Even when he didn't look like a Christian, he wasn't trying to be a Christian. He wasn't trying to be a message believer. He was so full of his own works. You would have thought God will never use that man. But God has a way. God has a way to get our attention to knock us off our high horse so that he might come to us in our moment of need and become light to us. Amen. Amen. And when the light comes, the darkness is already defeated. Hallelujah. You see, friends, we're not here just by circumstance. But we're here because Christ has sent us into this age. And yes, he recognized that it would be the most turbulent age that there ever would be. Amen. Did Brother Brandon fill up those vials on the on the seven ages? Did he color those in? No. The handwriting on the wall did. Remember when it came in the back of the tabernacle and it caused those those that monora to come with the seven ages there and it filled in those those dials. Who colored that in? The Holy Ghost did. He knew how dark the age was that we're living in. Just a little bit of light left. He knew how dark that this situation would be. But he still sent you anyway. Hallelujah. Amen. He sent you because he's got confidence in you. Brother man would say this looking at the See, when a man once catches that vision of an invisible God and know that he's always present, there's something that stabilizes that man's thinking. He knows God is there with him. It stabilizes his actions. And in the time of distress and trouble, it'll still make him look upward and above the things that are happening around him because he's looking at the unseen. Hallelujah. Yet by a promise he's looking at the unseen. Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Hallelujah. Even though he didn't see him, he had a promise. He had a promise that he would not be walking alone through the darkest of hours, but God would be with him. Right? Now, we've heard that story many of times where Gahesy's eyes need to become open. Right. There he is against I think it was Elisha, right? or Elijah. Elisha was was there and the 100,000 Syrians were coming to kill him. Do you think you're not a danger to the enemy? Sis, you imagine the devil's so mad at you, he sends a 100,000 foot soldiers to kill you. You think, well, I'm just I'm just the lowest of the low. Well, the devil's pretty concerned about it. He sent a 100,000 footmen. You imagine what that sounded like. You imagine the noise that they made, the intimidation that that would have had. This the stomping and the marching of that iron age coming against them. And Elisha's not even bothered a bit. Right? What is that to me? Ghes saying, "What you did you hear them? Did you see them? Did you count them? I don't care how many there are. I've got an appointment. And if God made an appointment, then however we're getting out of here, you see, God is God and God specializes in the impossible." So Elijah didn't worry about how big his tax bill was. He said, "God is God and I'm going to get out of this situation because God promised me I could do it. And if God ever gave me a promise, then he has a way for it to come to pass. Even if he's got to break the rules, he's God. He's not bound by what we think, hear, smell, taste, feel, he's God. He works in another realm. He works beyond our understanding. And even though we've got him in a little box to say there's no way for this to happen, God's still God. God still makes ways when it seems that there is no way. God still turns around situations that seem that there's no way for them to come out on top. God's still God. Be still and know that I am God. And wherever God is, the supernatural takes place. Now, notice when when when he God opened that servant's eyes, first he was on the nay side, right? He was on the losing side. We're going to die. There's no hope for us. We're never going to make it out of this. We're never going to get out of this situation. Revival is never going to strike my home. So am I. Revival is never going to strike my heart like that. I'm just I'm I see he was walking in that cycle of defeat, right? And the prophet just asked the Lord, "Lord, would you just open this boy's eyes?" You see, nothing changed. The angels that he saw were there the whole time. Those angels of fire had always been there on every mountain. There was always more of them than there was of the enemy. But all it took was for his eyes to become open to the supernatural to see I am not here alone but he has sent representation here with me. He sent a force around me an innumerable company of angels which means there was a 100,000 Syrians but there was uncountable angels around them. Means you couldn't put a number on them. You couldn't count them. You couldn't tell who was coming and who was going. He said, "I see chariots of fire descending and ascending. There's there's angels all around us. There's angels on every tree." But notice those angels never did one thing. They didn't come kill the Syrians. But the recognization to know that God was with them. The recognization to know the revelation of the rock to know that God is with me in the middle of my trial, in the middle of my struggle. He has not left me. He has not forsaken me. But he is with me, even in me to recognize that you can't count the angels that have followed you to church tonight. You can't count the angels that are on your side. You can't number them. They are greater than the stars of the heaven. And they have come for one purpose, and that is to see you through to a finished day. There's more for us than there is against us. There's more for you, church, than there is against you. Now, you may not feel it. You may not see it. You may not hear them. You may just hear the march of the enemy's drums coming against you. But if we can just open our eyes to a supernatural realm to recognize that this promise came to me in this day to say you will overcome them by the blood of the lamb and the word of your testimony. You will be an overcomer of Leodysia. Amen. And to the overcomer of Leodysia, there's one more step to take. There's a there's a Revelations 4 step to take. All right. Your reward. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Friends, Praise the Lord. I don't know what time I started, but friends, it doesn't matter what you've been through. That's right. It matters what he said about you. Amen. Amen. Ruth had every obstacle stacked up against her. There was no way that she would ever be a productive believer in the house of God. She had everything working against her. A gentile, right? A widow. There's no way that God could use her. She had everything working against her. Coming back with Naomi, who had left the faith, right? Coming back with an outsider. Let's just turn this into our messes culture. Okay. Oh, well, praise God. But God will never use them. You see, he might be the She might be the one that God's been waiting for. There was a lot of women throwing themselves at Boaz. But he was waiting for the right one. He was waiting for the right one to come into his view. And when Ruth came into his kingdom, she immediately caught his eye. Oh my. What is this? Right. Who is this apple of my eye? It's the greatest love story ever told, friends. Amen. And Ruth, I could just see her. There's no way. I'm just I'm just ugly old Ruth. I don't even know what I'm doing here. And there the redeemer's telling telling her, "You're beautiful. I love you. You're the one I've been waiting for." No, it can't be me. I'm not the one. I just couldn't be the one. I couldn't I couldn't do it. I couldn't fulfill that. I've done too much. He doesn't know my past. He doesn't know what the mistakes I've made. He doesn't know the things I've thought. He doesn't know the times I've spoken against him. It didn't matter to Boaz. That's right. Who is this damsel? Where's she come from? Oh, that's Moabitis. You see, Boaz knew how powerful his his redemption was. So good. They thought, "Well, she's a Moabitis. He'll have to leave her in the field. He'll he'll just forget about her." No. He knew how powerful he was. He knew he had the authority in the land that whoever I say will come into my house. It doesn't matter what you think or what you think or what you think or what you think. Whoever I have elected to come into my house is already been chosen. And it doesn't matter what the world says. I've already chosen them. It doesn't matter what their brother says. I've already chosen them. Hallelujah. But she had to nail me to coach her on what to do. Amen. He's chosen you. No. Yes. Yes. You, church. This is what you do to gain his favor. Oh, hallelujah. I could just take off and preach for another hour. There she is working in the field. And her redeemer comes her way. Yeah, I know it's been hard. I know 2025 has been hard. Reapers, angels, leave a double handful on purpose. Leave a double handful of purpose in their midst. make it a little easier on them that they could glean without working so hard. That they could glean without laboring so hard. You see, she's labored all day out here in the sun. She's been laboring since she's been here. Why don't you drop She's She's the one that's caught my eye. Why don't you drop a double portion on her? Why don't you drop a double handful of purpose on her tonight that she could know that I'm her redeemer and she has caught my eye. Why don't you drop a double portion of the Holy Ghost in this meeting tonight where we don't have to go through the same trial that we did today, but we would have an assurance to know that we have caught his eye tonight. We are the bride of Christ. We're not trying to be. We already have become. He's already elected you to be the overcomer. He's already elected you to be the bride. He's already asked you, "Will you?" You just got to say, "I do." and walk into the fulfillment of the promise. It's already you tonight, church. He's not waiting on anyone else. He's powerful enough to redeem you where you are. He's powerful enough to put his covering over you where you are. Ruth working. We've been working. Ruth's been working. Four phases. Ruth resting in the promise of the Holy Ghost. All right. To know that this is a finished work. His word is true. He has elected me. He has he has chosen me from before the foundation of the earth to be in this position. I cannot be lost any more than God can be lost. That's resting in the promise of his word. We're not cast on every side by this rumor of war or what might happen in this situation or what might happen to our wroth or our 401k. We're not worried on every side, but we've been given a commission in this hour to rest in the field, abide in the field until he returns. And there she abodeed in that field and long about the evening time when Boaz laid down for the night. You see, she had been given instruction by an instructor before her who knew what the redeemer liked. And he said, "When the evening time comes, you get underneath the covering. You lay at his feet, church. You lay at his feet. And if he really has elected you, he'll cover you with this blanket." and all your past is erased. Everything that you've ever done is gone. You no longer are a Moabitis, but you are Boaz's wife. You are the kinsman redeemer's spouse. You are the one that he has redeemed because you abided in the field. He has covered you with his blessing. He has covered you with his anointing. He has covered you with his blood. He has covered you with every promise that he's given to the church. Hide me. Hide me in your pavilion, Lord. Hide me under your blanket, for I'm unworthy, but under this blanket, I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things are washed away. And the devil can't find you under there. You are hidden under the blanket of Christ's redemption. The devil cannot find you there. Hallelujah. Resting in the field, abiding in the field of his grace. You're not here by your works or your merits. It was never about about how good you could be or how good of a Christian you could be. It's about his sovereign grace to an age to say, "I know that you couldn't do it, but I've made a way anyway. I know that you couldn't fulfill it, but I've caused I've caused the cosmos to set in order to clear a path for you to walk into every promise that's yours." Hallelujah. An abiding Ruth in the field will rest in his word, but the last commission to her is her reward. Ruth's reward. Ruth's finishing moment. She wasn't rejected. She was made the queen of the house. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He says, Ruth, I got it wrote here. Ruth deciding to make her decision. Ruth serving. Ruth resting. Ruth rewarded. Ruth decided. Ruth served. Ruth rested. And then Ruth was rewarded. Some pretty pretty simple steps, friends. That's right. You've decided to follow Jesus. Amen. You first got to decide I'm his bride. I'm going to walk in the fullness of the word. I'm going to serve him with everything I've got. I'm going to give him everything. I'm not going to hold anything back. I'm going to serve him all my days. Let every breath go to serving the Lord. And then I'm going to rest in the promise that he is a faithful God. And if he said he would hide me away, then he'll hide me away. If he'll cover me, then he'll cover me. If he'll he'll hide me in his pavilion, then that's where I rest in. That's my rest. That's my hope. I'm not worried about what comes tomorrow. Hallelujah. And then you get your reward. Hallelujah. The music players would come. Did you ever walk out of the morning, he says, in that real fresh, cool feeling. Every man that comes to the pulpit ought to dwell alone first. Then comes the fruits, yielding forth his fruits. And every man that stays in the presence of God into this great secret place hid away will yield the fruits of righteousness, peace, love, joy, longsuffering, goodness, gentleness, and patience. Don't fuss about these other things. Get that in your life. And you'll never you'll never get it until you hide away with God into that land of adoption. Oh, church, aren't you glad that you're hidden tonight? Amen. Amen. Hit away from yesterday's mistakes. Hit away from tomorrow's uncertainties. Hid away from your present trials. You're hid away, friends. The Alpha and the Omega has covered you with his wing. He knows the beginning from the end. Yes, he does. And he's right here in the middle of our situation tonight. Friends, I believe he's worthy of a praise tonight. I believe he's worthy of thankfulness tonight. Know that there was no way I could do it. I didn't have the strength. I didn't have the ability. I didn't have the smarts. You did not do anything to receive this message of the hour, but it came to you. Whether it came through a so- and so or a so- and so, it came to you anyhow because God had this set up before the foundation of the world that you would come in contact with him, this reality of the living word, and you would never be the same because there was a seed ready to be activated inside of you. [Applause] Hallelujah. I'm ready to be an activated seed tonight. I know who I am. I know why I'm here. And I know the end of the story. I know how this thing finishes. I know that we win. We'll be gathered around the wedding supper table there. You see, the marriage has already taken place. I've already said I do. I'm already his bride. But we're on our way to the celebration. And what a celebration that'll be when we gather around the throne with those that have gone on before us and we're all the same age and we're all the same stature and we all have the same revelation and there's no fussing, there's no fighting, there's no biting. It's all just love, love, love, love. I believe that it's a real place and I believe we're on our way tonight, friends. I believe it's just a moment away, just another step, and we'll be walking into that perfect peace tonight. See what's on your heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Thank you, my Lord. Hallelujah. Spirit and the bride are saying come. Yes, Lord. the elect to be in stirred inside their hearts. Our uniting time has come. We and the father are one. [Music] Soon we'll be with our Lord forever more. Before the evening light is come, the bride is making preparations and she's hearing the shout of the king. Hallelujah. Oh, the tokens been applied. He's cleaning from inside. And the dove leads the lamb once again. Hallelujah. Oh, fine linen, clean, and wise is granted to her. She's washed in the blood of God's own son. Thank you, Lord. With righteousness that's not her own. She's just before his throne where she'll reign with our Lord. Hallelujah. For the evening light has come. bride is making preparations and she's hearing the sh of the king [Music] all the tokens made of blood. is cleaning from inside. And the dove leaves the lamb once again. Fine linen. Oh, fine. Linen, clean and white, is ready to her. She's washed in the blood of God's own son. Thank you. With righteousness that's not her own. She's just before his throne where she'll reign with our Lord forever. Oh, I can see it. Church is just the evening light has come. God is making preparations. She's hearing the shout of the king. Lord, oh the token applied. It's cleaned from inside. And the dove leads the lamb once again. Evening lights. Oh yes, the evening light is bright is making preparations and she's hearing the shout of the king. Yes, the tokens bit. It's cleaned from inside. And the dove leaves the lamb once again. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm forgiven. I'm forgiving. Hallelujah. I'm forgiven because you were forsen. [Music] I'm accepted. You were condemned. Oh, I'm alive and well. The spirit is within me because you died and rose again. Sing it again. I'm forgiven. Oh, I'm forgiven because you were forsaken. Oh, I'm accepted. Oh, you were condemned. Yes, I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died and rose again. Amazing love. Amazing love. How can it be Lord that you, my king, would die for me? Oh, amazing love. I know it's true, Lord. It's my joy, Lord. Hallelujah. Honor you in all I do. I honor you. Amen. I'm a free man. I'm a free man because you paid my ransom. Oh yes. By your spirit, I'm born again. I'm so unworthy of the grace you've freely gi. Oh, but still you chose to be my friend. Oh, hallelujah. Stand and worship him. Amazing love. Hallelujah. How can it be? Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. that you, my king, would die for me. Yes, Lord. Amen. Amazing love. I know it's true. I know it's true. Hallelujah. And it's my joy to honor you, Lord. In all I do, I one more time. Amazing love. Oh, amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for all. Oh, what a God tonight. Oh, amazing love. I know it's true. Yes, Lord. Lord, it's my joy honor you. In all I do, I honor you in all I do. Yes Lord, I honor you. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus, you are my king. Oh Jesus, you [Music] are my king. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Oh Jesus, you You are my king. Amazing love. I know it's true. It's my joy to honor you in all I do. All I do, I honor you. Amazing love. One more time. Oh, amazing love, Lord. How can it beus? That you, my king, would die for me, Jesus. You are my Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, amazing love. Oh, I know it's true. And it's my joy to honor you. Oh, I joy. I honor you. Jesus, you are my king. [Music] Jesus, you my king. You are my king. You're my king tonight. Jesus, you are my king. You're the king of my situation tonight, Lord. Jesus, you. Hallelujah. You have authority. God, we give you that place. [Music] going to make it. Yeah. Amen. He already said that I bless. So I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. I know that he walks me beside me and heaven in my Oh yes, church. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm going to make it through. Oh, no matter what it looks like, he said I'd make it. I'm going to make it. He already said it's a finished work tonight. Hallelujah. is and I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks be beside me and heaven is just in you. Oh, God make it through. Hallelujah. He walks beside me. All of heaven, he's just in view. Oh, I I'm going to make it through. And one day I'm going to take a step toward my theophony. One day I'm going to take a final step into my theopony. One day I'll go the final step where it's going to set me free. Theophony when I hear him calling me. [Applause] He's calling. Come up. Come up a little higher into the perfect word. He's saying come up a little higher into the agape love. Come up a little higher. Soar through the heavenly my theophony will I hear him calling me. Let's sing that one day again. I'm going to take a step towards my How about today? I'm going to take the final step. into my today. I'm going to take the final step. It's going to set me free. My theophony. Oh, the trumpet is sounded over me. I can hear it calling my name. It's saying come up and come up a little higher into the perfect word is saying come up a little higher into a cup. Come up a little higher. So through all you are made for the chicken yard. Well I hear a calling me just over. Don't you worry little children should death knock on your door. Oh don't you know that death is a doorway that leads to a heavenly shore. over there. There's no heartache, no dying in that land. Just peace and joy and perfect love beyond compare. Oh, come up a little higher into the perfect word. He sing. Come up a little higher into this agape love. Come up a little higher. So through the heavenly my theophony I can hear it calling me. I just next hill I look. Oh, I see victory around the next curve of the road. That old devil he's got to flee. God's army is marching, marching onward to slay your enemy. and over the next hill. I see Jesus coming for me. It's all come up a little higher into the perfect word. Come up little higher into my love. Come up a little higher. So through the heavenlies, my theophony I hear it calling me. Yes, my theophony. I hear it calling me. Let's just set a little chorus before we go. Before we go stand, something keeps holding me. Amen. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, [Music] giving me victory. [Music] He's a reality. Something keeps holding me. Let me see it again. Oh, something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, [Music] giving me victory. Oh, he's my reality. Something keeps holding me. You know his name tonight, right? Oh, Jesus keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome all my trials, [Music] guiding me constantly. Oh, we praise your name, Lord, giving me victory. He's a reality. Jesus keeps holding me. Oh, he's my reality. Thank God Jesus keeps holding me. [Music] Oh, thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. How many appreciated that tonight? Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless, brother Ronnie. Appreciated that. I'm sure all those blessings that we're getting taught to us tonight. I know my soul caught it, but I'm going to have to listen to it a few times so my brain can catch up. All those wonderful blessings. Amen. Wonderful promises that God's got for us. Amen. Oh, just isn't God's word good? Isn't he good to us? Hallelujah. standing in this age. Thank you, Jesus. Let's just go before him in prayer. Lord, we're thankful tonight for your word, Lord. Thank you for bringing Brother Anie our way, Lord. Such an encouraging message. Lord, I know I needed some encouragement tonight, Lord. God, we've all been fighting battles, Lord, and so many uncertainties and things in the world, and it's so easy to get our eyes off the off the prize, Lord, off of you, Lord, and look at our surrounding circumstances and things. But Lord, I thank you tonight to took our brother and used him, Lord, and pointed us right back to our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Lord, help us to keep our eyes on you no matter what comes. Don't matter who's president. Don't matter who's invading who, Lord God. Lord, you're the one that's got it all in control. We're hiding in your pavilion, Lord Jesus. You've got us hit under the shadow of your wings, Lord. Thank you for that. Please bless us, Lord. Watch over everyone as they go back home, Lord. Watch Brother Ronnie, Lord, keep him safe as he travels back home. be with our pastor as they travel back home. Lord Jesus, we look forward to being blessed by your word again this Sunday. Lord, watch over us till we should meet again in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. The church said, "Amen." God bless you. You're dismissed in the name of the Lord. May Jesus be with you. Amen. Watch over you. Make his face shine upon you. home in me victory [Music] for he's my reality. Oh Jesus keeps holding me. [Music] Satan lay before me his temptation, [Music] his desire to steal away my faith. [Music] that I was on the verge of revelation. I find the strength I need to keep me in his grace. [Music] Something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's my reality. [Music] Jesus keeps holding me. [Music] His strength is perfect. Our strength is all. He'll carry us when we can't carry on. Raised in power. Weak become strong. [Music] His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. Yes, his strength is perfect when our strength is gone. He'll carry us when we can't carry on. raised in his power. Weak become strong. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. His strength is perfect. [Music]
