################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - The Testimony of Job - Rapp Crook - Rapp Crook.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    The Testimony of Job - Rapp Crook
Speaker:  Rapp Crook
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Testimony Service
Duration: 2h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84CZEa7UajA
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
40:00 - Ministry
2:10:41 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Getting ready for the gates of pearl. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. See once again. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh yes. I'm getting ready for the gates of world. Keeping my record right. Watching both day and night, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, lay up my treasures in that home above. Oh, I'm trusting fully trusting in the Savior's love and doing what I can for heaven's holy dove. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh yes. Oh, getting ready to leave this world. Oh, yes. Getting ready for the gates of pearl. Keeping my record right. Watching both day night. I'm getting ready to leave this like this. Oh, trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, in each earthly trial I his love can trace. Sure that up in heaven I will find a place. Oh church, we're getting ready to leave this room. Oh, getting ready to leave this room. Hallelujah. I'm getting ready for the gates of Oh, I'm keeping my record right. watching all day and night. I'm getting ready to leave. Oh well, to prepare a mansion, Jesus said I'll go. Oh, if it were not true, I would have told you so. Oh, just a little while to linger here below. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Hallelujah. I'm getting ready. Oh, my m's getting ready to leave this old world. I'm getting ready for the gates of pearl. Keeping my record right, watching both day and night. I'm getting Oh, to leave. Well, I am trusting in the riches of his saving grace. Oh, I his look can trace. Oh, sure that up in heaven I'm going to find a place, my new home. I'm getting ready to leave this. Oh, hallelujah. Getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for the gates of keeping my record right. watching both day and night will I'm getting ready to let's sing that verse just one more time to prepare a mansion that Jesus said I will go oh if it were not true I would have told you oh aren't you glad about that for just a little while to linger here below I'm getting oh I'm getting ready oh I singing Getting ready. Oh, to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for the gates of pearl. Well, keeping my record right. I'm watching both day and night. I'm getting ready. Oh, let's all sing the song. Let's sing once again. Oh, getting ready now to leave. Let's all sing. Well, getting ready for the gates of hell. Keeping my record right. Watch and pray both day and night. I'm getting ready. Oh, I need to sing that one more time. Getting ready. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Oh, I'm getting ready for the gates of pearl. Oh, I'm keeping my record right. Well, church, we're getting ready. Oh, that sounds real good. Let's sing one more time. Oh, I'm getting ready to leave this world. Wo, getting ready for the gates of hell. Keeping my record right. I'm watching praying both day and night. I'm getting ready to leave this world. Hallelujah. Oh, how many's ready to get out of this old pest house? Amen. Are you getting ready to leave this old world? Amen. Amen. I'll tell you what, you know, day by day and especially as of lately, this place isn't home for us. Amen. We're just we're fixing to leave. Amen. All these songs that we're singing about home and rapture, we're talking about something. It's just about fixing to happen. Amen. Aren't you so glad that you got a home to go to? Praise the Lord. I tell you what, I'm so thankful, too. Amen. And I'm so thank God for his grace and his mercy towards us. Amen. Where would we be without grace? Amen. So thankful for his mercy. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God once again on a beautiful Sunday morning. It's a little hot outside, but that's okay. That's just fine. Amen. We're just here to just enjoy ourselves with the Lord with AC or no AC. Amen. Amen. Praise God. We're just looking forward to what God has in store for us this morning. Look forward to Brother Rap Crook being with us. Amen. As well. Amen. Just pray that God just be with him this morning. Then we just have a few prayer requests. How many knows that our God is able to meet each and every single need? Amen. You believe that with all your heart? Amen. I believe that too. Amen. Our God is able to meet each and every single need. Amen. This is from uh Sister Naomi says, "Prayers for uh my children and lost souls." Amen. So remember that need need today that that prayer. Amen. I pray that God would just continue to deal with each and every heart. Amen. Hallelujah. This is from sister Gomez says prayers uh for Linda Devilla. The L the Lord knows her need. Amen. So remember Devilla that God would just be with her and touch her this morning. Also this is a continued healing for sister Maria Sanchez. I know sister Maria is with us this morning. We just praying that Amen. and God just continue to touch her and give her strength in her body. Amen. So thankful she's with us this morning. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Certainly pray for our sister. Amen. This is from brother Bobby says to please keep sister Michelle and Christina Carpeter in your prayers. Amen. Remember them this morning and God just be with them and touch them. This is from sister Stephanie says to please continue to pray for my friend Heather and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord. God bless you, sister Stephanie. Amen. So remember, Amen. those needs in prayer today. Amen. How many How many has a need you like to make known my lifted hand? Amen to the Lord. Amen. We all have needs. We all I stand in need this morning and I need a touch from the Lord as well. Let's just go for the Lord in prayer as we open up the service. Dear Lord Jesus, Lord, how we Lord, what a awesome privilege, Lord. for what an opportunity, Lord, it is, Lord, for us to be gathered here, Lord, once again, Lord, one more time in your presence, Lord. And Lord, there's nothing like your presence, Lord Jesus. There's nothing like, Lord Jesus. There's no one like you, Lord Jesus. There's none like you, Lord. As the song said, Lord, I can search for all eternity, Lord, and I find one thing. There's none like you, Lord. Because, Lord, you're the true lifegiver, Lord. You're the satisfier, Lord Jesus. The only real peace that we have, dear Lord, is in you, Lord Jesus. It's no one else, Lord. Lord Jesus, situations and different things that Lord seem out of control to us, Lord Jesus. You have it all in control, Lord Jesus. And I'm so thankful for that, Lord Jesus. I'm so grateful, Lord. All our brothers and sisters, Lord, they can say the same thing, too, Lord Jesus. So, we're so grateful, Lord, that you're that even in the midst of storm, Lord, you're you're still in the ship, Father. And we thank you for that, Lord. I just pray, Lord, this morning, Lord Jesus, that you continue to heal each and every single need, Lord Jesus. those that request your prayer for healing, Lord, may you grant a healing touch, Lord Jesus. Lord, for it's by your stripes, Lord. They're already healed, Lord, and it's already done, Lord. It's already the p the price is already paid. And and Father, Lord, all those that are Lord, asking for Lord's salvation, Lord Jesus, for loved ones, Lord Jesus. Lord, I pray that Lord Jesus, you grant that desire, Lord, you grant that request, Lord Jesus. And Lord Jesus, Lord, you are the real true lifegiver, Lord Jesus. And we thank you for that, Lord God. I just pray, Lord, this morning, Lord, that you just have your way in the service, Lord. Prayer be with Brother Rap in the back, Lord Jesus. And may you give them the words of life to speak to us as your people. And Lord, may we have ears to hear, Lord Jesus, and hearts to receive what you have in store for us, Lord. We just pray just have your continue to have your way throughout the service, Lord. We don't want our way, Lord, but we want your way, Lord Jesus. And Lord, we just uh pray that Lord, you bless the tithes and the offerings as well, Lord Jesus. Bless the giver, Lord Jesus. Bless the worshipper, Lord. We just want to say we love you, Lord. We thank you. Thank you for bringing us again this weekend, Lord. We love you. We thank you, Lord, in Jesus precious name. We commit to your hands, Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise. Why don't you turn around and shake hands with somebody? Amen. Tell them it's good to see him in the house of God. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. It's good to be in the house of God. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats as well. Amen. As the brothers came to take the tithes and offerings, let's sing all is well. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom and all is well. Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad? All is well. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. All is well. Yes. soul is well. We have heard. Oh, we have heard the message. Shalom and all is well. [Music] Thank you Lord for there is a place of perfect rest behind the veil. Oh, rest little bride. Rest for all is well. [Music] Oh, let's sing this verse now. Well, there's a story in the Bible of Elisha of the Sham, my woman and her son. Oh yes, for the woman found favor with God. went and he and gave her a son. [Music] Oh, and while working in the field, the little boy had died. But the woman's faith never failed, even in death. Oh my. She testified that all is well. Oh, hallelujah. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Yes, all is well. Oh, it's all is well, little bride. All is well. We have heard we have heard the message long and all is well. [Music] There is a place. Oh, there is a place of perfect rest behind thee behind that invail. So now rest little bride full rest for all. [Music] Amen. Oh let's sing our verse now. Amen. Hallelujah. Now things now things have not worked out. Oh, like God's people had thought. Oh, that's true. Oh, cuz we're still right here and we're fighting for the greatest battle ever fought. [Music] For we must have the faith of our father Abraham, knowing God's word never fails. Oh, if we trust in him, we're going to find that all is well. Aren't you glad about that this morning? All is well. All is well. Yes. All is well. We have heard. Yes, we have heard the message long and all is well. All is well. I'm so thankful that there is a place of perfect rest behind that and avail. So rest little pride rest for all. Glad that there is a place of perfect rest behind thee. [Music] So rest little pride rest for all is well. Oh hallelujah. Aren't you glad? All is well. Can you say all is well this morning? Amen. No matter what I'm going through, all is well. Amen. Let's sing that. My hope is in Jesus. All my hope is in Jesus. Amen. And how many can say, "All your hope is in Jesus this morning." Amen. Amen. Help me sing it if you know him. Well, I been held by the Savior. Oh yes. For I feel fire from above. [Music] Oh, I've been down to the river. Oh, yes, I have. Oh, I ain't the same. Thank God. But prod has returned. I can say that all my hope is in Jesus. Aren't you glad about that this morning? Thank God that my yesterday has been all gone. And all of my sins are forgiven. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. And I have been washed by the blood. Oh, sing a verse now. I'm no stranger. Well, I'm no stranger to the prison. And how many been there? Amen. Oh, for I have worn shackles and heavy chain. Oh yes, but thank God that I have been freed for. Oh, see I'm not going back. No, I'll never be the same. Hallelujah. And all my hope is in Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Well, thank God. All that my yesterday, oh yes, it's already gone. Hallelujah. And all all my sins are forgiven. Oh, and I have been washed by the love. Hallelujah. Oh, for I was born in say it's indeed and that's true. Oh, Satan, he tried his best to keep me down. But this is what I heard. Amen. But then I heard from my feet of me by the message by this message. Oh my powerful. Oh, aren't you glad about that? Hallelujah. Now all of my hope is in Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, God, that all of my yesterday has been all gone. And all all of my sins are have been already been forgiven. And I have [Music] the Oh, I got to sing that verse just one more time. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, for I was born and say it's inced. Oh, that old devil, he tried his best just to keep me down. Oh, but I'm so glad about this. But then I heard from my the off. Oh, thank you Lord by this message of Mal for all. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. All of my hope is in Jesus. [Music] Oh, thank God that all of my yesterday has been all gone. And all of my sins are forgiven. I have been I have been washed by the blood. Oh, just sing it one more time. All my hope is in you. All my hope is in Jesus. [Music] Oh, thank God that all of my yesterday has been all gone and all of my sins are have been forgiven. And I have been washed by the blood. And yes, I have been washed by his own blood. His own blood. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. And sing, I'm going home with Jesus. I'm going home with Jesus. Amen. And how many's going home with Jesus? If all your hope and faith and trust is in him. Amen. Amen. We're going with him. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. I've made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when it say Christmas again. I'm going home with Jesus in the trading of the night. I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving. Well, I'm missing for the trumpet or to sound almost any time and a crown of life that's waiting. Thank God mine. Well, I've got my invitation to a place called Calvary by the precious blood of my Jesus. His trust paid for me. Well, I'm going home with Jesus. Amen. A twinkling of an eye. I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day. Hallelujah. Oh, well, this captain of the vessel, he's a cold bride. Get on board. And our destination is heaven. Safe on that crystal shore where we meet again. Our savior. Amen. Our loved ones who gone on will live for all eternity. Yes, I'm going home. Will I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of an I will for a mansion in the sky. I may not know the moment. Amen. May not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving. Well, I am listening for the trumpet. The sound almost any time and a cry of life that's waiting. Thank God it soon be mine. I've got my invitation through a place called Calvary. By the precious blood of Jesus, this man paid for me. Well, I'm going home. Well, aren't you glad you are? I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know well this captain of the vessel. He's a calling bride. Get on board and our destination. You know, it's heaven safe on that crystal shore where we'll meet again. Our savior and our loved ones who are gone on will live for all eternity. Oh, I'm soon going home. Will I'm going home with Jesus. Oh yeah. Well, I've made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know well. Oh, this captain of the vessel. He's a calling church. And get on board and our destination. It's heaven. Safe on that crystal shore where we'll meet again. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, live for all eternity. Oh yes, I'm going home with Jesus. Oh yes. Oh, I made my reservation for a mansion in the Oh, hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. But I know. Amen. Let's just [Applause] [Music] [Music] Well, this captain of the vessel, he's a call to get on board. And our destination, it's heaven. Safe on that crystal shore where we'll meet again our savior and our loved ones. Oh, we'll live for all. Oh yes, I'm going home. Well, I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. Oh, I may. Thank you, Lord. Well, I may not know the moment. I may never ever know the day. But I know. But let's sing about our captain. Well, this captain of the vessel, he's a calling bride. Let's get on board and our destination. It's heaven safe on that crystal shore where we'll meet again. Our savior. Oh, we live for all eternity. I'm soon going home. Yes. Woo! Oh, thank you, Lord. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Oh, well, I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of the night. I made my for the mansion in the sky where we may not know the moment. Oh, we may not. Oh, but I know well when he calls his wrath away. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. I'm going home with you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I'm going home with you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, aren't you glad you're going home with your Jesus? Aren't you glad you're going home with your husband? Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. I I say let's just go right now. Amen. Amen. Oh, it's going home time. Praise the name of Jesus. Aren't you so glad you got a home to go to? Aren't you glad that he already prepared that way for you? Oh, hallelujah. Let's give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Let's thank him just a little bit. Hallelujah. We thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you for your grace, Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this little song as brother Samuel comes to invite brother Rap. Let's sing that. I feel like going on. I feel like going on. How many feels like going on? Though trials come. I mean, I feel like going on. There's something hold inside of me. Amen. I'm just so thankful. Amen. Let's sing as brother Samuel comes. single. I feel like going on. Oh yes, I feel like going on. Oh trials come on every hand. I feel like going. Oh, let's sing that chorus just once again. I feel like going on. I feel like going going on. Though it gets hard sometimes. Oh, I feel like I feel like going on. Oh, the trials come. They come on every hand. Oh, I feel like How many feels like going on? Oh, let's sing this now. I feel like pressing. Yes, I feel like pressing on. No matter what comes my way, I feel like I feel like pressing on the trials come. They come on every hand. I feel like I feel like pressing on. One more time. Feel like going I feel like going on. Oh yes. I feel like Oh, hallelujah. By your grace, Lord. We're going to feel that going on. Amen. Trials come, they come on every hand. I feel like I feel like going on. Oh, trials come on every hand. I feel like going [Music] and I'm going to make it. I'm glad he's already said that I would. Aren't you glad about that? So I am going to keep on trusting. Oh, that he's working everything for my good. Oh, I'm glad that he walks right beside me. [Music] And heaven is my view. My view. I'm going to make. Can we just stand and sing that as we invite brother Rap to come on out? I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. Oh my. Could you just raise your hand? That's my confession, Lord, based on the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, I going to keep on trust. Going to trust you, Lord. Oh, that is working. Everything everything my good so bad beside me [Music] heaven. Hallelujah. The rapture I wish my view [Music] make for he said how Amaz. Oh, I going to make it all through. [Music] Hallelujah. You believe that this morning? That's what I'm resting on. I'm resting not on not on me. I'm resting on what he said. Amen. And God has confirmed that word. There's no other place of certainty and rest and safety outside of Jesus Christ. But God has so confirmed his word in this hour. That's what the message of the hour came to do is to confirm God's promise that God has never had to take one word back. But every word that God has ever said, God has always kept. every word, every appointment. Amen. I believe he's got an appointment here this morning. Amen. So good to be together. Amen. So good to see each and everyone. And I just want to say it's just a real blessing. I'm thankful to have brother Rap here with us today. And uh I just um how many remember the last time he was with us here last July? And he preached that message on rest. Powerful message. Amen. And um well, I really I just so appreciate I appreciate God's diversity, you know, I mean, I like I like, you know, I like different foods and things like that, but you know, if you eat the same kind of thing all the time, and I know we're talking about God's word, but you know, God just has an approach, right? And I'm so glad that God didn't make every one of us the same, right? I'm glad. I'm glad that he didn't make Brother Rap like me. And you know, I may want to I maybe would like to preach like that, but that's not I'm glad that God has such a diversity and such a bouquet. And you know why? God has chosen through all of that that through every veil, through every vessel, we can look and see him. And you know why he's done that? Because he cares about us. God loves us. He has such a such a multifaceted approach, but his nature remains the same. Amen. And so we just so love the Lord, don't we? Amen. Let's just pull on the gift of God as we welcome brother Rap here this morning with us. Amen. And just reach out and just touch the Lord and let's just draw from him. I'd like to go back to that song, I feel like going on because that's that's true. Many tests, many trials, but we feel like going on. You feel that way this morning. Lord, your grace has held my hand through it all. It's been sufficient, and I feel like going on. Amen. I feel like going on. [Music] Oh, I feel like going on. No matter what comes, I feel like. Oh yes, his grace is sufficient. Oh, try your scum on every day. I feel like going on. I feel like going on. I feel like going on. [Music] Yes, I feel that going on. The trials come on every hand. I feel like going on. Amen. Lord bless you this morning. It's a real uh real honor to be here with you. Perhaps while we're standing, we can just turn in our Bibles to the book of James, chapter five. And uh it was uh I might think about this uh the sermon this morning being the uh the surrender of a perfectionist because I like to have everything finished on my notes finished exactly right. And I got to a point last night says it's not ready yet. It's not ready. I might have to go with something else in the morning. But I was going back and forth in the car and finally I just sitting back there and nope. We're going to go with what the Lord put on our hearts. We're just going to make him h ask him to make it perfect for us. That's what we're going to do today. But I just really appreciate the atmosphere here uh uh this morning. It's such a such a good spirit and it's good to be with you again. My James chapter 5. No, I haven't. No. Sorry. There we go. There we go. All right. Try to get the jitters out of the system. James chapter 5 and verse 11. Behold, we count them happy which endure. That's why I appreciated the the last song we sang. Uh I feel like going on. Feel like going on. That's that's what it's about. We count them happy which endure. You have heard of the patience of Job and have seen the end of the Lord that the Lord is very pitiful and of tender mercy. This is a special scripture for me personally because my son is named Job. And uh when my wife was pregnant, we went back and forth with different names. And one morning having my devotions, I read this scriptures. We heard of the patience of Job. And this is why where Job got his name. And I thought, man, I given a son the name like Job, which means one of the things is persecuted. Who does that to their kid? But I gave him the middle name of of Daniel. God is my judge. And that's what that's what Job wanted. But we'll just uh our our uh topic this morning is is the testimony of Job. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your grace, Lord, to us. Father, uh if we look back upon our own life's journey, um there's no way that we could have made it without uh without you holding us, without you carrying us. And I thank you, Lord, for bringing us thus far, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you would minister to each one here today in a special special way, oh God, in Jesus name. Amen. Lord bless you. May be seated. Brother Dave, Sister Shirley, good to see you all again. Good to see you. Very very good. Well, uh um last uh last year I uh it's been it's been a it's been a year of trial for my family. Me, my my wife's gone through a number of different uh things. She had to be in the hospital a couple times. I can remember back in uh it was about a year a about a year ago back in the beginning August or end of July had to take her to the hospital and I I I helped her check in. I came back and get things to take to to to bring to her and I was looking around. I've got a I've got a book on Job around here somewhere and I I Oh yeah. I bought this book six, seven years ago. never read it and I'm going to be reading this book and I've I I've been reading through it throughout the year kind of studying through it. Uh um personally I did a went through my Bible class at school. We went through each chapter of the book of Job. I was kind of surprised. It's one of those books that I think is really really hard to to read and it can be hard to understand because as Job and his friends as Job's friends are are talking to him, they're saying things that sound right some half the time. But remember, you can say the right thing to the wrong person. It's not quite meant to be. Um, so it's it's hard to it's hard to figure out sometimes. But one of the assignments I have my students do is they they keep a Bible notebook. I ask them to um to read at least a chapter of the Bible each day and they just write one verse down in their notebook and then uh if they do that just write a verse five days a week, you get you get a B on your assignment. And if you write a sentence or two about the verse, you get an A for the assignment. And I found personally there are times in my life when I keep a little Bible notebook like that, it has always helps me uh to get more out of the my Bible reading. It's almost uh as I start writing it down um um my my mental digestive system starts working and I start meditating on and sometimes just the act of writing it down things jump out at me that hadn't leapt out at me before. So every few weeks I'll collect my students Bible notebooks and just kind of make sure they did it. And I was surprised this last year that there were several students who picked the book of Job to read. They're thinking, "Guys, you were picking one of the most difficult books of the Bible. Make it easier on yourselves." But I thought, there must be something there that um that that that intrigues them. Well, we're going to spend some time going at it, going over it. And I was uh encouraged to see that brother Brandon was also one who was intrigued by the book of Job. He he says different times, he spent a year and a half, two years going through the book of Job. He said, "I had Job on the A sheep for about four weeks. Every Sunday is every Sunday, every Wednesday, Job on the A sheep." I think that's it's a valuable thing sometimes for us to kind of plow through certain parts of the scripture because we can we can get the big picture sometimes, but you can just go through in Bible study. He talks about you get nuggets all these different places and it becomes so much more meaningful. And he's talking about Job. He says, "Such a beautiful story. God dealing with his saint." His friends had the story wrong. His friends thought it was God dealing with a hypocrite. God dealing with a sinner. But no, it's God dealing with his saint. And how that we all get in those places, times of distress, and don't know where to turn. So perhaps we can just look um in Job chapter 1. Um I'm not sure how this is going to turn out today. It's kind of exciting for me as well because um I want to try to capture a couple themes of the book of Job without uh without if we if we try to go through chapter by chapter, we could be here a really long time. And that's not the purpose. Um but Job chapter 1. And when we look at Job chapter 1, we're going to see that if anyone ever had a so-called perfect life, it was Job and his family. in almost any metric of perfect, they would have had it. They they I I I imagine reading what they have, they had an Instagram ready life. Job had the perfect LinkedIn profile. Job had picture perfect kids who never caused any problems at at at school. Job and his wife, they knew just how to put their arm around each other and smile. Think, what a beautiful family. He had it in every single way. And then God looks at Job says, "Yeah, he's perfect and upright." He has it in every single way. Job chapter 1, there was a man in the land of Oz whose name was Job. And that man was perfect and upright and one that feared God and estued evil. What a testimony. Feared God, estued evil. Like I said, he's the picture of success in his walk with God, in his business, in his finances, in his community, his home and family. His substance was 7,000 sheep, 3,000 camels, 500 yolk of oxen, 500 shies, and a very great household to take care of all this stuff. This man was the greatest of all the men of the east. and his sons. He has seven sons and three daughters. His sons went and feasted in their houses everyone his day and sent and called for their three sisters to eat and drink with them. These are this is a family who gets along. They enjoy being together. A family reunion isn't a matter to get nervous about. They enjoy being together. And so it was when the days of their feasting were gone about that Job sent and sanctified them, rose up early in the morning, offered burnt offerings according to the number of them all. For Job said, "It may be that my sons have sinned and cursed God in their hearts." And thus did Job continually. So as our story opens, like I said, Job seems to be living a perfect life. He has a a faultless testimony. I don't think that means he's sinless, but he's righteous before God. He has all the outward markers of God's favor. Um God just keeps blessing him and blessing him. His business undertakings meet with great success. His flocks and herds multiply. His sons and daughters are happy and healthy. There's no sign of family dysfunction here. He keeps his kids covered in prayer within his community. He's highly respected. And if we look over in Job 29, we can uh this is at the end. This is the very last speech that Job gives and he's looking back and he's remembering all the things how life was before before his life changed and and he reminisces and and that's it's kind of interesting to see his description of what his life was like and what he expected his life uh to end up as he's he's been accused all through the book of being a secret sinner. He's been accused of of of hiding things. He's he's been he's he's heard he's heard a lot. And then this is one of the last this is as he finishes speaking verse two. Oh that I were as in months past and when we're in the midst of a really dark time that's what we say. I wish it was like it was back years ago when and it says when I when um when God preserved me. You know what? If we're still here today, God is still preserving us. We might not experience it quite like we want to experience it, but God was still preserving Job because God told Satan, "You can do whatever you can, but you can't touch his life." That was the preservation of God. So, Job just couldn't see God in his trials. And that's when we get nervous. But we're going to keep on going here. I wish it were like in days past when his candle shined upon my head when by his light I walked through darkness and he just goes on how respected he is. Verse seven, when I went out to the gate to the city, I prepared my seat in the street. The young men saw me, they hid themselves. They were nervous to talk to this great man, Job. The aged men arose and stood up. They they revered Job in this testimony. The princes and the nobles. They held their peace, their tongue closed to the roof of their to the roof of their mouth. Job's experience has changed so much because when he's in his trial, he's outside the city. He's on an a sheep. He's the mo people make a mock of him. The kids probably throw stones. How his how his ex how his life has changed. The respect of men is uh is is is is fleeting. We we we shouldn't fear men. We should fear God. But Job's life has changed so much. And Job's reviewing his righteous testimony. This is kind of his life, his his last defense. Verse 14, he he sat in the gates of the city. He was a judge. He says, "I put on righteousness. It clothed me. My judgment was a as a robe and dyed him. I was eyes to the blind." I wouldn't let anybody take advantage of a blind person. I was eyes for the blind and feet was eye to the lame. I did justice. I was father to the poor and the cause which I knew not. I didn't just dismiss it. I searched it out to do justice. I broke the jaws of the wicked. Plucked the spoil out of his teeth. Job's looking at his life. I have done well. I have served God based upon what how I'm living my life. How do I think I'm going to end up? And this is where Job is wrong about something. because he says, "I've done all these righteous things." And he says, "I expect I will die in my nest. I'll be able just to live long happily ever after and die on my family estate because I've done all these righteous things." I mean, you know what? When you do righteous things, good things happen to you. Bad things don't happen to good people. That's kind of the te that's the only explanation of suffering that was alive at the time of Job. And Job bought into Job bought into it without realizing it. He said, "Look at all the good things I've done. I thought I would die in my nest. I'd multiply my days as the sand." His expectation was for a long and peaceful life growing old in his family estate to die in his nest. And I think Job here is it kind of describes uh brother Ram talking about the person who I'd rather be right in my heart and wrong in my doctrine. And Job's right in his heart. He you know are all of us 100% right in our doctrine. We're all going to be it's really hard to have with with with with human words to make statements about God that cover everything because God's infinite. We can't do that. So Job Job is walking as best he can the life that he knows. He his heart is right with God which means he can be corrected which means he's he's got a relationship with God. Because you can have somebody who has a superior statement of faith but doesn't know God. That's good. Yeah. That gets scary. Oswald Chambers uh writes this about Job. Says, "It must be remembered what Job's creed was." Job believed that God prospered and blessed the upright man who trusted in him. And the man who was not upright was not prospered. And then came calamity after calamity. Everything Job believed about God was contradicted. And Job's creed went to the wind. Amen. He had to hold on to God stronger than he held on to his creed. And sometimes you have to ask, do we hang on to God or to our belief about God? There you go. At best, our beliefs about God can only be an approximation because we can't define the infinite with finite vocabulary. So don't hang on too tightly to our doctrinal statements because God is greater than any statement that we can make about him. So our our relationship must be with him and not with our belief about him. That's right. And Job, his belief about God got blown out of the water, but that didn't destroy him because he was right in his heart. He wasn't completely right in his doctrine, but he was right in his heart. And he followed God more than even if God went further than his belief could have taken him about God. I'd rather be right in my doctrine and right in my heart. Brother Brandham says God will respect it more. So if a man's wrong, what of it? Help him. He needs help. He doesn't say go and correct him. He says love him. If you can't love your enemy the same as you love those who love you, you're no better off than the publicans. That's what the church has failed to get. I hope you get it tonight. It's back to love, redeeming love. And he makes this statement in Chicago. one place it's talking about um teaching on the godhead and he's got brothers from different churches believing different things and he's got them all there together teaching on the godhead and when you when I listened to that sermon the first time I I expected to have a teaching on the godhead but it really doesn't strike me as much as a teaching on the godhead as a teaching on how God reveals himself which really is a teaching on the godhead because when uh when back in 3:25 when when the council of Nika went to define God they say okay here's here's father here's son here's holy ghost it's kind of like they're dissecting god and when you put god on the dissecting well in order to dissect something what do you have to do first you have to kill it and that's what they did they dissected god and this is how this system work this is the other system this is the other system, but they make those statements, they kill its impact. That's not how Jews look at God. Looking at God as dynamic, vibrant, living, how God reveals himself. And that's what brother Brandham does in this service. Look how God reveals himself. If in our lives we're not manifesting God, we probably have a wrong revelation of the Godhead. Because all the God it is therefore the teaching of God it is to show how God manifests himself. He manifests himself in Jesus Christ flesh the flesh of the prophets and he wants to do it in our flesh as well. So he says it's back to love redeeming love not another seminar so you can correct the other brother so they can no it's back to love redeeming love. All the other things are fine, but we have to come back to fellowship with one another. Amen. So, Job, he's living a a wonderful life, picture of success. There wouldn't be anything that you would say we need to add to his life. He's perfect and upright. He's got a great testimony. But unbeknownst to Job, his life had attracted the attention of Satan. And this enemy had long journeyed over the earth. He had witnessed the worship of Job ascending upwards toward the heavens. And he witnessed the blessings of God raining down on Job. Satan had heard the prayers, the lavish proclamations of love from Job toward God. And Satan had also observed God's great pleasure with this most faithful son. And Satan scoffed. This was no love between God and Job. Satan says this was just a mutual coincidence of wants. God needs somebody to worship him. And this is a human being who needs more stuff. So God will shower the things down upon the human being and the human being will worship God. This is just a transaction. Satan says this isn't love baloney. Calling this love. Job and God are just engaging in great selfdeception because to Satan, Satan doesn't know what love is. to Satan. Job and Jehovah had no relationship of disinterested love. Satan knows that kind of thing doesn't even exist. The greatest love to Satan. The only true love was self love. That's all there is. Any relationship between creatures was not built upon love for the other. No. any relationship between creatures was a rational relationship built around self-interested transactions. That's so true. If you're in Job's place, who wouldn't worship a God who blesses so much and considering God? Who wouldn't? What spirit wouldn't be pleased with all these ardent proclamations of worship? Satan understood self-interest and he saw the self-interest in both of these parties. He understood that, but he couldn't stand the lie that these two loved each other. No, don't call it love. Just be real. So, Satan decides one day he's going to reveal the farce behind Joe Jehovah's purported love for humanity. And Satan wanted to expose Jehovah as being no more and no less than an angel who had been able to write a victor's history of heaven's war. And there's where verse six comes up. Now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Where are you coming from? Whence comest thou?" Then Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, and from walking up and down in it." And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hm, have you considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that fears God and his shoes evil?" And then Satan answered the Lord and said, "Does Job fear God for not?" There's something in it for him. Haven't you made a hedge about him and about his house, about all that he hath on every side? You've blessed the work of his hands. His substance is increased in the land. But put forth your hand now and touch all that he has. And God, he'll curse you to your face. This is not love. This is just a bar, a deal that you can make, a deal that you can break. Be real. Does Job fear God for not? It's not a relationship of love. It's just a transaction. Now, I don't know about you, but when I have read the book of Job in the past, I have always seen it as Satan's attack on Job. But when you look at the question more deeply, the attack is a little bit different. Does Job fear God for not? Who is Satan really attacking? So good. Oswald Chambers paraphrases Satan's argument this way. You are infatuated, God, with the idea that man loves you for your own sake. He never has and never will. Job, for instance, simply loves you because you bless and prosper him, but touch anyone that is blessing still curses to your face and prove that no man on earth loves you for your own sake. Someone else says, "The only reason Job fears you is because you pay him to do it. You guys have made a contract. You protect and prosper him as long as he obeys and worships you. You are not a god worthy of worship. You have to pay people to honor you. Who is this question really attacking at its deepest level? It's not just Job. It's God. All the talk about God loving humans and humans worshiping God is selfdeception, a farce, a scam. And God says game on. Yeah, there you go. Because Satan is attacking God, not just Job. And you know what? Really, anytime Satan attacks one of God's children, it's an attack on God anyhow. But this is a this is a deep attack on Job. So, we often read Satan's question, does Job fear God for not as a challenge of Job's testimony. But really at its deepest level, it's a challenge of God's character that he's not a God worthy of worship. So ultimately, when we look through the book of Job, it's not Job who's on trial. That's right. Job thinks he's on trial. Because as he's being attacked on every side, you're a hypocrite. You're a deception. You're a deceiver. You're a secret sinner. And Job's desperate. I wish God would come and be a witness on my behalf. and vindicate me. Job didn't realize that it was God who was on trial and God had picked Job for his witness. Job wanted God to be his witnesses. No, Job, you are my witness. That's what this is. Hallelujah. So, we we we know Brother Brandham talks in in victory day. He says, "God has counted you worthy when you have a test." Why? Well, if you're an attorney and you're going to put somebody on the witness stand to to testify in defense of the person you're defending, you're going to put somebody on the witness stand who you have great confidence in. You're going to put something on the witness stand who can deliver testament that'll just poke all these holes in the prosecution's arguments. Job was that kind of witness. There was nothing wrong with Job's life. There was nothing wrong with Job's testimony. God had full confidence. Put him on the witness stand and he will put holes in every one of Satan's arguments. But Satan, sorry, Job didn't realize that was what it was. Because if God had told Job ahead of time, this is what's going on, Job, I'm going to prep you for your testimony. No, that's tampering with the witness. He can't do that. So Job, he goes into the situation, going into his trial, he's flying blind. He doesn't know what's going on. He doesn't know why. But there's one thing for sure. God had confidence in Job. God has counted you worthy when you have a test. Now, don't fail this. Don't fail to get this. When you have a trial or a test, anybody here have a trial or a test? It shows the grace of God has you found favor with God. And God believes that you'll stand the test that God is going God believes that you are going to contribute to the ultimate victory. That's why you're going through this because Satan says, "Hey, you put a trial on them. They're fairweather fans. They're they're bandwagon believers. They're not going to stick with it. No. God says, "Game on. Put a test. I will show you just how strong they are. They've got my DNA with them. That's my son or daughter, and this is going to prove it. God had confidence in Job. So, when it looks like everything has gone wrong, God's giving you a trial. He's not putting you on trial. He's putting you on the stand in his trial because your testimony Yes. It's not just not just a testament of what God's done in your life. It's a testimony that no matter what God does, though he slay me, yet I'll trust him. It's those statements that that that Job makes that showing I will follow God no matter what happens. He I I praise him for the blessings if they're all gone. I wasn't serving the blessings. I was serving my God. Hallelujah. When it looks like everything's gone wrong, God's giving you a trial. He's got confidence in you. You don't have to baby you around. You're a hotbed plant or a hybrid. You're a real Christian. Amen. You're a real Christian. And in Job 1:es 11 and 12, God draws clear boundaries in which Satan has to say, "All that he hath is in my power." He says, "Only upon himself put not forth your hand. So in this trial, Job is going to be a living representation about what is most valuable. You can take all the stuff, but that's not the most valuable thing. That's good. And even in phase two of the trial, you can touch Job's health, but you can't take his life. What was the most valuable thing was Job's connection to God. Yeah. And Satan couldn't touch that. So yes sir. Now we hear the stories of uh different men and women who've done very very well for themselves in business. There are many men who uh who work very very hard investing or building a business whoever and they've and they just throw themselves into it and their and their business almost becomes their identity. Um they're always 247 almost in businessman mode. Um, but then when they go in one day from not a rag, not a rags to riches story, but from a riches to rags story, when the stock market falls, what do these men sometimes do? They'll jump out of the building. They'll kill themselves because their identity is so wrapped up in the stuff that they have. Job's identity is not touched when God takes all this stuff. So good. Amen. Yes, sir. His identity was not touched in this first phase of Satan's attack upon him. He wasn't uh he wasn't phased a bit by it. And we know the story and this first phase of Satan's attack. The Sebans come, the ox and the asses are are stolen. The servants slain and then there's one servant comes. I only am escaped alone to tell you. In the same day, a fire comes down from heaven and burns up all the sheep with all the servants who are the shepherds watching them. Only one escapes. I only am escaped alone to tell you. Then the calaldanss come along and they carry the camels away. All the servants are slain except one, the messenger. I only am escaped alone to tell you. Then lastly, this great wind comes. All of his children are together fellowshipping together. The house collapses on Job's children, on Job's servants, except one, the one who has escaped alone to tell you. And what a day. And we've had rough days, but we've all had rough days before, but this everything is being touched. And Job must just be torn with this question. Why? Why? Now, we've read Job chapter 1. We've been onlookers in heaven's throne room. We know what's going on. But without this insight, we might be inclined to agree with Job's friends. Job, God must be trying to send you a message here. If we didn't know Job chapter 1 already, it'd be easy to I mean, how many of us are like the uh a neighbor man across from my dad's house? He uh I was at my parents house the other day and he was coming over my parents live next to the woods and he was coming over bringing the some tree limbs that he'd trimmed off and he was throwing them into my parents woods was fine. He said, "Oh yeah, the trees were getting too much. I couldn't see my neighbor's house." That's how people are, right? like to kind of see what's going with the neighbors and um and sometimes we're like that. We like see, oh, look at these people in their trial. Man, they're going through hard stuff, man. There must be a reason behind that. And we try to figure it out. And if we'd seen somebody go through everything that Job, we'd put them on their prayer list, but we might all think, man, Lord, I pray you'd open their heart to hear what you're trying to tell them here. So Job's friends, I mean, they came. They loved him. They came. They they spent a whole week with him. But um we probably should be not just so judging of Job's friends. How often do we tend to do the same thing sometimes and put the pieces together um in somebody else's trials. Um so we might have just as easily said and agreed with Job's friends that Job needs must have to repent from something have needs a closer walk with God. But none of those things were true. There was nothing wrong with Job's walk with God here. So looking as that as a purpose for suffering doesn't fit the bill here. Why did this all happen? Job knew what had happened, but he had no idea why. And he couldn't because like I said, if God had given Job inside information, Job, I'm gonna take all your stuff away. Just keep saying you love me and everything will be fine. That'd be witness tampering. And that Job couldn't know that and still be a faithful witness. He was never told the why behind his trials. In the entire book, God never tells Job why. Ever. That's right. That's true. Like I said, Job was flying blind with nothing to guide his response toward God other than what he knew of God's character. Would that be enough? Does Job have a close enough walk with God to even if God seems to disappear from the scene for a while, it seemed that way to Job. He couldn't feel God. He couldn't see God. He was He felt like an empty he felt like an empty bucket. There's nothing I don't There's I I there's nothing to draw from anymore. I'm just I'm empty. Would Job still trust God? He's always been faithful for. He's going to take care of me. Would Job still do that? Would his knowledge of God's heart be enough? And I just uh amazed at end of chapter one after all of these four servants. They come with these new bad news bad bad all of this comes and what does Job do? He bows on his knees and worships. Job arose. He tears his shirt, shaves his head. He's grieving. It's fine to grieve. It's not like we have to say praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We don't always feel that. We can show grief. We can show that we're torn. But even in that case, he still worshiped. And he says, "Naked came I out of my mother's womb. Naked shall I return thither. The Lord gave. The Lord's taken away. Blessed be the name of the Lord." In all this, Job sinned not, nor charged God foolishly. The purpose behind Job's suffering was to silence Satan. Job would worship God even in suffering. Job was going to be the answer to the devil's question. Does Job fear God for not? He was going to be the answer to that question. And I think uh there's a in the message Christ is the mystery of God revealed. There's a there's a few places where brother Brandham talks about we have Satan's answer. We have the answer to the devil's question. There's probably four or five six different spots where he talks about that. I read that years back and I in my in the back of the book I jotted that down. The answer to the devil's question. We have the answers to the devil's question. My first I was well that's wonderful but what was the devil's question and brother Bram never really comes out and says this was the devil's question it's not I' I've I've seen but you know what we have to answer the devil's question what are the times that the devil asks questions well in Genesis chapter 3 asks a qu kind of a rhetorical question he makes a statement to Eve that kind of packs a question inside you that god uh must not be a good god if he's not letting you by the know tree of knowledge of good and evil he asks God a question about Job. He there in the Matthew 4, the temptation of Christ, Satan's asking questions. But Job is going to have not only have the answer to the devil's question, he's going to be the answer to the devil's question. And I just want to look at this. We have Satan's answer. God has vindicated himself. God proves himself to his promise in this day. Hallelujah. The headship's here. Amen. Christ the Lord, the risen Lord is here in the same power of his resurrection, he ever was manifesting himself. There is the devil's answer. It's not just that we have Satan's answer. I say we are Satan's answer. Christ is alive. He's in you and me. We don't just have the answer. We are the answer. He says we are his victory. Amen. We don't just have the victory. We are his victory. The church is his victory. We come forth in this last stage with this glorious gospel showing his victory. He died for this purpose and we are the proof of his victory. Does Job fear God for not? Job was the answer. Job was the proof. And Satan asked the same thing about you and me. Do you fear God for nothing? Are you just here because God's taking care of you? He's blessed you. Your car is still running. You got a nice house. You made your you got a nice dog. You've got cute kids. You make the honor roll. Is that why you're serving God? No. We serve God because he died for us. He loves us and we love him. He could take all the stuff away, all the blessings away. I'm not serving God for what he gives me, but for who he is. Satan can't understand that. He can't fathom that. So again, he'll try to peel all these things away. And we still though he slay me yet don't trust him. We are proof of God's love. We are proof of his victory. Satan sees it all and he he he doesn't understand it. So chapter two we get a deja vu again. There was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan comes also among them. And the God says, "Satan, where have you been lately?" And Satan says, "From going to and fro in the earth, from walking up and down in Yes. And what do you think about Job? I told you there's none like him in the earth. Fears me as she's evil. and he's still holding fast his integrity, Satan, even though you've moved me against him to destroy him without cause. There was no reason for Job to have to go. Job had done nothing wrong. And Satan answered the Lord, "Yeah, skin for skin. All that a man hath will he give for his life, but put forth now your hand and touch his bow and his flesh, and they'll curse you to your face." Financial trials are one thing where you can lose everything. And now he's going to put him a physical trial where he feels physically bad all the time. That's tough because it's not just aches and the pains pull too long. It that physical aches and pains can penetrate your emotions and your heart. Oh, I I I I feel bad. Therefore, I must be bad. That's that that's how that can go sometimes. And says, I'm gonna I'm gonna hit him this way. And God says, "Behold, he's in your hand, but save his life." So, Satan uh leaves God's presence and he smites Job from head to toe with putrifying boils. And Job sat down among the ashes. Verse 8 says and verse nine, "Then said his wife unto him, do you still retain your integrity? Just curse God and die. Let God just send a lightning bolt down and we'll be done with it. Just do this, Job. Take the easy way out." But he said unto her, "You speak as one of the foolish women speaketh. What shall we receive good at the hand of God, and shall we not receive evil?" In all this, Job did not sin with his lips. And I just want to point out that um God never took Job's wife from him. I think God is understanding because it wasn't just Job who was in this trial. Job's wife, she'd also lost all of her kids. She'd also lost her home. She'd lost everything. Everything was gone for her. And she responds here pretty rationally, I think. Let's just be done, Job. Let's just finish it. God doesn't say, "Ah, man. Job's wife was a terrible." He doesn't take her away. They stay together. They have children later on. God has understanding for the frailty of men and women. That is so good because God doesn't come down and hammer Job's wife. And the next chapter when Job says, "I wish I were dead." Job is saying these same things. I wish I were dead. He feels terrible. You know what? This is the very same Job who a chapter earlier knelt down and worshiped. Yeah. The very same Job who's worshiping God. There you go. Now he feels bad. Sickness and everything like that. And now, oh man, I wish God would just die. Cursed be today. Why didn't my mother misarry? That's these are the things he's saying. God knows that we are flesh. He is understanding for the frailty of the human being. So when we're in trials, we all say some pretty stupid things sometimes. Things that we really don't mean. Right. And there's a lesson that um I want I want to highlight in a minute. Job's friends come and I think they probably helped the most when they came and sat with him and said nothing. That's right. Because you know what? Explanations rarely help the hurting heart. That's so good. What do you say to somebody who's hurting? That's why we don't go visit somebody in the hospital. Someone says, "What do I say?" You don't have to say anything. just coming and showing you care and showing you love says so much. Let God translate that. But when we open our mouths, sometimes things just flop out that we didn't mean to flop out like that. Job's friends heard his words, but they didn't feel the anguish of his heart. And unfortunately, Job's friends argued with his words instead of ministering to his heart. How often have I done that as a husband? My wife says something and I respond to the words instead of just say, "Oh man, rough day today. Let's just sit and have tea together. That might be better minister to the hurting heart than grappling and wrangling with words because explanations. I've always, you know, I've always my my wife has told me, I don't need a solution. I just need some understanding right now. And we're not wired that way, guys. But you know what? When we go through hard times, guys, um we always we don't always want somebody to come along and solve things. We want we want some understanding, too. It can be really annoying when somebody comes and says, "You just need to do this this this different. You you'll be fine." If you only understood, we all are like that. If you go and uh break a leg, you have to go to urgent care and ah just really really hurts. Really, really hurts. They take an X-ray and you're lying on the table and they come in and the doctor shows you when he reads the X-ray. Does it make us feel better? Does reading the X-ray take away the pain of a broken leg? No. Explanations don't heal us. We don't live on explanations. We live on promises. So, we shouldn't spend too much time asking God why. And that's a really key lesson from the book of Job because God never explains things to Job. In fact, when God comes and reveals himself to Job at the end, all he does is ask questions. Job, do you understand this? Do you understand this? Do you know about this, Job? And Job says, no. But the one who asked the question does. And if God can keep all these diverse things in the entire universe, he's not only created them, but he can take care of them, making sure they're running smoothly, he can do all that, then God's got this, too. God doesn't explain anything. Job didn't need an explanation. He needed a revelation of God in his trial, and it came in his time. So in Job's despair in Job chapter 3 after he's lost everything his friends have been there for a week without saying a word in verse one after this opened Job his mouth and cursed his day. In verses 11 and 12, Job's asking the why question. Why did I not die from the womb? Why did I not give up the ghost when I came out of the belly? Why did the knees prevent me? Why the breath that I should suck? Verse 20, wherefore or why is light given to him that is in misery? If this is what life is, all this pain and suffering, why why is light given to a man whose way is hid and who God had hedged in? In times of severe testing, our first question is usually why. But it really shouldn't be because the the first question shouldn't be why, but what Job's wife came along with the solution. How we can get out of this. That's not a first question either, but it should be not how we can get out of this, but what can I get out of this? Because the why question packs inside of it accusations of unfairness or injustice. Whenever we ask why, it's kind of a hidden way of pointing the finger at God. Yes, sir. I ask the question why, but I really already know why. Be careful asking the why question too much because ask Job marinates in chapter three in these why questions. He soon moves from asking why to answering his question and accusing God. and he he'll make some pretty strong statements. And one of the ones I remember the most, he says, "It feels like God is pointing his arrows at me that I am just his target practice." That is a strong statement. But notice, God doesn't respond to Job's words. God responds to the pain in his heart. Because God could have been insulted. You think I'm that kind of God? If you want to know what it feels like to have my arrows in you, I will show you. He could have done that. That's what that's what Job's friends did. They responded to his words. But God sees the pain behind the words. He ignores the words. He's not going to be challenged. He's not going to be hurt by them. He ignores all the missiles there. He's coming and he goes and carries Job. He takes out of the trial. In the end, Job had marinated in the why question so much he started actually accusing God. the why questions. Watch out for those. Watch out for those. Like I said, it's a pity that Job's friends spent all their time responding to his words instead of encouraging his profession of faith. The same Job is saying why why I wish I were dead. He's also the one like I said he said the Lord giveth giveth the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. A true friend will remind you of your positive confession. Ignore the negative, but remember it's not so bad right now. Just remember what God did not so long ago. Because when we're going through a really hard time, it's so dark and foggy, we can't remember anything outside of our trial. And a true friend will remind you, hey, remember last week this went really, really well. We we we laughed together last week. It was good. and the reminding of the good times are there remind us that God is with us. That's what a true friend will do. A a true spouse, husband or wife. I mean, when when you go through a trial, it's nice. Usually trials tag team. Husband be down for a while, but the wife's okay. Then then couple weeks later might it might switch. When both are done, that's really really hard times when you're both are down. But try to encourage one another. remind one another of what God has done because that shows that God is with you. So Job, he's uh he's vented his spleen, so to speak. He's he's asked all these why questions. He's uh made a complaint against God. And now we have uh Job's friends come. And uh one author writes about these friends. He says, "What Satan could not do with all of his Seabans and Calaldanss and winds from the wilderness that he soon did with the debating approaches and the controversial assaults of Elephaz, Zofar, and Bildad." Oh, the unmittable curse of controversy. Job survived the fire and the winds and the attacks better than he survived his friends. That was really, really hard. with friends like Job's who needs enemies you could say. So um Elephaz is the first uh one who speaks. So he's probably um the oldest of the company. So he's going to be considered the the wisest and his words are based on what he's seen in life. This is what I've experiences what I know and the special experience that that he had. And um we'll kind of go through these quickly. I know we're almost at an hour, but um Elephaz, one of his main points is Job, who ever perished being innocent. I wonder what Elephaz would have said to the men on the road to Emmas. Jesus was innocent. He perished. Jesus just kind of blows up this theory of suffering that bad things only happen to bad people. Elephas says this. He's speaking with some pretty cold logic. The logic is the innocent don't perish. Job, you're perishing. Therefore, you must not be innocent. And uh I could remember after my wife got out of the hospital back in the um August, I was doing my study on the book of Job and I was in chapter uh chapter five and I had this on the breakfast table. I was reading my Bible. I had it open there. I'm up doing something else in the kitchen. And she sits down. Oh, wow. You're reading your Bible up. Let me re read what you're reading. And her light, her eyes light on this highlighted scripture where Elephaz says, "Happy is the man whom God correctth. Therefore, despise not thou the chastening of the Lord." She's like, "My wife, so God's chastening me. What have I done wrong?" Well, this is a good th this is partly true. We can be happy when God corrects us. We shouldn't despise the chastening of the Lord. That's partly true. But you know what? Eleph God corrects you, you repent, and you can get then all the gold will start flowing again. That's really what Alfaz is saying here. Job, things aren't going so well for you. God's correcting you. Confess your sins and God will restore everything that you've lost. This sounds okay, but really this is a paraphrase of Satan's speech. Job, the motivation to confess and with God is to get your stuff back. So part of what Alfaz is saying, it can be correct, but when the right thing is spoken to the wrong person, you're mislocating the word of God. You're misinterpreting the word of God. And that's what his friends do again and again and again. Brother Brandham says there are three musts in the scripture to rightly divide God's word. You must not misinterpret the word. You must not misplace the word. And you must not dislocate the word. If we would do either of these, it throws the whole Bible in a confusion and chaos. And when Job's friends do these three things, it throws him into a confusion and chaos. When people come along when we're going through a hard time and try to analyze and explain, oh, you've just got some secret sin. Maybe you do, maybe you don't. But if you don't and someone comes along and says that, that throws the whole thing into a confusion and the chaos. We need to be really careful. We can use the right Bible verse, apply it to the wrong person, and it doesn't fit, and it can throw the whole thing into a confusion and a chaos. Elephas didn't answer the pain in Job's heart, but the words from Job's lips. And this was a mistake. You don't heal a broken heart with logic. You heal a broken heart with love. By the time Bildad came to speak, he's listened to Job's initial complaint. He listened to Elfaz's wise response. He listened to Job's rebuttal. And for two whole chapters, Job had gone on and on and on about the heaviness of this suffering, the hopelessness of it, the bitterness of it. And Billad just can't take it anymore. And he starts on says, "How long will you speak these things? How long will the words of your mouth feel like a strong wind? You're a windbag, Job. You're always talking about the same thing. Your trials enough." Not really very understanding, very friendly. And he's quick to respond to Job's words again. He says his emphasize emphasis job justice. Job God's justice is perfect. And he goes there. Your kids must have sinned against him. Otherwise, why would he have punished them? What a thing to say to somebody. But he actually does. I'm using the message translation here. 8:4. It's plain. Your children sinned against him. Otherwise, why would God have punished them? He's he liked to think his friends are meaning well, but they did much better when they kept their mouths closed. He gives advice. Job, seek the Lord. If you were pure and right, he'd pay attention to you again. He'd make you more prosperous than ever. But again, Bildad is just rehashing Satan's line. And Zofar does the same thing after Job responds to Bildad. Zofar doesn't he speaks the least because everybody's almost said everything by the time he gets he's speaking because he's there and you feel obligated to say something. But he again says you're a windbag. You're a liar. God is even punishing you less than you deserve. He says some bad stuff. Job, you should have known better. The triumphing of the wicked is short. You enjoyed blessings for a a while in your life, but the rug was pulled out from under you because you must have been wicked. The joy of the hypocrite is but for a moment. And they just keep going on and on and on throughout the book of Job. Every single time, you know, when your kids don't understand something and you have to say it again, you try to explain. You don't use different words, you just raise your tone of voice. You think if I say it louder, they'll get it. That's kind of what happening in this argument. And I don't want to rehash things or go over more than I need to, but Job is again and again and again facing accusations from his friends and then get to the how can anybody be righteous before God? God is perfection. He is the standard of righteousness, the standard of holiness. He can look at themselves and say, "Would I be vindicated? I haven't I'm not walking in sin. I'm not perfect. Um but I know it so of the truth. How can a man be just with God? Job's wrestling with these questions. He doesn't know how to answer it sometimes. How can anybody be righteous before God? How could I get God to come and vindicate my innocence? Again, this is where Job wants God to come and testify on his behalf when really Job just living a simple Christian life through his trials. He is testifying on God's behalf without realizing it. But he wants God. He says, 'I just wish I could have a day in court with God that I could come and argue this out with God. Because really, this is where I think his friends almost push Job to the edge and his def when we get defensive, we say thing even more things that we don't mean. That's right. when we get defensive and Job's getting defensive and his friends keep attacking and because of their attacking he's getting closer and closer to saying God I wish I could have a day in court to prove that you're not treating me justly and here's where um Job will be corrected in the end if he says if only I had a mediator and what's interesting when Job's having this like why did we go through trials one of the things that comes out of Job's trial Now in this point in history there was no indication nothing written about there being a resurrection nothing. But Job is under so much pressure. So much pressure. He says my I see the I see the seed go into the the ground and come up and it it dies in the ground and then it lives again. I see this and he said he's under so much pressure and as he's going through the pressure sometimes a lot of times bad things come out we're under pressure but here something good comes out God he says I know that my redeemer liveth and that I shall someday stand upon the earth this was a new revelation from God and God squeezed it out right through suffering and when we go through things when we go through trials new revelations of God come out of the trial. It's in times of blessing and prosperity. We usually don't get the depth of experience. But here Job is going through some things and some amazing things come out. But you know what? You can look at Job says some really rough things. The arrows of the Almighty are pointed at and he's saying that a couple chapters later I know that my redeemer liveth. Then later a little bit later, a few chapters later, he's saying some comp complaining. this feels really bad. How long does how much longer that's going to last? He's perfect and upright. And how does his life go? His feelings, it goes up and down. That's human. He goes through that. No. So, we get can't judge ourselves just based upon this because, you know, we just keep on going and God brings us up and we see some more. And that's just how life goes. But I wanted to point out um once let's go to Job chapter 23, sorry, Job 22. And I think this is just a really neat uh we're going to look at Job 22, Elephaz is speaking and he's going to try uh to persuade Job to um make things right with God. So Job 22 and verse uh uh 20 22, receive, I pray thee, the law from his mouth, lay up his words in your heart. If you return to the Almighty, which that is that's the name that God is usually known by in the book of Job. When Job's friends refer to him, when Job refers to God, he says Almighty. That's not a very intimate name for God. If you return to the Almighty, you'll be built up. You'll put away iniquity far from your tabernacles. Then shall you lay up gold as dust, and the gold of oper as the stones of the brooks. Do you see the Satan's lie there? Yeah. Turn to the Almighty. The gold will flow again. That's basically what he's saying there. Next chapter, Job 23, verse three. Oh, that I knew where I might find him, God, that I might even come to his seat. I would order my cause before him, fill my mouth, this argument, that this is not just justice. I would know the words he'd answer me and understand what he would say to me. Will he plead against me with his great power? No. He would put strength in me. You guys are pleading against me. You're arguing with me, but God wouldn't do that. He would put strength in me. Verse eight, behold, I go forward, but he's not there. Where is God? I look back, I can't find him. Where is he? On the left hand, where he does work, I can't Behold him. He hides himself. On the right hand, I cannot see him. He's flying blind. But he knows the way that I take. and when he hath tried me, I shall come forth as gold. Yes, sir. Elephas said, "Repent, and you'll get gold." And Job said, "No, I'm going to trust God and I'm going to be gold." Job knows what it's all about. He's not trying to get something from God. He's becoming God's treasure. It is so much more valuable. Just repenting to get something from God. That's not This is not a prosperity gospel. have a relationship with God and you will be Satan's answer. You will be the victory. That's the important thing. So again and again, Job and his friends go round and round here, but he keeps calling, "I wish I had a mediator." And in Job 32, a new man comes on the scene, Eliu. And this is a really interesting guy. You have Elephaz, Bildad, Zofar, and then you have Elihu. Who was this guy? Well, probably the youngest in the group because he speaks last. But his name is the only name that has any representation of God in it. Elephas, Bild, Zofa, they're just Eastern names. But Elahu means he is my God. And Elahu's dad is named Barakel, meaning God blesses. God is coming to Job in his trial. And I look at Elahu as kind of having the ministry of the forerunner because a few chapters later, God's going to come. And you know what? As what Elahu does throughout the book of Job, Job's talking about himself. Everybody's talking about Job. Job's talking about himself. Eli comes along and says, "Hey, we've got the focus wrong Job. Let's stop looking at ourselves. Look at God. Look at God. Elahu was sent to prepare the way because Eloh is going to come going to answer some of Job's questions. He's he's going to speak to the situation. He's going to actually do some correction of Job so that then Elahu stops speaking and Job's looking to God and the whirlwind comes and he's there. I look at the book of Job as a story also of the bride of Christ because from the very beginning God says she's perfect and upright. No fault in her. Yeah. As the bride of Christ goes through life, goes through trials and temptations, there are all these other folks who are there accusing. Ah, this isn't quite right. You're going through hard times because of this, because of that, trying to confuse, trying to get off the path. And she says, "No, I don't I can't I can't defend myself any other way, but I I don't know what I've done wrong, but I'm just going to wait for him because I don't think I've done anything wrong. I'm just going to wait. He's going to come. He's going to come and get me." You remember the story brother Ray tells about the girl and the um the armor u um meat packing uh owner the boy is going to come and he's he's not coming all the other ladies say he's forgotten about you you're not good enough you're just a cook you're just dishwasher he's not going to come no I don't know where he is but he's going to come to get me because I know him that's Job's testimony that's our testimony then Elahu comes preparing the way and Elahu's greatest concern was not to debate Job All of his other friends were wrangling with words. Eloh says, "I'm not going to debate you, Job. I just want to refute one thing about God as you've been saying." Brother Brandham says that after a while from the east comes little prince by the name of El of Elu, meaning he's representing Jesus Christ. First, he begins to straighten Job out about where he'd done wrong and things of accusing God. You know, the arrows of the Almighty are in me. That's an accusation to God. Then when he began to speak to him, not as a sinner, he comes as in love and he's he's not he's not attacking Job. He's just he's not speaking to him as a sinner. Job had said there's hope of a tree if it dies or a flower dies, right? little petals drop off. Is that the end of the flower? No, sir. And Job actually says this before Elahu comes. But Elahu can hear him say that. And Elahu is trying to straighten him out. He said, "Job, you're watching those flowers. They're in God's way. They haven't sinned. There's nothing about them that sin. But man sinned." And that's the reason you don't see him no more when he goes down. When he gets buried, goes down to show. You don't see him no more. But Job, there's coming a just one who will stand in the breach and put his hands on a sinful man, a holy God, and bridge the way and stand in his place, make intercession for him, and then the man shall rise again. Brother Brandham's looking at saying something really special here because Job had been crying out for a mediator that somebody would come. I wish there would be Job calls a days man, an advocate who would stand and be in my immediate. He he's calling out for that, calling out for that. And brother Brenham says Elliu comes along and he tells Job there's going to be one coming. And that's what I want. That's the most one of the most special things in this study. Um let's see here. Let's take a look at Job 33. Ell um Ellie is going to talk about different reasons for suffering. And of course she says some suffering we do uh um cause ourselves. Doesn't mean that it's always sin. But uh um I might overeat and I might get a get sick to my stomach. Doesn't mean I've sinned. But no, Job also says that God can instruct us through suffering and through suffering, God can also keep us from worse things. So in Job 33, Ellie is going to be talking about the pit multiple times and he keepeth back his soul from the pit, his life from perishing by the sword. The man who's going through suffering is chasened with pain upon his bed, the malt of his bones with strong pain. Why is this? One of the purposes for suffering that nobody had seen yet is that God has sent suffering to protect us from something worse. The only teaching about suffering at this time period is bad things happen to bad people. So bad things are happening to you, better get right fast. Ellie says, "No, there's much more to the story than that." One purpose of pain is to protect the soul of man from the pit. Another purpose of pain. This is a um from the apostle Paul. Paul had this uh thorn in the flesh. Lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of revelations. There is given to me a thorn in the flesh. The messenger of Satan to buffet me lest I should be exalted above measure. Another purpose of pain is to preserve us from temptation. And Paul continues to say he Paul prayed three times that this would be taken from him and it wasn't. But God said to him, "My grace is sufficient for thee. My strength is made perfect in weakness." Suffering also helps us draw closer to God so he can teach us. So there's a much bigger picture about suffering. CS Lewis said, "God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks to us in our conscience, but shouts in our pains. Pain is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world. God can get our attention with pain." One uh theologian from earlier days, "It is a greater thing to pray for pain's conversion than its removal." What he means by this, Paul prayed for the removal of the thorn in the flesh. But it was a greater thing to pray for Payne's conversion that this would become I would it would become a conduit of God's blessing because sometimes we do a we we we can go through hard times and we can fight him sometimes. But sometimes this is just a phase God has us through. And it could be more useful sometimes just to say, "Okay, God, I've fought this for a while. I've prayed against this for a while, but Lord, maybe I should stop fighting it and just say, "Lord, what you going to do for me right now?" I remember years back, I had uh um I was going through a hard time. I'd uh I'd asked I wanted to start a relationship with a with a sister and she said no. Like it hurt bad. That just it just kind of dag you turn. It hurts bad. So I went for a walk walk along the around one of the res little reservoir near where we live. I just felt really really bad. Um and as I was kind of praying and thinking um I was thinking through James chapter 1 um but let patience have its perfect work. It would be perfect in entire wanting nothing. And sometimes and as I was praying and thinking about that verse, the mental picture came to me of a guy on an operating table and is having surgery performed. Surgery is not going to be fun. It's not it's it's going to hurt. What if the guy on the operating table starts praying, "God, I pray you would deliver me from this pain. Deliver me from this. Lord, I pray that you would deliver me from these messengers of Satan who are causing me to be hurting." You know what? this guy in the operating table, God is using the doctor to do a work of healing. And sometimes we can be fighting that and praying against the doctor. God, get this. Get the behind me, Satan. It's not Satan. It's the doctor. And sometimes we might just need to sit down and say, "Okay, Lord, you've got me here for something. I don't know how long I'm going to be here, but it really doesn't matter anymore because I've been here long enough. Just take care of it, Lord. And not try to keep jumping off the operating table. Whatever this time of my life is meant for, God, I'm all yours. Just don't take longer than necessary. That's that's kind of the picture that we can pray for. It's a greater thing to pray for pain's conversion than its removal. And Eleuse speaks. Yes, Elfaz, God does speak through dreams and visions. He speaks through our sufferings. But the biggest part of Elahu's message is that God also speaks through a mediator. And Eloh is going to answer in chapter 33 one of Job's biggest questions. He says, "If there be a messenger," and messenger is an angel of the Lord. If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to show unto man his righteousness, then he's gracious unto him and says, "Deliver him from going down to the pit. I have found a ransom." Ransom is a pretty important word because Jesus Christ was our ransom. And the book of Job's hard to read because it's written in poetry. Poetry in translation. Really hard. But what Elohu is saying here, a guy is going through a trial and if to the person who's going through a trial, if a messenger comes to this guy going through a trial, someone who can interpret the trial to him, help him to see what's really going on. If Job had known, Job, the reason you're going through this is so we could give Satan the black eye. That would have made the world of difference for Job. Praise God. But didn't know that. But if there could be a messenger, an interpreter to this one who's going through a trial to show unto man his righteousness, that God's gracious unto him. He says, "Deliver him from going down to the pit." The the messenger comes standing in the breach, standing in the gap. Here's the one who's on trial. Here's God. The messenger comes, one among a thousand. He's righteous. I I'm testifying on his behalf. Deliver him from going down to the pit. God's gracious. I found a ransom. Elohu is speaking about Jesus Christ. It's almost like it's written in code here, but you can see it. This is what brother Brandham is talking about. Everybody wanted to find God down through the age. Job of old only knew where he was. But God was dealing with the saint in this case. There the saint was scrapping his boil, scraping his boils. He looked a lot more like a saint in chapter one than he does in chapter three. But God's not about the outward appearance. He's about character of the heart. Some of his church friends come to him, say with their backs, turn to him. Not much consolation there. But Job wanted to know, "Oh, if I only knew where his where his house was." When a man is hungering and thirst for God, God will draw nigh to the man always. Then when his church members came, couldn't console him, accuse him of being a seeker. Sinner said he'd sinned before God. Job knew he hadn't sinned. He knew he was all right. But then God sent a young man down by the name of Eliu to meet Job, perfect type of Christ. He didn't accuse Job of being a secret sinner. He corrected him without accusing him. That's a pretty great thing. He tried to tell him of someone who would come and stand in the breach in the last days. Put his hand upon a sinful man and upon a holy God and bridge the way. And that is exactly what is talked about right here. This messenger come standing in the gap. He is the ransom. Paul speaks about this very same thing. There is one God, one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself a ransom for all to be testified in due time. Elahu was prophesying. Paul is speaking about the fulfillment. And Elahu goes on, "This ransom is going to come. Deliver him for I provided a ransom for him." Elle goes on, "What happens to the man after he's ransomed his flesh will be fresher than the child's. He'll return to the days of his youth." Sound like a new birth. He'll pray unto God. He'll be favorable unto him. He shall see his face with joy. He will render unto man his righteousness. He will have a new relationship with God. He'll have victory over death. He lookth upon men, and if any say, "I have sinned. If a virgin that which is right, it profited me not." He will deliver his soul from going into the pit, and his life shall see the light. There's deliverance by grace after repentance. So, Eloh has a he has a powerful message. There are other purposes for suffering than just punishing the guilty. God speaks to us in our trials. He speaks to us in our pain. Sometimes that suffering is actually meant to preserve us from evil. And the best thing is Job, if there's a deep calling in the deep. There's got to be a deep to respond. You're hungering for a mediator. There is going to God's already got it. Job. Don't worry about it because there's going to be one. He is going to be our ransom. Death and suffering will be defeated. And let's look at the end of Job 37 as we're finishing this up. And Job chapter 37. Eloh is using nature to speak about um God. And he's talked about how God takes care of the the whole water cycle. That's an example of God using all kinds of uh um God's able to un um to take care of earth and things like that. And then um uh verse at at the end of chapter 37, he's uh let's look at uh like verse 16. Do you know the balancings of the clouds, the wondrous works of him which perfect in knowledge? Um um he's talking about how a storm is going to be coming. how how thy garments are warm when he quietth the earth by the south wind. That's nice. The south wind is nice. Um verse 22. Um fair weather comes from the north with God is terrible majesty touching the Almighty. We can't find him. He's excellent in power and judgment and plenty of justice. He's talking about uh the weather so much and it's almost as he's talking about the weather. The winds this, the winds that Elahu is the forerunner because the very next verse, the Lord answered Job out of a whirlwind. Elahu is just setting the stage for God. And we're going to we're going to close here, but I just want to this is something really special in this verse. The Lord answered Jehovah out of the whirlwind. Almost every time and with one exception up to this point in the book of Job, God is referred to as the Almighty. That's pretty powerful. God can the Almighty can crush things. He can he can just send his arrows through somebody. He can do all these things. But this is the Lord Jehovah. This is the first time Jehovah is being used here. The God who reveals himself. In Job's trial, there's another revelation of God coming. The answer to Job's problems was not an explanation about God, but a revelation from God. God never does explain himself. No, sir. And we always get in trouble when we demand explanations from God. But when God comes, that's a mighty thing. God speaks in storms to Israel on Mount Si to Elijah, to Ezekiel, and he speaks to Job in this storm also. And all that Job can say after God comes because God says, "This is what you asked for, Job. You wanted your day in court. everyone to be have me come before you. And Job isn't the same. I repent in dust and ashes that I have that I have questioned your justice because God is God. God is perfection. An unjust God is an oxymoron. It's impossible for God to be unjust. But the very end of the book um over in Job chapter 42, Job uh gets everything back and not just everything. God meets his own God satisfies his own law. Book of Exodus, if a thief is caught red-handed, the thief has to restore double. So, Satan, he asked, "Can I smite everything that Job has?" God says, "Yes." And God's letting Satan do all this stuff, but only God does in the end. Satan, you're going to have to restore double because God's laws of restoration bankrupt Satan because he doesn't just have to he doesn't just have to return what was taken. He has to restore double. And that happens. He had Job had uh um 7,000 sheep. God gives him 14. He had 3,000 camels. He got six at the end. He had a 500 yolk of oxin. He has a thousand. He has a thousand chia assasses. And he also got seven sons and three daughters. Satan had to restore double. So when we go through trials, we're going to win. We're going to defeat Satan, but it's also a way of bankrupting Satan because he has to restore double. In the end though, Job isn't going to the bank saying, "Man, look at this." Ching, chuch-ching, chuch-ching. I get more oxen, more cattle, more sheep. I get all these things. Ching. This is This is This tribe was a wealth maker. No, it's not at all. To Job, his greatest blessing was knowing God better and understanding his working in a deeper way. So whatever trials we're going through, you can look around us, around the world. God created everything, he keeps it all running. I have a hard enough time keeping my car running, but God keeps everything running. We can trust him. And if it's any consolation to us, Job doesn't know this. He didn't know this. I'm telling you though, we are Satan's answer. We're going through a trial to demonstrate that God is faithful. That we serve God out of love, not because he gives us great things. We have Satan's answer. There's the devil's answer here in this church, in these pews. There's the devil's answer. We are his victory. We are proof of his victory. God's a good God. Though he slay me, I'll trust him. A life lived based upon a relationship with God, not looking after the stuff, but with God that is proof of his victory. And that's what by God's grace, you and I get to be. We're called to serve God just by living a Christian life even when things aren't great. Amen. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, I thank you so much for this book of Job. And there's so much that we can glean that we count him happy which endures. the guy who gives up. We read a story about someone who gives up who can't make it to the end of the battle. He just leaves and like, "Oh, that's you feel so sad because, you know, if you just hung on a little longer, it's so we feel so sorry and sad seeing someone go away in the before the victory." But Job, we count him happy which endures. We've seen the patience, the steadfastness of Job. We've seen the end or the purpose of the Lord. That the Lord is pitiful. He's compassionate. God doesn't answer and wrangle with our words. He answers and speaks to the needs of our heart. I think about Elijah when he feels like he's just going to give up because I've done all this for nothing and my life is a danger. And he goes and brother Bradam says that God sent the angel with the softest hands. And perhaps we're going through a hard time right now. There have been bumps and bruises maybe the personal life maybe in our families. [Music] Elijah felt pretty rough. And God sent this angel with the softest hands, gave Elijah rest, and when Elijah got up the next morning, there was just a nice meal prepared by the fire. There wasn't any kind of debate. It's like, "How could you be so stupid? You just saw God defeat Mount Carmel. Why could you run?" No, he knows that we're but dust. He knows the frailty of flesh. God ministered to Elijah and then sent him back on his way. Encouraged him and Elijah kept on going. I pray Lord that you would send the angel with the softest hands. Lord, touch each heart. Lord, I pray you give us courage and patience, Father. Lord, if there are situations that we go through, there are some situations in life that change fast and there other situations just go on for a long time. I pray Lord if we're in one of those longterm trials that you just help us Father not to jump off the operating table but open our hearts that you just have your way. It's what the Apostle Paul did three times. He prayed against that thing. Finally said, "No, your grace is sufficient for me." Lord, I pray that you would where possible take the pain away. But Lord, otherwise make that pain just a pipeline of your blessing into our lives that we come to know you better. Lord, I pray that you'd help each one of us just to keep going on because there is a destination. We're not seeking blessings in this life. We just want to come forth as gold. We come before you and hear, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." Lord, we live for that. I pray, oh God, that you'd strengthen each and everyone, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. [Music] I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. through it all. Yes. Through it all, [Music] I learn to depend upon his word. Through it all. Yes. Through it all. Yes. Through it all. I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Yes. Through it all. Yes. Through it all, [Music] I've learned to depend upon his word. Well, I've had many tears and sorrows. I've had questions for for tomorrow. There have been times I didn't know right from wrong. If you'd like to stand and worship him. In every situation, God gave blessing consolation. [Music] that my trials, they come to make me strong. And I can say that through it all, [Applause] yes, through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Yes. Through it all. Oh, through it all, I've learned to depend on his word. [Music] I've been a lot of places and I've seen a many faces. Yes. Yes. There have been times I felt so all alone. But it is in that lonely hour, in that precious lonely hour. Jesus let me know. Yes, Lord. I was his own. And I can say that through it all. Hallelujah. Yes. Through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Oh, through it all. [Music] Oh, through it all I have learned to depend upon his word. So I thank God for the mountains. Oh, hallelujah. And I thank him. Could we just thank you? Thank you, Lord. I thank him for all the storms he's brought me through. Because I never have a problem. I would know my God could solve them. I would know what faith and his word can do. That's why I can justify through it all. Through it all. Yes. Through it all. Through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, trusting in the Lord. Through it all, it all I have learned to depend upon his word. Yes, I've learned to depend upon his word. [Music] Hallelujah. Can we just sing maybe just a little beginning of that? I'd rather have Jesus. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I'd ra Oh yes. Oh, let's just let him water that word. Have riches untold. Oh, I'd rather rather have Jesus than house or lamb. Oh, I'd rather be healed by his name. Thank you to be the king of all [Music] may be held his dress way. Oh, I'd ra have Jesus than any this world could afford today. [Music] Oh, for I'd rather have Jesus than men. [Music] I'd rather be faithful to his dear Lord, not rather Have Jesus spend worldwide faith? I'd rather be rather be true to his holy name than to be the king. Oh yes. Oh, your name for be. Oh, I'd rather I'd rather have Jesus than anything than anything. this old world. This whole world and yes today. Oh, thank you Lord. There to be to be the king. Oh sh [Music] I' rather rather haveus than anything. Oh, this soul world cannot hold today. I I want to sing this last line in a minute again. You know, brother Bram says we dare to compare our lives in the church age book with men like Polycarp and others and we look at their lives and say how did they do what they did? How did they stand in the test and the time that they stood in? Brother Ram makes a tremendous statement. He says God gave them supreme faith for the supreme hour. Right. And then he takes it right back down to our lives and says there's a crown of martyr for the martyrs that's given sometimes he said it's for those that they win in that way and it's he said as it applies to us it's a daily striving. We receive a crown of glory and that daily striving just as we sing this right here then to be a king of a vast domain. You you realize that that part of being the answer to Satan's question isn't about what we say. It's about the life that's being lived through us. We can be going right through our job. You get in the car and here you are even on your way to church and you don't feel like it. You don't you'd feel down. You feel everything else just feels like it's going along and and you don't even feel spiritual. But you're walking in obedience to God's word because you trust him. Hallelujah. You love him and that love has produced a trust and right out of your life, this right here is being is sounding out. It's sounding out. That's what Paul said in Thessalonians. He said, "Your faith has sounded out to others." This is being sounded out. Hallelujah. Through our lives. Amen. I'd rather have that. Abraham, how did you feel there when the king of Sodom offered you this and offered you this and offered you this? Abraham said, I don't want to shoe latch it. I've not done anything for any glory, for anything this world can give me. I did it to rescue my fallen brother. What a what a characteristic of Christ was displayed. And in the midst of all that, Satan always has offers he can make. Is that right? Always offers. But I'm so thankful that God is present and God has anchored something in our lives that even as the prophet said when Satan came up near him and he said everything he was saying was the truth. All reasoning was agreeing. And he said, "I was about ready to say if that's how he's going to be. He said, "But there rose up something within me." And the prophet said, "Thank if that new birth hadn't been there." Aren't you glad that the See, the answer is within you. The answer is there. It's Christ. Yes, it is. I say, "Oh, God, like that last statement that brother Raph read, God, like when Paul realized, Lord, I'm not going to pray for pain's removal. My flesh wants to. My flesh wants to. My flesh, your flesh does not like going through trials. But the real reality of it is God's proving his word right through our lives. Lord, give me grace. Amen. Like the prophet said in three kinds of believers, Lord, don't keep them from me, but give me the grace to go through them. Don't you appreciate the Lord this morning? I don't know how you feel. I felt like we had a cliffnotes on the book of Job. [Applause] I so appreciated that. You know, when you no doubt many of you, there's titles of messages coming right to your mind while it's being preached right here. Yes, sir. Because the book of Job, it's the book of a son who's been positioned. Yes, sir. And trials have come. And it's real exemplary of the bride of Jesus Christ all the way through there. And I could tell you how many can testify and say, "God is faithful." God is faithful. If there's anything we want to do within our lives, avail ourselves more in him. Draw strength from him. Because any other resource, any other resource all around outside of him and drawing closer to him, it's empty. Yes, it is. But in him, we find strength. There's purpose. There's consolation. Yes, sir. Don't you love him this morning? My I tell you, I know we say it over and over. You want to know how much he loves us? Look how he come right down among us right through his word this morning. Look how he come and ministered right through his word, right to our hearts. He's so faithful. You know what? It just makes me want to rededicate my life all over again. Amen. It just makes me want to just rededicate all over again. Lord, all to you, Lord. Can we sing this before we're dismissed? than to be the king of your name or beh in his in his dress way. [Music] Oh, I'd rather have Jesus have Jesus than any [Music] this this world can afford [Music] today. Amen. May God bless you. Why don't you shake hands with one another as we sing it again being dismissed that to be the king of Oh may or be held in sway. Oh, I'd ra I'd rather have Jesus than anything. [Music] This world can afford today. I'll not turn my back on him now. I'll not turn my back on him now. You know that song. [Music] Oh, I'll not turn my back on him now. He's given to me everything I have. God gave me my first breath. So I'll give him my last. I'll not turn my back on him now. I'll not turn my back. I'll not turn my back on him now. Oh, he's given to me everything I had. Oh, he gave me my first breath. So I'll give him my last. I'll not turn my back on him now. Curse the Lord and die. She said, "Curse the Lord and die." I'll not turn my back on him now. Oh, my vows were made for good or bad. He's been the best friend that I ever had. I turn my back on you now. Oh, I'll turn my back on him now. Well, he's g to me everything I have. Well, he gave me my first breath, so I'll give him my last. I'll not turn my back on him now. Well, there they go. All Joe's possessions. Everything that he was precious with. Joseph bless the name of the Lord. Friends and family, houses and lands hold things in his hands. And I'll not turn my back on him now. I'll not turn my back on him now. Well, he's g to me everything that I have. He gave me my first breath. So I'll give him my last. I'll now turn my back on him now. Well, there the gold's possessions and everything old joke and precious. But Joseph bless the name of the Lord. Oh well, friends and family and houses and lands. God holds all thing in his hands. I'm not going to turn my back on him now. Well, I'll not turn my back on him now. Well, he's g to me everything I have. Will he gave me my first breath, so I'll give him my last. Will I not? Oh, sing that first verse. first will curse the Lord and die. She said, "You'll curse the Lord and die." But he said, "I'll not turn my back on him now." Well, cuz my vows remain there for good or bad. He's been the best friend that I ever had. I'm not turn my back on him now. Oh yes. Well, I'll not turn my back on him now. Well, he's given to me everything that I have. He gave me my first breath. So, I'll give him my last. Oh, I'll not turn my back on. And now there they go on your possessions. There they go. All your possessions. Everything on Joel precious Joseph. That's the name of the Lord. Oh well, friends and family and houses and lands. God holds all the in his hands. And I'm not going to turn my back on him now. Well, I'll not turn my back. Oh, no. No, no, I won't. Everything I had, well, he gave me my first breath. So, I'll give him my last. Oh, I'll not turn my back on. Well, I'll not turn my back on now. Well, he's given to me everything I have. Well, he gave me my first friend. So, I've been my last. I'll not turn my back on him now. Well, he gave me my first breath, so I'll give him my last. I'll not turn my back on him now. I won't [Music] I won't ask for more. [Music] Oh, give me patience when troubles all I see. Give me a wisdom, Lord, to know what's best for me. Give me a curve. Storms of life and I won't ask for more. Lord, I won't give me patience. So give me patience when trance on this try. Give me a courage to defend the rock. Give me a shelter, Lord, from the storms of life. And I won't ask for more, Lord. I won't ask for more. Oh well, I won't ask for the sky to fall or the darkness to cover the deep. Oh, and I won't ask you to cause the mountain to crumble into the sea. Oh, and all I want is what's best for me. Oh, please leave me till I want no more. And Lord, fill my cup till it overflows. And I won't ask for more. Oh Lord, I won't ask for more. Lord, give me peace when troubles all I see. Lord, give me all wisdom to know what's best for me. Lord, give me a burden. Oh, for a soul in need. And I won't ask for more. Lord, I won't ask for more. And I won't ask for the sky to fall or the darkness to cover the deep. And I don't ask you or to crumble into the sea. And all I want is what's best for me. Lord, please sh me till I want no more. And Lord fill my cup to it over and I won't ask for more. Lord I won't ask for more. Third verse. Lord when trouble fall I see. Lord give me a wisdom Lord to know what's best for me. Give me a burden more for a soul in need. And I won't ask for more, Lord. Lord, I won't ask you for more. And I don't ask for the sky to fall or the darkness cover the deep. And I don't ask you cause my mountain crumble into the sea. Well, all I want is what's best for me. Please sh me till I want no more. Lord, fill my cup till it overflows. And I won't ask for more, Lord. I won't ask you for more. And I don't ask for the sky to fall or the darkness to cover the deep. Lord, I don't ask you to cause this mountain to crumble into the sea. And all I want is what's best for me. Lord Jesus, lead me till till I want no more. And Lord, fill my cup till it overflows. And I won't ask you for more. Lord, I won't ask you for more. Lord, I won't ask you for more. [Music] Yes, I will praise
