################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Why Choose Barabbas - Jeremy Shreiner - Jeremy Shreiner.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    Why Choose Barabbas? - Jeremy Shreiner
Speaker:  Jeremy Shreiner
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 53m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geMJQPwK-1w
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
39:26 - Ministry
1:41:06 - Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh morning for I see you in the sunrise every morning. Oh, it's like a picture that you painted for me. Oh, the letter in the sky. Oh, and story. Lord, I could have had a really different story. Oh, but you came down from heaven to restore me. Oh Lord, you have forever saved my life. Oh, I'll be singing this tonight. Amen. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways and I worship you as long as I am breathing. Oh God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. And let's sing that first verse once again. Oh morning, Lord, I see you in the sunrise every morning. It's like a picture. It's like a picture that you've painted for me. Oh yes. Oh, I love a letter in the sky. whole story story. Lord, I could have had a really different story. Aren't you glad he did this? He came down from heaven to restore me. Oh Lord, you have forever saved my life. Oh, nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. Oh, yes. Send in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. Cuz God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. See the third verse. Mountains. Mountains. Lord, you're breaking down the weight of all my mountains. Lord, even when it feels like I'm surrounded. I know this one thing tonight that he will never leave my side. Thank you, Lord. And nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. Oh yes. And I worship you as long as I am breathing. Cuz God, God, you are faithful and true. Nobody. Oh, nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. Oh yes. And I worship you as all as I am breathing. Cuz God, you are faithful and true. There's nobody loves me like you. Amen. Let's all stand time and let's just sing it once again. He's breaking down the weight of all our mountains. Let's sing it to him tonight. Oh mountains. Yes, Lord. You are breaking down the weight up on my mountains. Oh, and even when it feels like that, I'm surrounded. Aren't you glad he does this? Oh, that he will never leave your side. Oh, nobody loves me like you. Love me, Jesus. Lord, I stand in all of your amazing ways. Yes, Lord. I worship you as long as I am breathing. Cuz God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody God, you are faithful. God, you are faithful and true. There's nobody that loves me like you. Hallelujah. Amen. Can you say that tonight? That nobody loves me like Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for loving us, Lord God. Oh, how we love you, Lord. Amen. How many loves the Lord tonight? Amen. Amen. Man, I tell you, he's he's such an awesome God. He's such a good God, a great God. Amen. So thankful for his presence that we feel already in this place. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, I'm so thankful for that tonight. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We don't have any uh uh prayer requests tonight, but how many knows how many has a need? I'm sure we all do. I I I got my hand raised up, too. We need the Lord. Amen. Amen. I tell you. Amen. Let's just go before the Lord in prayer. Let's open up the service as we open up. Dear kind, gracious heavenly father, Lord, how we just so love you, Lord, and thank you, Lord, and appreciate you, Lord Jesus, for as the song said that Lord, nobody loves us like you can, Lord Jesus, how thankful we are for that, Lord Jesus. And we're so appreciative of it, Lord Jesus. Father, many times Lord Jesus, I know that Lord, my brothers and sisters, we can all say the same, Lord, that we have failed you, Lord, and let you down, Lord Jesus, and Lord Jesus, and no doubt even hurt you at times, Lord. But Lord, you're still there. And Lord Jesus, your your care, Lord Jesus, and that Lord, how much you love us and care for us, Lord Jesus, is so personal, Lord, and how thankful we are for it, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord God. Lord, I just pray that Lord Jesus, those hands that were lifted, Lord Jesus, with needs tonight, Lord, I have my hand raised as well. Lord, I stand in need of you tonight, Lord Jesus. I want a touch from you, Lord. Lord, not just a touch, but Lord, a change, Lord Jesus, in my life and in my heart, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, grant you granted tonight, Lord Jesus. May we be more like thee, Lord Jesus. And Lord, throughout this service, Lord Jesus, help us, Lord, as we, Lord Jesus, enter into worship, Lord Jesus, may we just set aside all the cares of life, Lord. Whatever we're thinking of right now, Lord Jesus, whatever may have been said or done, we ask that you forgive us. And Lord, we just ask that you just have your way, Lord. Because Lord, if you don't have your way, Lord, it just be it just be another meeting with people, Lord. But as long as you're here, Lord, that's all that makes the difference in the world. Oh father Lord I just pray you be with us Lord for you promise Lord you said there's in two where there two or three are gathered together in my name and Lord there's more than two and three in this building tonight Lord Jesus we know you're with us Lord always and we thank you for that Lord I just pray to heal those that are sick Lord save those that are lost Lord fill and refill the Holy Ghost Lord Jesus may pour out your spirit among us tonight Lord Jesus I pray Lord you be with brother Jeremy in the back Lord Jesus may you give him the words of life to speak to us as your peopleord Lord and we so appreciate our brother Lord the gift that you placed in his life Lord Jesus and let's pray to you and anoint him and Lord Jesus I pray that Lord for the musicians tonight Lord Jesus and may uh Lord help us to create an atmosphere Lord Jesus that you may feel welcome Lord Jesus Lord that's what we want Lord for you your Holy Spirit to move freely in this service Lord Jesus and uh let us pray anoint them anoint the congregation and the worshipper Lord we love you we appreciate you and we thank you Lord in Jesus precious name amen Amen. Amen. And the church said, "Amen." Isn't it good to be here tonight? Praise God. Amen. I want you to turn around, shake hands with somebody. Amen. I'm going to I'm actually going to keep you all standing here for a little bit, too. Amen. Praise God. Why don't you fellowship a little bit? Praise the Lord. It's good to be in church, isn't it? My We've had a wonderful meeting so far. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm going to keep you all just standing. Amen. just for a second. We're going to do a little bit a little participation song. Amen. So, we we tried this in the back. We're going to try our best tonight. There's no one like Jesus. So, you just follow the hand motions wherever I do. Y'all feel free to worship God tonight. Amen. That's what we come to do. Hallelujah. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. Oh, there's no one there's no there's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like Jesus. Nobody there's no one there's no one like him. Oh, there is no one there's no one like Jesus. There's no one there's no one like him. I walked, I walked all over, all over. I turned around all over, all over. I searched, I searched all over, all over. And there's no one, there's no one like him. I walked once again. I walked, walked all over, all over. I turned around all over, all over. I search, I search all over, all over. There is no one, there's no one like him. Oh, let's just sing it tonight. There is no one, there's no one like Jes. There's nobody like the Lord. No one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. Nobody. Oh, let's do that once again. I walked. I walked all over. All over. I turned around. All over. I searched. I searched. I searched. Oh, I found one thing. There's no one. There's no one like him. Oh, I can say there's no one. There's no one like you. Hallelujah. There's no one like him. Nobody like Jesus. No one, no one like my Lord. Amen. Amen. We'll get down with you all. I walked, I walked all over, all over. I turned, I turned all over, all over. I searched, I searched, I searched. Amen. Oh, there is no one, there's no one like him, nobody like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like you. Oh, no one like the Lord. Amen. No one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. Amen. No one. Let's try once again. I walked. Oh, I walked. I walked all over. I turned around. I turned around. All over. All over. I searched. I searched all over. I found one thing. There was no one. There's no one like him. Oh, amen. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jes. Amen. [Music] Yes. No one like him. There is no one. There's no one like you. Oh yes. Oh, there is no one. There's no one like him. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's no one like Jesus. Hallelujah. We love you, [Applause] Lord. We're all around. All around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, yes. All around. Oh, all around. Oh, everywhere I look, your love is stirred there. All around. Oh, all around. All around. Everywhere. Everywhere I look, your love is all all around. All around. All around. Amen. Everywhere I look, your love is all. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Everywhere. Everywhere I look, your love is always around. Everywhere I look, love is all around. Everywhere I look, everywhere I look, love is all around. Help me sing. All around. All around. Everywhere. Everywhere. All around. All around. Everywhere I look. Everywhere I look, your love is all the she wants to get old. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh yes, it is. Everywhere I look, your love is Oh, she wants to get old. Everywhere I look, your love is Oh, everywhere I look, love is all around. Oh yeah. All around. [Music] All around. All around. Everywhere I look, everywhere I look, your loving. Oh, just one more time. Everywhere I look, oh, everywhere I look, your love is Oh yes. Everywhere I look, your love is Amen. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. Oh, everywhere I look in love is all around. Yes. All around. All around. Everywhere. Oh yes. All around. Everywhere. Everywhere I look, your love is all around. And everywhere I look, your love is all around. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh yes. Everywhere I look, his love's all around us tonight. Amen. Aren't you glad? Amen. That his love surrounds you tonight. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Well, that was a little participation. I love that. Amen. I just love to sing with God's people. Amen. We'd love to sing with one another. Get to think about it. We get to do this for all eternity. Praise God. Amen. God bless you all. You may have your seats. Amen. We've uh just a couple specials tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Matthew uh has a special for us tonight. So, as he's making his way forward, Amen. Let's sing that song. There is none like you. There is none like you as makes his way forward. You. Nobody else. No one else can touch my heart like you [Music] do. For I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find that there is none like you. One more time. There's none like the Lord Jesus. [Music] Amen. Oh, there is none like you. Is that the truth tonight? Amen. Oh, no one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search. Oh, I could search for all eternity, Lord, and I found that there is none. Bless you, brother Matthew. Amen. [Music] Oh, I am weak and thou art strong. Oh Jesus, keep me from all around. And I'll be sisfied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to him. the cross. Walk with me. Oh, and Jesus is [Music] my daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it [Music] be through this world to stay. Oh, if I falter, Lord, who [Music] cares? Who with me? my burden and chairs. None but thee, dear Lord, none but me. Just a closer walk with [Music] me. Oh, Jesus is my king. The walking comes to me. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Music] When my feeble life is over and time for me will be no more. Oh guide me gently safely away to thy king. I'm sure to thy shore just walk with me. Oh great Jesus is my [Music] kingly walking close to [Music] thee. Let it be dear Lord let it be. Oh, just a closer walk with me. Oh, granted Jesus, it is [Music] mighty. Walking close to me. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it [Applause] be. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Is that your heart's desire tonight? Just a closer walk with the Lord. Amen. Bless you, Brother Matthew. Wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. That's truly our heart's desire tonight. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Uh Sister Aaca has a special for us. Where is she at tonight? Sister Aaca here. She's Oh, she's right over there. I'm sorry. Usually sit in that spot. That's okay. Amen. Well, as she's making her way forward. Amen. We certainly appreciate our sister. Amen. Or gift. Amen. Amen. So, she's making her way forward to sing for us. Let's sing that once again. Oh, just a closer walk with thee. Yes, Lord. Oh, will granted. Jesus is my plea. [Music] Oh well daily walking alone daily. Yes. Oh let it be the dear Lord. Oh well daily walking close to thee. Oh Lord let it be. And dear Lord, let it [Music] [Music] Lord, I've had a to my name. I've had friends that walked away. And I've even lost myself a time or two. Every bridge is crossed and burned. But through all the wreckage I have learned, there is one thing that I can never lose. If I got Jesus, I've got all that I could ever need. Take this world away from me and I'll be okay. If I got Jesus, there's a hope that's there deep inside. A joy that I can never hide. safe place to fall. If I got Jesus, I've got it all. I've seen wings turn to strength. I've seen failures met with grace. And it's not from what I've done. It's Christ in me. A miracle I can't explain. Oh, he's g me his name. I'm the rightest man that I can ever be. I got Jesus. I've got all that I can ever need. Take this world away from me and I'll be okay. I got Jesus. There's a hopeless deep inside that I can never hide. The safe place to fall is my Jesus. I got it all. Someday that trump is going to stand and the king of will come. If I need the light and see my soul, I'm going home. I got [Music] Jesus. I got all that I could ever be. Take this world away from me and I'll be okay. My God Jesus there's a love that I can never hide. We say you face the voice. I got Jesus. I got it all. I got Jesus. I got it all. [Music] Amen. That song ain't nothing but the truth, right? Amen. If I got Jesus, I've got it all. Amen. I love that. It's a beautiful song. God bless, Sister Case. Wonderful job. Appreciate the specials tonight. Amen. Let's give them a hand. Amen. Praise God. Thank you for the gifts and talents and uh thank for the musicians tonight. Amen. Let's give them a hand tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Also want to give one more hand to all our visitors. All of our visitors from brother uh Nathaniel Saias. Amen. Different parts. Let's give them a hand as well. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh. Amen. How many knows tonight that can't nobody do you like Jesus? Amen. Let's sing that tonight. Amen. Can't nobody do us like the Lord can. Amen. Amen. You might want to get up for this one maybe. Amen. Before we turn over, Brother Samuel. Amen. Can't nobody do us like the Lord. [Music] Amen. Oh, I sing. Can nobody do me like Jesus. Oh, can nobody do me like the Lord. Oh, can nobody do me like Jesus. My friend, can nobody Oh, can nobody do me like Jesus? Can nobody do me like your can. Nobody do me like Jesus will be my friend. Oh, he picked me up and he turned me around. Oh, he picked me up and he turned my life around. Oh, he picked me up and he Oh, well, he's my friend. Well, he save my soul and put my name up on the road. Oh, he saved my soul. Put my name upon the roll. Yes, he saved my soul. Put my name up on the road. Oh yes. Oh yes. Well, he healed my body and he told me to run. He healed my body. Aren't you glad? Oh, he heal my body. And he told me to run on. He my friend. Can nobody Oh, can nobody do me like Jesus? I say can't can nobody no can nobody nobody do me like Jesus again. He's my best friend. He picked me up. Oh he picked me up and he turned me around. Oh he picked me up. Oh yes he did. Oh, he picked my life up and then he came and turned me around. Oh yes. Aren't you better? He's your best friend tonight. Oh, singing. Can nobody do me like Jesus. Oh, do me like the Lord. I sing. Nobody, nobody do me like. He's my friend. Well, I'll get joy when I think about what he's done for me. I'll get joy when I think about what he's done for me. Oh, I get joy when I think about what he's done for me. Oh, what the Lord has done. Oh, well that joy when I think about what he's done for me. I get joy. Oh, he's got joy tonight. Well, I get joy when I think about what he's done for me. Oh, what the Lord has done for me. Well, I get joy when I think about Satan under my feet. I get joy when I even put the devil on your foot tonight. Well, I get joy when I think about Satan under my feet. Oh, will Satan is under my feet. Oh, hallelujah. I get joy when I think about how he set me free. I get joy. Hallelujah. Oh, I get joy. Oh, how he set me free. What the Lord, what he has done for me. I'll get joy. Oh, I'll get joy when I think about what he's done for you and me. I'll get joy when I think about. Oh, I get joy when I think about what he's done for me. for what the Lord had done for me. I start rejoicing when I think about the devil under my feet. I start dancing when I think about Satan under my feet. I start dancing when I think about the devil under my feet. Oh yeah. Oh, he's under your feet tonight, man. Let's do that tonight. Well, I get joy when I think about the devil under my feet. I get joy when I think about Oh, I get joy when I think about that devil under my feet. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, let's see. Once again, I'll get joy when I think about how he set me free. I get joy when I think about how he set me free. Oh, I get joy when I think about how he has set me free. Oh, what the Lord has what he has done for me. That's what the Lord has done for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] What a privilege it is to worship the Lord. Amen. [Music] Which lollipop is it? Maybe this one. We have a little meme that we turn around and we, you know, send around. And of course, I don't like to joke around too much, but we'll send around a meme and it's kind of like the has a bunch of birds that look to the back of the church when there's sound problems. So, but I sir appreciate everything they do to make it make it run smooth. And um we're so glad to be gathered tonight in the presence of the Lord. And uh I just believe the Lord has something for us once again. And um so we just want to we want to pull on the gift of God. And we've set aside this this service here tonight. and you know for with young people but I have been a witness myself how God has come through many services that have been with young people in mind and God speaks right to my heart and that's what I've always found no matter where we're at God he's able to speak to us because it's not about big great deep things it's about seeing him and if we can see him in this service and hear his voice and our hearts be open that's That's what it's all about. Amen. And he as he speaks to your heart, just say, "Come, Lord Jesus. Just have your way." Amen. I think what a what a privilege it is. Amen. For the for the Lord just to come among us in a in a time like this. Amen. I believe he wants to do some things for us here tonight. Don't you? Amen. And so, we're glad to have brother Jeremy here with us. And um we just want to pull on the gift of God tonight as our brother would come. Let's sing that song. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. I thought about the song. I really appreciate the specials and I was thinking about when sister Aacia was singing and I thought about brother Ram tells that story about Sarah and Becky on his lap and you know Becky was able to get there ahead of time and she said she said I I got daddy. And little s little little Sarah's lips was quivering. And brother Bram reached out and he said, "Come on over here." And he picked up Sarah and he pulled her close and she said, "Listen, You might have all of daddy, but daddy's got all of me." And that's what we want tonight. It It's precious to have the Lord in our life, but Lord, I want you to have every part of my life. I want you to have every bit of me, Lord. Amen. Oh, I pledge alance to the lamb with all my strength with all I am. And I will sing to honor [Music] his legions to the lamb. Oh, I pledge alent to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will sing to all my [Music] So thankful for your [Music] Father with you, God. We just ask that you would just do this for us tonight, Lord. That you would just bless us, Father. God, that the word would not, we know it won't return void, but Lord, let all of our hearts and minds be centered upon you this evening, Lord. We thank you. And we want to surrender ourselves to you now. And when we leave this place, whether it be a young person, Father, or the oldest alike, it doesn't matter. May our hearts be closer to you by your word. In thy precious, holy name we ask it. Saint says, "Amen." Amen. You love him tonight. Amen. I believe you do. Amen. And just so good to be back in the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. And I'm going to go different because I'm going to save it till the end. I want to dive into this and then we'll we'll have ourselves a youth singing after the after we get through this if if if we haven't been thrown out by then yet. So, um so we're just glad to be here. Man, I've enjoyed the worship. Amen. And the specials. Uh what a what a testimony to see young people come together and worship the Lord. Amen. I I think I have this set up here, brother. I hope I got this all ready to play. There we go. It's working. Uh tonight, um for the ministers that understand this as well, we're going to turn to Matthew chapter 21 first. Uh this morning, I was kind of going in a different direction for tonight. And I'd say 30 minutes or 45 minutes before we left the hotel, the Lord began to direct us this direction, which included slides again. I'm like, why? And uh this is all still new to me. So uh but we pray tonight that it'll be an encouragement to you. There there's going to be words in this tonight that maybe some of you young ones won't understand, but I don't understand them all either. But I I felt led to leave some of these words as we get through this and we're dealing with some situations to try to bring forth the natural and the spiritual side to this. and pray by the end of it uh the Lord will uh have painted a wonderful picture for you. Verse six says, "And the disciples went and did as Jesus commanded them and brought the ass and the colt and put them and put on them their clothes, and they set him thereon. And the very great multitudes spread their garments in the way. Others cut down branches from the trees and straw them in the way. And the multitudes that went before and that followed cried, saying, "Hosana to the son of David. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana in the highest." And when he was come into Jerusalem, all the city was moved. Notice that all the city was moved because of this great cry, saying, "Who is this?" And the multitude said, "This is Jesus, the prophet of Nazareth of Galilee." Uh, you can have your seats. And while you're doing that, I'd like you to turn to Matthew chapter 27 because now we're going to go to a different uh a different situation. Now, we've just come through Easter and uh you know, all the the religious world went through all of the emotions of it all and perhaps doing what they know upon their heart. Even us in our own churches in a sense perhaps have done the same thing. But we're going to be asking a question as you can see already up there is why choose Barabus? So now let's go to verse uh 15 of Matthew 27. It says now at the feast the governor was want to release unto the people a prisoner whom they would and they had then a notable prisoner called Barabus. Therefore, when they were gathered together, Pilate said unto them, Whom will ye that I release unto you, Barabbus or Jesus, which is called Christ? For he knew that for envy they had delivered him. And when he was set down on the judgment seat, his wife sent unto him, saying, Have thou nothing to do with this just man, for I have suffered many things this day in a dream because of him. But the uh chief priests and elders persuaded the multitude persuaded the multitude that they should ask Barabus and destroy Jesus. The governor answered and said unto them, "Whether of of the twain will ye that I release unto you?" And they said, Barabbus. Why were they saying this? We really want to come again down to the the the heart of the matter here. Pilate saith unto them, "What shall I do then with Jesus which is called Christ?" They all say unto him, "Let him be crucified." How did we go from hosana to crucifixion? These are things that we really want to ponder because of how quick the turnaround was. And the governor said, "Why? What evil hath he done?" But they cried out the more saying, "Let him be crucified." So they weren't satisfied. Let him be crucified. And when Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing, but that rather a tumult was made, he took water and washed his hands before the multitude, saying, "I am innocent of the blood of this just person. See ye to it." And last two verses. Then answered all the people and said, "His blood be on us and on our children. God help us." Then released he Barabus unto them. And when he had scorged Jesus, he delivered him to be crucified. So as we take this thought for a minute, let's go back to the beginning, the entrance of Christ. And because I believe this is very important to to really lay this out and we go back to this verse 8 and God help us to understand by the end. And a very great multitude spread their garment in the way. We just read this but I want to just bring this out and that's why I put it on the slide. Others cut down branches from the trees and straw them in the way. And the multitudes that went before that followed cried saying hosana to the son of David. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. Hosana in the highest. So as we as we take a look at this now today, you and I when we sing hosana or we sing hosana, blessed be the rock or we are worshiping God, right? It it's a form of worship. But if we go back uh to to this day, the crowd crying hosana is more than just mere worship. There's actually a meaning to this. You will actually find this in Psalms 118:24 where it says, "This is the day which the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. Save now, I beseech thee, oh Lord. Oh Lord, I beseech thee, send now prosperity." So what this is is this is actually a direct connection to the word hosana. And again, some of these words I don't fully understand. Perhaps you could say it better. But let's look at this. The term hosana originates from the Hebrew phrase as it shows there hosana meaning save we pray or save now as appears in Psalms 118:25 part of the hell prayers recited during Jewish festivals uh like Passover or sukot when the crowds shouted hosana during Jesus's entry into Jerusalem the Greek text reflects the Hebrews term of the dual significance here so as we're looking at This this was literally when they're crying hosana. This was a literal plea of a call for divine rescue. This was not just an aspect of hey here he comes. Let's worship him. Let's give him ad adoration. But actually this is them crying out you have come to save us. Hosana save us. Save us. the the messianic praise by the time of Jesus it had become an exclamation of joy and reverence for the anticipated Messiah. So by this time they were looking for someone to come and to save them to take them out from their problems to get them from that rulership of the Romans. So thus in the Greek context of the gospels, hosana functions as a bridge between Hebrew tradition and Christian worship, embodying both a cry for deliverance and celebratory acclaim for Jesus as their savior. So if we can just say this carefully, there was a misunderstood coming. They misunderstood it. Notice what the prophet says here. He says, "Now Jesus had come." Now, I only have a portion of this quote here and I'm going to go through a little bit more. Jesus had come and he had proved to the people by every means. How many can say that Jesus proved the scriptures? So, there was nothing out of it, right? He fulfilled everything that the scripture said. I want you to understand where the hour that you're living in, scripture is being fulfilled. This is not just us trying to to force the scripture, but this the word of God is being fulfilled. Now many of them had drawn the wrong conception of his coming and that's the reason he was misunderstood. He says pardon the expression but that's the reason tonight he's misunderstood. They draw the wrong conception of what he is. Says now I believe while I was standing there I heard my associate here read the scripture of saying and the campaign themes are always Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever. And he quoted it in Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now when he come they when he came they the great group of Israel was certainly eyes open wide looking for a messiah. So they were actually looking for a Messiah. I want you to understand that they they were looking for it but they were looking for him in the way they had been taught. that he would come. He says, "Well, now any good spiritual thinking or even intellectual thinking person would know that he did not come contrary to the scriptures. He'd come contrary to the understanding of their scriptures, not contrary to the scriptures." But they had been taught by their teachers in such a way that the teachers had the wrong conception of him. Listen, the further we get away or the further we get closer, the closer we get to a rapture, you begin to see this. We need to be careful with what we're listening to and what we're putting our ears to in our conception of it. Right? So, but they had been taught this way and and may I not, he says, and may I not hurt feelings by saying this, but perhaps it could be that way again. You know, if he is the same yesterday and today and forever, he probably will come a little different than what we are expecting him to come. You ever went to a service and he came different than we expect? Absolutely. He's just being who he is. So, we cannot just put God in our own personal box. Right. Even in even in youth meetings, in youth camps and youth situations, we cannot put them in what we perceive is a youth box. God wants us to grow. So there was a misguided expectation. So I want to ask, what expectations are we leading our churches and youth to? What are what expectations are we what are we telling them about the word? What are we telling them about the Holy Ghost? What it will produce. Right. Amen. What will the Holy Ghost produce? It produces more than a reaction. It produces a life of character. The character of Christ, not the character of a father or the Listen, I want to say if there was anybody that was as close as we could put it to it, we would understand that it would be the prophet of the hour. But I want to even go beyond that character. I want the character of Christ, not putting him down. You follow what I'm saying? So listen, don't just be looking to a man even though we look just as we look to Paul and we look to all of these things. And we're thankful for the leadership of the Lord because we needed that in this hour. Not just needed, we still need it in this hour. But young people, we cannot just be led blindly. We've been led with open eyes so you can see it for yourself. Listen, you have I don't care if you're seven years old, 8 years old, or however old you are. If God opens it to you, it's for you. Not to just have a misguided e expectation. Could it be that we become too political in the pulpits or too legal or too loose or our own convictions and a lot of times we look at legalism and we put it upon a personality or we put it too loose. Somebody says that somebody's too loose and actually it's just because of our own convictions. See the message is not your conviction nor is it my conviction but it's the word of God alive. All I can say is this. Whatever put put goes between you and God is a problem. I'm just going to simplify this. I've always done this. How many's ever played the game Uno? Okay, so that's not a a bad thing in the East. Okay, good. But you know, Uno and you always have that one person that always gets the lucky of drawing all the the the draw four cards and but you're the one that ends up with 16 cards and and I just that's always seems to be my luck. But and so there's literally nothing wrong with that game. But if that game takes the place of God, if all you can think about is that game, then that game becomes wrong. You see, we have just put it to worldly things that we've been that have been preached about in the pulpit and and we we can definitely say drinking and smoking and cussing and pornography and all of these things. Oh yeah, they're wrong. They're for absolutely. But anything even our own opinion, if it's put in between you and God, it becomes wrong. Amen. So uh so here we find they had a misguided expectation in a sense they they looked at him as the political messiah. Many Jews in Jesus's day longed for a military political liberator to overthrow the Roman oppression. Someone like Judah Makabe uh in 190 to 161 BC. He took back the temple of Jerusalem and continued fighting for political and religious freedom. Listen, I'm not saying what he did was wrong because he got the temple back. This temple takeback is where Hanukkah comes from. So, he did a good thing. But in the Jews conception, they were looking for that type of Messiah, one that would come and would take away their problems and give them back that land fully. And when they cried hosana, they were likely invoking Psalms 118's hope for a king who would restore Israel's earthly uh power. I want you to understand. So, so there was this misconception here. He is, he's going to be like this guy. We've got the temple back. And you know, Rome even got to a point where they allowed them to still have their religious worship. And they naturally were not content with that. They wanted more. And here comes Jesus. And though the scrolls and the scriptur had been taught Jesus is going to do this, they thought he was going to come. But what did Jesus do? He deliberately upset their expectations. For he entered Jerusalem humbly on a donkey. Also quoted in Zechariah 9:9. So, he didn't come in with a with a military rulership as they wanted. I mean, listen, our Messiah should be coming in on a chariot. He should be bringing soldiers with me. They should have some swords and ready to cut some heads off. I know that's brutal, but that's that's what they were wanting. But then he preached the kingdom that is not of this world. They were looking for the kingdom of this world. And he said, "No, that's not what we're here for. I'm not here to make your life better." Hold on. The Holy Ghost was not given to you young people to just make you have a good life. And to become content with this life. I mean, what is the point of it? We want out of here. Why would the Holy Ghost come to make you content with everything? That's not what it's there for. And he rejected armed rebellion, which we we find in Matthew 26:52. Remember when he when uh uh Peter took out that sword and cut that ear off? No, we're not doing that. Put it back. That's not what I'm here for. But you've already read it. His mission was spiritual liberation from sin and not a political revolution. Then why are we trying to turn to a political revolution? We're not here for that. We're here for spiritual liberation. We're here to teach our children and to get our young people to say, "Listen, don't do these things. We don't want to just wait till you do it and then give you deliverance. We want you to grow up and know, don't fall for these things. Don't do as I did. It's like we're just sitting back and say and waiting uh uh for for failure to happen because well, they're going to fall anyways. That's not the case. Let's lead them and guide them with the baptism of the Holy Ghost to that spiritual liberation. God help us with that. So, we find as in the previous quote, Jesus went completely against this thought. Jesus deliberately upset these expectations and the deliberate and prophetical occurrence had brought, catch this, a negative unity. Well, lurking for unity, right? Okay, Satan's like, "Well, I'll give you a unity." Yeah, but it becomes a negative unity that would bring the course of history to one of the saddest days coming to the most glorious. You see the crowd's dramatic shift. Notice that. How quick was it? How quick did it go? He's the guy to crucify from acclaiming Jesus as the Messiah Palm Sunday to demanding his crucifixion on Good Friday indeed reflects here it is here's some words that you may not understand but I'll I'll put them up here in a minute reflects the dynamics like a phenomenon called deindividuation also known as herd mentality. How many people actually wanted to cry crucify? But because they were a part of a group, they had put themsel with that group, it became a herd mentality. Notice there was such a worship and an appraise and an adoration. He is and then it got to the the city and because there was this there was literally a move in the city. Who is this guy? Why are we saying he's the Messiah? So now everyone thinks he's the guy and then we come to this where we go from, hey, he's the guy to because we have this de-individuation or herd mentality, they would eventually cry out for the life of a murderer over the life of a lifegiver. So what is this? The thoughts of de-individuation. This occurs when individuals in a group lose their sense of personal identity and accountability leading to behavior they might not engage in alone. And this is often fueled by anonymity, heightened emotions or group cohesion. So you come together, they were there, they were worshiping, they were a part of it. And because of that, they begin to lose their identity. Listen, I'm glad that we've got young people sitting up here. That to me is a a beautiful thing. But each and every one of these young people have to have their own personal relationship and identity with God. God help us to to to bring this to bring this home in this. So what do we find? So because of this then there is a loss of self-awareness. Individuals in a group may feel less aware of themselves and their own actions because a person is so engrossed in what the group is doing and being a part of their own self-awareness suffers. What you would do by yourself out there or even if you were a young person or a father or mother sitting in a pew with no one else here. If we're not careful, we change based upon the group. They follow the crowd no matter what the size. You can look at this in youth camp in in youth camp emotion as it can play a huge role in this. You might think that I'm against those things. I'm absolutely not. I just don't want the young people to lose their identity. We're not just doing it because someone else is doing it. We worship how the God has placed it upon our hearts. Listen, not everyone worships the same. Somebody may uh uh be all over the place and it's coming from the heart and you may just want to stay right where you're at and it's coming from your heart. Well, by all means, be that way without a critical spirit. Instead of trying to get everybody to do the same thing to where it's group cohesion, if we can just have group, then we've lost our self-awareness. And when we lose our self-awareness, we don't know who we are. When you get amongst your friends in school, if you're not careful, you lose self-awareness. Or on the job, you lose self-awareness and it becomes group. Listen, that's what everybody wants to do. Come together. Let's unify. I mean, I mean, shouldn't that's what we're doing in this age today, right? We want unity, don't we? We've got to be careful with that because if we're not careful, it turns into loss of self-awareness. And then when this happens, we have reduced accountability which is the perceived anonymity or self a loss of self can lead to a decrease in personal responsibility for their actions. You can see this in road rage or online warriors. You have anonymity. I will say that word so many times I'll probably mess it up tonight. And if not brought under control feeds power to the rage. People will do in their car what they will not do to your face because I'm behind the wheel. They don't know who I am. There's a lot of uh uh uh what do you call those Christian fishes on the back of the cars? I think they lost their Holy Ghost or they bought someone else's car. I don't know what it is, but they reduce their accountability. It becomes easy to Oh, I'm going to get them back. Oh my. And then we have group identity. Individuals may identify more with the group's norm and values potentially leading to behaviors that would be unusual for them as an individual. I want to say this. I believe it's good. And and I even seen it in my my kids. My kids had got to a point to where uh and if they're watching you, you're gonna get talked about, Eli and Ethan, wherever I go. So, good luck. You know, I had seen it to where they had kind of gone into a shell where they were by themselves and and they needed to be pulled out from that. And so, taking them to youth camp helped them come out of it. So, there's good in this, but you cannot lose your self-awareness. what God how God has created you. Think about this with Ananas and Safire and their motivation because in Ananas and Safire there was such a mighty move during this time that you know if you if you look about it everyone was selling what they had and they were giving to the church they were giving because of the move of God. And if you look at the scripture you don't find where they were begging for it. They were not asking for it. There was such a move people were wanting to do this for the cause of Christ. Right? So then you find this because this is a good group thing. We look at this of Ananas and Safire's motivation in craving acceptance, their desire for status. You see, because the couple sold their property, but secretly kept part of the proceeds while claiming to donate everything. Their lies stemmed not from greed alone but from a desire to be seen as equals in the group to gain the honor according to Barnabas without the same sacrifice. So the tragedy of Ananas and Safire highlights attention. A healthy community fosters accountability and mutual care, but toxic conformity stifles honesty and grace. You see, the early church's response to this situation, severe but purifying, ultimately strengthen its witness. So when you have a healthy community within the church, that's necessary. So I'm not saying that you that you should uh always uh pull yourself away from the assembly. No, the having the proper move of God in the church is healthy. But if it becomes oppression or toxic conformity, it'll stifle honesty because we're not here to to to be like the Joneses. That's right. I don't know if there's any Joneses here, but that's just an old statement. We're not here to be like this one or that one. Listen, uh uh if it's only the widow's might, give the widow's might. You see, so it's not about conforming to what someone else does, but from your heart. So notice this this crowd effect on Palm Sunday, the crowd's exuberant praise. Hosanna was collective expression of hope with individuals caught up in the fervor of me of the messianic expectation. After all, they have been taught there would come one, but most likely conviction taught instead of word taught. I want that to sink in. Conviction taught instead of word taught. Because there's a lot of people that have convictions and they're okay. Or personal convictions. Listen, I'm not knocking personal convictions. If you have a personal conviction, perhaps you need that personal conviction to keep you in your straight and narrow. But you cannot always push your personal conviction on the next person. I get it. We're not here to offend our brother and and and I'm not here to put things in front of you that would hurt your feelings. You understand what I'm saying? But because it had got to such a point where their perception of the word and their thought of how it would be then caused this this this big uh uh frantic uh hosana this is the guy and then before you know it by Friday the same crowd same crowd think about it crucify hosana to crucify here anonymity in the mob combined with agitation from religious leaders eroded moral reasoning and enabled the shift towards violence. They weren't violent one week before. In fact, this was the guy. But now because the same herd mentality they had here moved to this and now they were now they were let down. Hey, I thought that if I came to church, everything would come together. That's not what he said. That's not what was preached. You heard the wrong word. And now that we've come to the situation, people become violent. Then by this, they are offered what would be the most ridiculous offer on any other day. any other day. If they were by themselves and they had Jesus, the one who fed the 5000, the one who opened the blinded eyes, the one who did these things, if they were one-on-one with him, I believe they would not have perhaps cried this. We're talking about the crowd in general. We know the Pharisees and all of these things, what they were wanting in their desires. But I'm trying to bring us to an understanding that a lot of times we base our decisions based upon c being caught up in something. All right. Notice. So, I I want to I want to kind of bring this. The the life of a murderer or the life of a healer in in your right mind, what would you say? I want the healer, man. Give me the healer. Let Let Barabus stay where he's at. We're going to get to something about Barabus in a moment, though. So, let's bring this into a little little uh something that that I I ran across in France. France was reeling from a documentary. Oh, here I go. I can't say that with Hannah. She doc documentary. Thank you. It's not a documentary. It's a documentary. They were reeling from a documentary about a psychological experiment disguised as a game show. So, this whole thing is a disguise. Researchers stage a fictitious reality show to see how far people would go in obeying authority, especially if television reinforces that authority. Now, the disturbing result alarmed the French. Hopefully, it alarms all of us. So here they created this game show and the fictitious game show had all the trappings of a real TV quiz show including a beautiful and well-known hostess and a a very rockous uh audience if I said that right. So an audience that is a Ford and they're they're ready to go and a group of contestants posed questions to a man sitting inside of a box in front of them in an electric chair. So perhaps you've heard this before. So here we find this this whole crowd is a is is in this and the hostess and a chanting audience urged the players who had levers in front of him. So each player had a lever in front of them to send jolts of electricity into the man in the box when he gave an incorrect answer. Even when the players screamed out in pain for them to stop, 80% of the contestants kept zapping him. I want that to sink in. In reality, the man in the electric chair was the actor and wasn't really being shocked, but the players and the audience did not know that. And we look at this uh this uh documentary makers say reality television relies increasingly on violent, humiliating, and cruel acts to boost their ratings. And they say they simply wanted to see if we would go so far as to kill someone for entertainment. And they continued the supposed game of death. until this is the real guy sitting here. Until under the pressure of the game, one person pushed long enough to what supposed was to kill the man. In his mind, he thought it was real. But he became so filled with that mentality and so caught up in that moment. Come on, let's bring these two ties together. He says, now this is this is the man that said this. He said, 'I wanted to stop the whole time, but I just couldn't. I didn't have the will to do it, and that goes against my nature. He said, "I haven't really figured out why I did it." So, think about this. A higher percentage of participants willing to shock the subject shows that the manipulative power of television further increases people's willingness to obey. I don't want you to just get hung up and think I'm speaking about television because this goes well beyond that. The the day after the talk shows ruminated over the documentary, comparisons were being drawn to the manipulation of the masses in Nazi Germany. One of the game show participants, I just read it, talked about his haunting experience, saying that he wanted to stop, but he pushed it so long until they finally said, and this man acted like he died. And in the footage of the game show, the hostess yells, "And you've won." After this actor leans over as if he was dead, what have we won by losing our personal relationship? The host. So, as this guy makes this decision, the host then counters. He says, "You know, I actually pulled up the footage of you supposedly pumping 460 volts of electricity until the actor pretended to be electrocuted. But it sure didn't seem like you were stopping. What happened? It became to such a condition, being so caught up in being to push something. The peer pressure being all around it. Hey, guess what? They're doing this. They're doing this. I'm going to win. And before you know it, somebody was crying crucify. When one week before we were in worship, we were at youth camp. Hold up. I want that to really sink in. Notice what he says here. Brother Brandon makes a statement. He says, "And the blind traditions or systems could not see that that was God by their own prophet that who the word came to that said he would be God." The blind system. So they had rejected the word and desired a murderer. Instead, Barabus The sheep being led to the slaughter. Jesus's way of leadership was not ingrained in the human mindset. They wanted blood and he would not bring it through the Romans. Instead, he gave them his. They wanted the Romans blood, but he gave them his blood. They were crying, "Listen, you're the guy that's going to take me from these problems, and you're the guy that's going to avenge us of all of the wrongdoing and all of the hurt feelings and all of the times we were thrown in jail for no reason. You're the guy." And he says, "No, I'm not that guy." They could not see it. And many in the crowd expected Jesus to declare himself as his polit political liberator when he instead submitted to the arrest and refused to resist. And then their unmet hopes turned to rage. And what is this? This is a psychological response to cognitive dissonance. So what is it? clinging to Barabus, his violent resistance as a safer alternative. I want that to sink in. Now, if you look at history in general, the Romans did not imprison anybody that was their own. So, Barabus was actually a fighter and a resistor for Israel. And because of their and because of their disappointment and because Jesus just turned himself in, basically it exploded their mind and and because of their desire for blood, Barabus became the safer bet. What does this even mean? This cognitive dissonance it is a psychological phenomenon occurs when people hold conflicting beliefs or values or when their actions contradict their beliefs leading to discomfort and a drive to reduce inconsistency. Okay, let me make this that goes every over everybody's head even mine. So let me just bring this out. It's like smoking despite knowing the risks. A person who spokes despite being aware of the health and spiritual hazards might rationalize their habit by saying it's just one or I'll quit eventually. So they know the risk yet they're willing to go this route. They knew the risks of what they were doing by calling Barabus. But because of their frustration, because of their desire to uh to have their needs met, they were willing to go with the risk. You can also look at this in peer pressure. A teenager might engage in risky behavior such as drinking and smoking or whatever it is to fit in with their peers even if they know it's wrong. Look at Peter himself who said, "I'm not going to deny you." Listen, you're sitting here now and you're like, I'm going to be a believer. I'm going to do these things. But when you are put with those of the world and you're put under that pressure, Peter before uh uh before the Holy Spirit in his life denied the Christ under pressure. Think about this. What did they say? They got so much into a condition and knowing the risk they said then answered all the people and said his blood be on us and our children destroying the lives of their children based on mere frustration. They were willing to give their children's lives. And how many lives today are being destroyed as young people are calling for Barabus because it's the easier life. And we don't care about the consequences. I've heard this before. I don't care about the consequences. I this is just how I feel. I want to sew my wild oats or however you want to say. This is the way I want to go and this is what Listen, I I'm going to say this with all of my heart. I don't believe that we have time for prodigals. And you say, "Are they not going to come in?" No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying, don't give it a second thought. Don't let his blood be on our hands. I got to care about those consequences. I want to care about those consequences. And think about what he says. What will I do with Jesus called the anointed word? You've heard it. You know it's the truth. It's thoroughly vindicated. He says, "A murderer? Why would you desire a a a denominational murder of the word than the innocent Christ? Would you crucify? Would you dare take Barabbus? Could you call for a Barabbus? How dare anyone do that to call for Barabbus, the murder of the word, than to take the word itself, which is life. Notice he says, "And it's on your hands." Right. And I like this is uh to think about how he got this thought of what shall I do with Jesus called Christ. He says when I heard of the murder of President Kennedy, this message fell on my heart. I thought what will that man do? And no way out of it now. He might awoke by by this time and realized what lays ahead. He says and you're going to you're going to awake sometime here or on the tape wherever you're at. You're going to awake sometime, sinner, and realize that there's blood on your hand. Notice, notice the seriousness he's putting in the people and the blood of the son of God, and you're guilty of murdering him. Uh your sin murdered him. Your unbelief u uh in his word, your failing to see his identification grieved away the Holy Spirit. Notice he said to see his identification. Listen, he wants you to see who see him as he truly is. Not in the perception of a man or perception of a of a conviction or but how do I really see him? How do I really do I really know who Jesus is? Is he is he personal to me? And he says, "What will I do with Jesus called Christ?" Pilate said he had been placed in his hands and the blood of Jesus Christ is placed again on the hands of this congregation. and it's placed on the hands of the nation and around this world where these tapes has been and the things that's been vindicated and proved of God. Now, what will we do with that with this Jesus that's called the same yesterday, today, and forever? We'll skip down a little bit here. Says we must face the facts that he's on our hands because we've seen him in his word. We've seen him a vindicate himself and we know that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Listen, he did not come to just give us better things and to make us feel good and to make us have the the, you know, all the funny feelings and all of those things. He did not come to to to make everything come politically together and to be the best church and the greater church and the best ministry and the best pastor and the best youth group and the best all of this and that. Listen, I remember going through that being a small church myself where where we're at and and I remember starting to travel around to places and then social medias uh explodes with all kinds of testimonies coming from other different churches and and I begin to get discouraged within my heart and just say, "God, uh I there's nothing happening here. I know you've never went through that." And then God began to deal with my heart and and I began to remember this miracle and this thing that God had done and see this salvation brought to this one and this one and this one and all these things. And God began to remind me. He says, "Why are you looking out there? Look what I have done for you. Come back to this situation. I don't want to be Israel and be caught up in the crowd and the further of all of those things and lose my identity. I'm not here to preach the way you want me to preach or to teach the way you want me to teach. Brother Samuel's not here to do it. Brother Nathaniel, Brother Randy, and all all the ministers that may be here. We're here to go as God has called us to go and to go that way and to not just and and to not have an attitude that we're better than anybody or or or or any of these things, but say, "God, what do you want from me? If I'm going to preach to one or if I'm going to preach to 500, if I'm going to stay in my local body, let me do this. Let me respect the ministry that I've been put under. Let me respect the ministry that God has called in this day. Young people, don't be looking around. Focus on what God is doing for you in your local body. God will bless you for doing that. God has something for you. But the problem of it is is we're always looking around for something better. Look at what God is doing for you. God gave you a wonderful church. God gave you a one wonderful leadership. And that leadership may make mistakes, but guess what? The one that you're looking to is doing the same thing. Because there's no perfect pastor. There's no perfect evangelist. There's no perfect apostle. There's no perfect prophet you in in that that realm. You know what I'm talking about. There is no perfect anyone but Jesus Christ. And he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I want to come back and not choose Barabus because it feels better or looks better. It's shiny. It's glittery. It's all kinds of things. Listen, everyone's doing it. It doesn't matter if everyone's doing it. And I'm not talking about worldly things. I'm bringing it back home to this message. We are I don't people don't get caught up in trying to find the next big thing. You're going to if you're not careful, you'll start crying for Barabus. We're not here for better financial gain or better worldly friends or even friends in this church. What if God never never gave you a friend in the church? What does the scripture say? He is a friend that's sticker closer than a brother. I've seen friends in the church literally talk themselves out of blessings. Wow. I told my my my my my boys this and I said, "Listen," I said, "I grew up sitting in the same pew just like you are right now, sitting next to a brother. I don't know if y'all are all related or not. I have no clue. But I sat in the pew with my friend, grew up with him, stayed the night with him. We would come under the same leadership of the same uh word as it were from our pastor, Brother Clark, and the the same anointing." And and I'm thinking, God, the same thing that I heard. And yet over half of them walked away from God. And I look at that and I say, "Brother, how do I deserve this?" I don't. I'm thankful that that there was those that saved. And I want to say this, I still haven't given up hope on them. I haven't thrown the towel in on them. As long as there's breath in their body, I still am praying for their souls that they come in. But we can't become so attached to the person sitting next to us that if we start listening to them over the word of God and they may be a close friend and they be may be somebody that was raised in the same church and you've known them for 10 years, 15 years or 20 years. It doesn't matter. That's right. Hold to Jesus. You be the light that shines. You be the one that holds on because you never know when you might be the one that will help him out. This is why the question is, what is the Barabus in our life? What is it that thing that is calling at us and drawing at us? Have we got so caught up to where we're pushing that lever and we're thinking we're doing the right thing and we're thinking we're going the right direction, but really we're following a crowd. Can you choose tonight what it is? Because I want to ask this question. What is it in a sense worth? What is worth missing out on the resurrected Savior? I have come to give you life. Why choose Barabus? Why choose death? Why be separated eternally when his arms are wide open saying, "Here I am for you. Here I am to give you everything that you'll need. You're going to go through some hard times. You're going to go through struggles. You know, I know of people who uh who are I would still call them young, but they're quite a bit older who are not yet married and they struggled with trying to find the right one. And listen, Satan will always throw them at you. Right, he'll always throw them at you. So, make sure our hearts are in tune to God. Oh, Lord, I I wish that I could preach this tonight on how I feel and how I want these young people to be so sold out to God. Listen, that it becomes more than religion. I sat on that pew and I held my Bible. I did the right part. I remember following somebody and and and the way this individual uh uh you know, sealed up the Bible and put it in there, I did that. I walked like them. I talked like him. and and and I prayed and I and I wanted to be like him and and then before you know it, I moved to this person and and I and I imitated this and I imitated that. It's okay for that imitation at a certain age, but after a while, you need to start knowing Jesus for yourself to where you don't just move uh uh uh from one situation to another situation based upon your circumstances. Because I hate to say it, life is not going to turn out like you think it is. You're not all going to be a hero. I didn't know I was going to be a plumber, and I'm not getting into that tonight. I didn't know, but I was I was in some pretty bad situations. I didn't know what what was going to happen in my life. I wanted this type of life. I wanted this. And how many disappointments have come my way? And disappointments will come your way. And situations will come your way. I'm going to tell you the tell of two stories. Can I go just a little bit further on these two stories? I'm going to tell you the tell of two different stories. And I don't know if anyone's listening back at home, but uh I just feel led to bring this out. Anyways, so we had a situation years ago of a young couple who had who had just gotten married and and they were uh uh they they were pregnant for their first child and uh I don't know how far along they were. I don't know. May do you remember Hannah? Whatever that means. 17 or 18 weeks. That seems like a long time to me. I have no clue. But anyways, it was a long time. She definitely was showing. And and and I'll never forget this, brother Samuel. I was to speak that that I would believe it was a Sunday night when we were still having church on Sunday night or maybe it was a Saturday and I was praying on the front row and and just all of a sudden something began to come all over me. I be just cry out for no reason. I don't know what it was, but I was just crying out in agony. And 30 minutes later, uh, as they were on their way to church, they were one block from our church and someone ran a stop sign and and and that stop sign, it killed killed the child inside of the womb. And I will never forget, it was my first experience as a pastor to go and to be with that family and she had to give birth to that child. and and to hear the cry of that mother and that and and to hear the burden of that mother and that father and crying out to God, God, please bring this child back to life. Please, I'll do anything. I'll do this. And there was just this agony for days. And and and then you just you think about sometimes you sit back, you're like, "God, why? Why is this happening? What what can we do? I believe you're a miracle working God." And it seems like everybody's faith just begins to turn to that situation, but nothing ever happened. But I want to say this, that couple is still serving the Lord and now has two beautiful young ladies. You see, a lot of times we're only looking to the miracles of the healing and the and the supernatural. But listen, to me, it's supernatural to be able to go through dark times like that and still hold on. If we only point out all of these things and you become the individual that goes the other way, how are you going to feel? We need to be honest that God works in both sides. Cuz if we're saying over here where everything is all the cancers always fall off and I'm all for that. But if that's all we're pointing to and that's the miracle and that's the thing, then we're actually negating the fact about all those people who died at the stake. That's right. And seen their children killed before them and saw a sunder. Listen, we need to go back to the horror of these times and remember that was ugly times. Hallelujah. Yeah. And if all we're pointing to is this, we forget this. Then what about when you go through something? Well, why? I guess God doesn't love me. Because he loved them enough to do this. I want to remind you young people and each and every one of us that we're not immune to tragedy and situations. That's why you got to know where you stand. That's why it can't just be a crowd mentality and caught up and I'm all for those things and I'm all for getting excited with that crowd. But listen, I've seen the miracles tonight. Listen, it excites me to hear the testimony of our brother singing. Maybe I I Is that okay? It's okay. I'm looking at you and I done forgot your name, but Paul, brother Paul, I was I had it before you said it, but you get behind here sometimes. To me, that's a testimony to get behind here to worship God and to not have a care in the world of what Satan thinks about it. Let them say what they want to say. Keep worshiping God. I don't care what the world says about it. Keep worshiping God. It may not be the way you want it to be, but it's the way God called him to be. And that's the thing we've got to look at. I can't make you be like me and vice versa. God. And then you turn to the other side. We had a miracle of ourselves. And this is where I begin to say, "God, why this?" You uh I don't know if any of you met my little girl, Evelyn, but she's uh 8 years old now. And I will never forget uh one uh the day it was on a Sunday afternoon. And here we go again asking the question to my wife. How far along were you, dear? Who? All right. 20 weeks. That's not a who, but that's a question. 20 weeks. 20. She's 20 weeks. So that at 20 weeks, her water broke on a Sunday afternoon. We go to the hospital. And of course, when you go to the hospital, a lot of times doctors and nurses, they see so much they've just become hardened. And so we come in and they're hardened. They're just like, "Oh, nothing's wrong with you. You know, you're this, you're that, and uh you you're just somebody that's coming in and just being all nervous about the situation." And we go in there and they do the test and they find out that it is the fluid. her water had broke and it had been uh for some hours now and I'll never forget that moment sitting in that hospital and or my wife's laying down and I'm standing next to her and we held hands and we just looked at one another and since we don't know where where we're going to go from here but we trust the Lord and I just felt to to text some of my my my brothers and sisters ac across the message and just say would you please pray for us and that the will of God be done. Amen. And so we begin to pray and after this prayer, we begin to get text message coming in about uh uh you know, God did something here and God did something there. And it's good to hear that, but we're still here in this situation. And they kept doing test after test and I don't know if it was two hours in and basically everything showed and and so they immediately turned from their sourness to it'll be all right. It'll be okay. there's no hope for the child. So, uh, you know, they changed their attitude towards us because in their mind that was all there was to it. I don't know what it's called, but she had gone beyond something. What do you call it? Okay. When she she looks at me like that, she'll remember later. Anyways, be gone gone beyond the point where there was no hope that the child could not be born. What viable? Wasn't viable. Whatever that means, but I said that for y'all sisters to get the the the message and they changed their reaction. And so it had been come at such a point in time and then after all the testimony started coming in and the prayers began to come in, they came in and they did one last test. And of course, you know the ending of the story, but I'm just getting through it. And that one last test they did showed no signs of the fluid anymore. No signs. And they're like, "Well, that's very odd. We we need to come in there because there had been so much fluid lost that there's no there's not going to be any fluid around the child. So there's still no hope. So even though there's no I mean even though so they keep they go to the next problem. Even though there's no signs of it, there's not enough fluid in there to keep the child alive." Okay. So, they come in and they do a sonogram, right? Sonogram. And when they went in, they did the sonogram, there was not only was the the the the sack completely sealed, it was back filled up with all the fluid that was needed within the span of 30 minutes. And so, I told you two stories. Which one's greater than the other? They're exactly the same. I want that to sink in. We cannot raise one over the other. We We start We start uh uh looking at our testimonies and we start labeling testimonies and we start uh you know put them in one over the other and this one and this one. No, they're both the same cuz one we have a child. We already know where the child's at. And parents that haven't given up. Hallelujah. My daughter, though I'm thankful that she's with us, she has to face this devil and she has to face these things. Yes, I'm thankful for the miracle that she is with us. I would not trade not having daddy's little girl. But none are greater. They're all the same. So the miracles in this church, not there's not one greater or another. Young people, you there's no greater young person or littleer young person. Your testimony is no better or liter than anybody else. God has brought you on this earth for a reason to not be uh so uh uh uh discomforted by all that's going around you right now. If you can still hear me, if you're still with me, can you think of one thing that God's done for you? One thing that God has done for you, young people, can you think of one thing that God's done for you? It might be as simple as I ate today. Well, it's the grace of God that you did. Hallelujah. Let's go a little deeper than that. What else has he done for you? Think about that. I'm not I know there's silence here and that's that's taboo to have that silence and to think of questioning. But now I want you to think of this. Think of one thing that God has done for somebody else. Can you thank God just the same for that person that you can yourself? You see, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I don't want to choose Barabus over Jesus. This is the best picture that I could find in the sense of uh uh the just the face and and understanding how could we say no to him. What is worth saying no to him? There is nothing in this life that is worth it. There is no entertainment there. And I'm not I'm not against the right things. There's no friendship. There's no spouse. There's no nothing that is worth saying no to him. If you could close your eyes and your heart and you can see and you can see his arms are wide open and he was saying, "Would you just trust me tonight? Would you just drop all that you had? Listen, I might have not come in the way you had expected. I might not be relieving you of all of your problems, but if you'll just hold my hand, I'll take you through those problems." Barabbus is not worth it. He is not worth it. I want to take you through those problems. I want to take you through those questions of life. You're not alone in these things. How many people are choosing Barabus because it feels better when simply just saying, "Lord, I will." He said, "Take up your cross and follow me." Let's bow our heads. Musicians come. What is worth as his arms are wide open? Is financial gain worth it? Is better worldly friends worth it? Is better things worth it? Or is he worth it all? Amen. I I I know I was back and forth. I know being a young person service, I I hope that they could understand just a little bit. I don't want to get caught up. Even tonight, can I say that? Even tonight, I don't want to get caught up in a crowd situation. I want you to have your identity with God. You know who you are. What has he done for you? Well, Brother Jeremy, it's been tough. I'm not taking away the fact that it's been tough. Listen, I want to say there's been hard hard times for that young couple. for sure, but they're still standing. I could go testimony after testimony in my own life of the things that God did for me or for my wife. I could talk about things that happened happened in my church. I could do that and that's all fine. But I want you to look at your own life right now. I want you to get to your identity. Who you are in Christ. to what Christ has done for you and think on these things. Think on these things, young people. What is he doing for me? I I don't want you to just be a good boy or a good girl and look the part and act the part. Even now, you can find out who you are in him. What's your identity, young person? What's your identity? Who are you in your own heart? I just I'm just feeling this. Say your name in your own heart. You can even say it out. Say your name. My name's Jeremy. Say your name. Are you listening to me? Are you hearing it? Say your name. He knew that name before the foundation of the world. And he calls you by name. Now, I'm not putting you above him. I'm trying to tell you your identity. It is not your past. It is not your family's past. It's not the addictions of the past. Cuz addictions come to rob you of your character. I I can't get away from this. I'm sorry. Say your name again. You've heard a lot of things. You've heard a lot of things about that name. The enemy has been talking to you a lot about that name. You'll never be the same. Look at the battles that you're going through. And it's a hard battle and it's a hard struggle. But he I'm pointing to that face right there. It's the best thing I can do. He knows your name. Can you hear him saying your name? You've heard the enemy say a lot of things, but can you hear him say your name? Forget about the pastor and the hurt of tomorrow and all the things that we've got to go through. Please don't. We'll we'll be able to step. We're going to go outside these doors and we're going to go face those things. But just for a minute, let his presence come in. Can you hear your name? Hallelujah. Right here. Right here. He's seen the tears that you've cried. He's seen all of the heartaches of your life and all of the the difficulties and the struggles and the many times. Listen, we've all questioned, haven't we? I could look at all three of you young men right here and said, I'm didn't say you questioned the message, but I'm saying we've had questions in our heart and he knew the questions before you even asked him. And he had an answer. The answer is here tonight. Why are you looking for Barabus? Because Barabus has become the comfort zone. But listen, no matter how comfortable it may seem, call for him, Jesus. Now you've said your name. How about say his name? Jesus. Jesus. Something happens when you say his name. Amen. Jesus. Hallelujah. You see, you're to be you're married to that name. So, you cannot take your name away from his name. Come on, don't leave me now. You cannot take your name away from his. I am Mrs. Jesus and he called me by name. Listen, I heard what Ellie had to say. I asked all the questions. I've listened to the tapes and I've been riding that camel long enough. But he pointed me to my Jesus. And it's time for you tonight to get off of that camel and light into that tent and meet Jesus face to face. Say it one more time, but not in your heart. Say it with your voice. Jesus. There's something about that name. Jesus. all the all the devils in hell begin to shake. And I'm not working you up tonight. I'm telling you, it's a reality to know when you say the world can say that name all they want. But when you who are called by that name, say the name of Jesus, everything drops around it. Let's close the door for a moment. Let's get in behind the veil for a moment before we get into the world. Can you get behind the veil and come into that presence and just say his name? Jesus. Oh, I love you, Jesus. Oh, I thank you, Jesus. You are my everything. You're my all. What if he never did anything for you again? What if he never in a sense healed your body again? What if he never did anything? It's still enough that he called me by name. He pulled me out of the pits of my hell and said, "I'm going to place you in a in a position that you won't even understand." And it's not just me, but it's you as the elect lady. He has called you from that miry pit. [Music] Don't go back to it. Hallelujah. I'd like everyone from the age of uh 21 and down to stand. 21 and down to stand. You're not alone. You're not alone. I don't care what the world says. I don't care what religion says. You're not alone. Guys, you're not alone. Ladies, you're not alone. He knows you by name. Hallelujah. He hasn't forgotten you. Amen. Everyone else in this church that sees these who are standing, can you place it upon your heart? I will remember them in prayer. There's some hands raised and there's some hearts being raised. Will you remember them in prayer? See, you're not alone. I'm giving you the authority to turn around and look. I want you to look. There's hands that are being lifted. There's hands that are being lifted all around. They care for you. Listen. What is it? It's not them alone. It's Christ in them that's pulling for you. Somebody's got to finish this race. Somebody's got to take the baton. It might be this little guy on the right who probably doesn't understand a quarter of what I'm saying, but I'm okay with that. It may be him that'll finish this. It may be this guy, anybody here, that's going to finish this race. But who's going to finish it? Somebody's got to finish it. We're not going to be here forever. I want to go. Don't you? Amen. I want to get beyond this place now. Let's all stand together. None of us are alone. None of us are alone. He's here tonight. And I don't want to choose Barabus. Why choose him when the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords and the Prince of Peace is before us? Lord [Music] Jesus. God, I I I I'm sorry, Lord. I feel so inadequate. Dear Lord, we feel inadequate. God, in this presence, Lord, what what can we do? Nothing without you. [Music] Oh Lord, would you touch the hearts, Lord God, of these young children? Lord, I remember what it was like to be there and to not understand where I was coming or going. Sometimes if we're not careful, we overspiritualize everything and we're just trying to grow up, Lord. God, would you lead them? Would you help them? Oh, he's calling you tonight. Lord, if you're here tonight and you're a young person and you feel like you want to take a next step and you mean it from your heart, this is not herd mentality. Don't look at anyone else around you. In fact, close your eyes, bow your heads. This is not her mentality. But if in your heart you've been feeling a tug and you want to go further, you want to take that next step, I want you to just come and take a step of faith and come and stand up here tonight. Just stand before him and say, "Lord, I'm taking a step of faith. I don't even know where I'm going to go. I don't know what to do, but I need a closer walk with you." Maybe you need the Holy Spirit. Maybe you don't have it yet and there's been a pull in your heart and a pull in your life. Listen, it doesn't take five years to get it. One moment in the presence and he can come in and change you. [Music] Anybody tonight? I want something more. I want to take that step. Come and stand before him. Don't be afraid about anyone around you. Listen to that still small voice in your heart. saying, "Will you will you take my hand? Will you break through that pride that everything's okay? Quit looking like the part. It's time to to take off that that the masks and be honest with yourself. Lord, I need you, Lord Jesus. Deal with the hearts tonight. I don't think you put this in my heart for no reason. Father, if there'd be one tonight that would heed that call, that would come forward. If there would be one, I know he's dealing with hearts. I don't know who, but I know he's dealing with hearts tonight. Don't put on a show. Don't put on an act. This is the moment where he is calling forth. Who will it be? Who is hearing that in their heart? That still small voice is saying, "Lord, I just need you. I'm not ashamed of the gospel. Who will it be tonight? Father God, you see our our sister who has come. Father, those that are hands are raised, Lord Jesus. Another one, don't be ashamed of it. Even now, the enemy comes. Even in these moments, he comes and he attacks your minds and and you begin to feel this uneasiness about you. I rebuke it in the name of Jesus. Would the peace that pass understanding begin to come into our sisters hearts? Father God, begin to deal with him. Don't be ashamed of it. Is there another? Is there another that'll come and say, "Lord, I need a touch from you." Now, I've called I've called these young people and I pray that they've made that the decision in their heart. You're doing it on your own, not because of others around you. You've come and you've taken that step. Now, would there be anyone else in this building tonight that's saying, "Father, I I have found myself being pulled a little bit to the side, and now I feel the tug at my heart, and I I want to become back balanced with your word." Or whatever it may be. There's something that you want to give. Just come and stand in the presence of the king. You say, "Well, he can do it right here." Absolutely. I believe in that. But God is asking for a step of faith tonight. And I have to be honest with that this evening. for those that have come and that have stood now. Sisters, brothers, in your heart, wherever you are, cuz I don't know where you are with him. Only he knows, the prayer and the desire and the burden of your heart. Do you believe that he can meet you right where you're standing? the ministers in this building tonight. I I just feel to go this route. If you want to just come forward, the ministers in this building, if you if you don't mind, just come forward and I want you to just you maybe not even have to lay your hands on them. Whatever you feel, but I want you to pray with them. Let them know that you're there because this is a unity, brothers, where we come together. This is a unity. Brother Samuel in the beginning said, "Whatever the Lord lays upon my heart, so I just feel this. This is not premeditated. Let's break through those chains. Let's pray with them together. You're not alone." Now, everyone else in the church, let's not let's not think that we're out of this. Let's bind together in a proper unity for what is happening in this building tonight. something at this moment as our as these brothers just go through and begin to pray with those that have stood forward. Whatever the Lord lays upon your heart, this moment matters more than anything else that is going on. They're all standing across this place. So, just go to each one as you feel led in your heart. Where is standing out there now in in the audience, if the Lord lays someone on your heart, standing up here, pray with them right where you're at. Lord, touch them. Let's not lose our burden for these young people. Let's not lose our burden for these uh uh for our fellow brothers and sisters. Let's push aside all the barriers. Let's push aside all the differences and see what God has in store for them. Do you love the Lord tonight? Now, let's show it with our compassion for these. Let's just sing this. I'd rather have Jesus. Is that what you're playing? I'd rather have Jesus. I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. I Oh, you know, I have him over anything else. Now, let his presence just move to this place. Fathers and mothers, reconsecrate your marriage. Stand together if you need to. Right where you're at, grab them by the hand. Say, "Lord, reconsecrate our marriage. Reconsecrate our homes. Lord, we want to be rededicated right where we're at. We want to draw closer to you. If we've let doubt creep into our homes, we give it back to you. Reconsecrate our relationships. Let's push beyond the things. Let's break down the walls and barriers tonight. [Music] Hallelujah. Or be held in sin dread sway. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than anything in this world. Oh, there's nothing in this world worth it, young people. Oh, just keep on singing that. Thank you, Lord. I raus [Music] Jesus, you see these young people. You see their hearts, Lord. Lord, I pray that you would move in their lives. God, I know things are hard and there's difficulties in life. But God, may they find you tonight personally. May they go behind the veil themselves, Lord Jesus. Lord, not by because of their friends, Father, but because there's a call in their heart for more of you. Lord, I pray that you would draw them, Lord Jesus. Only you can do it tonight. Only you can do it tonight. [Music] into the king. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory hell in sin stress sw. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Key of E. Key of E. He's got it all in control. [Music] Oh, he put that reassur way down in my [Music] soul. He's got it all in control. Let's sing that again. He's got it all in control. I know he's got it all in control. Whatever it is you're going through tonight, he's got it all in control. He put that [Music] reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I put my life in his hands. Oh, I put my life in his [Applause] hands. I put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I know I'm in his plan. hand. I put my life in his. My father knows. Oh, my father knows what I need. How many believes that tonight? My father knows what I need. So every trial I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. He's got it all. He's got it all in control. [Music] Thank you, Lord. He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all. Oh, I want to sing that part again. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I [Music] need. So in every trial I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I need. Oh, sing it again now. My father knows. My father knows what I [Music] need. My father knows what I need. So every trial I go through, he knows what's best for me. [Music] My father knows what I'm key of D. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Hallelujah. This poor man cried and the Lord heard me and saved me from my enies. Oh yes. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver. Hallelujah. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he. Hallelujah. Who hides in. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all ye saints. He'll give you every Oh, he's here to give you everything tonight. Take him at his word. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Hallelujah. Come exalt his name. Together, glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Sing it again now. Magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. [Music] Neverending praise may our end. Sing it just that way again. Let us bless the Lord. Oh every Don't just do it tonight church. Every day neverending praise may our singing it again now. Oh let us bless the Lord. Oh, every day and night neverending praise. May our sing again now. Let us bless the Lord. Oh, every day. May I say rise magnify the Lord with me. Hallelujah. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Hallelujah. Come exalt his name together. Magnify the Lord with me. Hallelujah now. Oh come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt. Oh, come exalt his name. For all right, now let's all come together. Magnify. Oh, glory. Oh my god. Just play that softly now. Hallelujah. Can you magnify him when you're by yourself? Don't just make a promise you can't keep. I want to magnify you every day of my life. Lord, I want it to be more than a song. I want it to be more than just voices. You know what? I'm not going to miss this opportunity of us coming together in this unity right now. This is where we build our strength together. But I want to leave this place and I want to still magnify you, Lord. I want to know that those giants that are outside them doors that they have got nothing against the word of God. It wasn't David by himself. It was the word of God with David. I'm not trying to pump you up to think that you can do this all alone. You can't. You got to have God with you. You got to take that word with you. Don't just leave it here. I want to magnify you, Lord. I want to worship you, Lord. I want to give you my all, Lord. I want to go beyond who I am, Lord. I don't want to run and hide anymore. I don't want to isolate myself anymore. I need you, Jesus. With all of my heart, I need you. Perhaps maybe I know we might sing songs a little differently, so bear with me. Give me the key of F. Yeah, key of F, please. Why would I worry when giants come calling my name? My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. Oh, why would I hunger for power, riches, or faith? Hallelujah. Cuz my God is so much better than all of these [Applause] things. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved. Why? Cuz my God is faithful. It's right here. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountains. Oh, it's time to move. Hallelujah. Cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh my enemies scatter cuz they know the battle is on. Hallelujah. Oh my God is stronger. The victory already won. Oh yes, he died for my ransom and rose up on the third day. Oh, can you say it now? Cuz my God is greater than hell and the grave. So I won't be shen. No, I won't be moved cuz my God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. It's time to move. Because my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. There's no mountain. Oh, and there's no mountain to hide. There's no valley to low. There's no fear that I had. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to make. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to high. There's no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. So I won't be shen. Oh, I won't be moved. Oh my God is faithful. His promise is true. Come on. It's your promise tonight. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. It's time to move cuz my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. One more time. My God is big. Hallelujah. Oh yes. [Music] Hallelujah. Worship him tonight. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Lord, we love you. Lord, we thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You know, one of these glorious days. I can't wait till we get over there. Brother Samuel, I can't wait. Brother Randy, I can't wait. I want to get over there and I want to worship him. I don't feel like I can do it right. It's not about emotion. I'm just talking about I just don't feel like I can thank him enough. What he did for me, what he brought me through, what he will bring me through. Don't give up. you don't give up. Don't throw in the towel. It'll be worth it all when we see Jesus. It'll be worth it all when we get beyond this flesh and we get to that place. Oh God, it'll be worth it all. Can you say that? Even so, come quickly, Lord Jesus. And it's not because of the problems or the trials. I just want to see your face. Hallelujah. I just want to see your face. I know this is different. And now I feel like I'm all over the board. Give me the key of F again. Are we in F? We're probably in F. I'm We are okay. Bula land. I'm longing for you. And [Applause] someday on the Stay there. My hope shall be [Music] eternal. You la. [Applause] Oh, glory sweet land. Sing it again now. Build the land. Oh, beautiful land. I'm longing for you. I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand there. My hope shall be eternal. All beautiful land, sweet land. Now, no music now. I just want to hear your voices. Let the enemy hear it now. [Applause] Land, I'm longing for you. [Music] And someday, hallelujah, on thee I'll stand where my home, oh [Applause] glory, shall be eternal. Oh la land sweet land where my home coming together now there my home shall be turned Oh, beautiful lamb. Sweet beautiful lamb. You know, can you just Isn't there such a sweet presence? Can you can you turn to your neighbor and shake their hand and say, "I'll see you there. I'll see you there. Isn't it put a smile on your face? I'll see you there. I'll see you guys there. It's an eternal home. One of these glorious days. All of these feelings and all of this stuff will be all gone. Why? Because you left Barabus aside and you and you walked into the open arms of Christ. Listen, if we can't enjoy this moment now, how are we going to enjoy it then? I don't care what the enemy says. I care what he says. And it's all because of his grace. You know what? I'm going to ask my wife to come and play a song with me if that's okay. song that maybe you some of you know and if you don't maybe you can learn to sing it with us but I just feel like it fits the the mode of this and as we continue to worship because you know what if it's if not for grace if not for what he has done for us this is my heart song that we sing back at home hallelujah thank you for your mercy thank you for your grace I'll sing it a couple times maybe you can catch along with me. I don't like you just to look at me. I want you to join in with me. Hallelujah. Thank you for your [Music] mercy. Oh, thank you for your love. It's all about your grace, Lord. It's all about your grace, Lord. It's consuming like a fire. It's consuming like a fire. Now the through the trial you have brought me. You raised a standard held the flood. I owe my every breath. I owe my every breath. Lord, for all that you've done, for all that you have done. Second verse, thank you for your healing. Oh Lord, I thank you for your healing. My soul is now set free. My soul is now set free. I'm no longer in that prison. I'm no longer in that prison. For your peace is over me. For your peace is over me. Through the trial. Through the trial you have brought me. Raised a standard. You raised a standard. Help the flood. I owe my every breath. I owe my every breath, Lord, for all that you've done. For all that you have. Let's sing that second verse again now. Thank you for your healing. Oh Lord, I thank you for your healing. My soul is now set free. My soul is now set free. I'm no longer in that prison. I'm no longer in that prison. For your peace is over me. For your peace is over me. Through the trial and through the trial you have brought me. Raised a standard. Held the flood. Raised a standard. Held the flood. I owe my every breath. I owe my every breath, Lord. Oh, for all that you have. Through the trial. Sing it again now. Through the trial and through the trial, you have brought me. Raised a standard, held the flood. Standard, held the flood. [Music] I owe my every breath, Lord, for all that you have. I owe my every breath, Lord. Yes, I owe my every breath, Lord, for all that you have done. We owe our every breath to him. He's taken us through so much, brothers. I'm not trying to take your time. I'm fixing to turn into our brother. I love to worship, too. I love to thank him for what he's done and his his his everything that he's done for us. Amen. What could we say? How much time could we give him? I'm not just talking about tonight. I I get that. But every day of our life, God, even driving down the road, I want to worship you. If no music is playing, I want to worship you, Jesus. If everything's falling apart around us, I want to praise you. [Music] Because of all you've done, God help us. God, help us. Do you love him tonight? Perhaps I'll sing one more as we turn it to our brother. I'm actually fighting on what to sing. So many different songs that's on my heart. I think I choose not to play the piano, though. I think I choose to maybe let you play for me. I'm blessed with a wonderful wife. I can thank the Lord for for her standing with me through all these times. You know, I like this song. You remember it's my desire. My desire. It's my desire. [Music] to live for [Music] Jesus. It's my desire to be just like his. Though often I failed him and brought him much shame. It's my desire to live for him. Oh, here it is. This is true. If you could see where Jesus brought me from to where I am today. Oh, then you would know the reason why I love him. So now you can take all this world, its wealth and riches. I don't need earth's fame. It's my desire to live for him. Oh, it's my desire to help some today. [Music] Someone who may have failed failed to see the way. Here it is. For I too I too was once so lost. till I found my way back to God. So it's my desire to live for him. There's a reason behind it. Oh, if you could see where Jesus, he brought me from to where where I am today. Oh, then you would know the reason reason why I love him. So come on, you can take it now. Oh, you can take take this world, all its wealth and its riches. I don't need earth's fame. It's my desire to live for him. Can we sing that whole chorus one more time? Do it together now. If you could see where Jesus brought us from to where we are today. Oh, then you will know the reason reason why I love him so. Oh, now you can take take this world, all its wealth and its riches. I don't need her fame. It's my desire. Oh, it's my desire. Oh, sing it now. It's my desire to live for him. Hallelujah. It's our desire, Lord. We give it all, Lord, to you tonight. Hallelujah. I want to say God bless you from my heart as we're turn it to brother Samuel and young people. I I I hope you heard just something tonight. Just little. Don't follow everyone else. Keep your identity in Christ. He'll always get you through. How easy it can become one day worshiping and the next day crying crucified. Stay firm on the word and he'll get you through it. I love you with all of my heart. I may never see you again, but I'll see you here, but I'll see you over there. Can you say the same thing? We're going to see each other on the other side. Let's make it, brothers and sisters. Let's do it. God bless you. That I want to say this, too. Thank you, brother Nathaniel, and all of those that have come and and supported and in and this our brother. And it's good to see the unity of the faith. We're here for one thing, and that's for Christ. Amen. God bless each and every one of you. Amen. God bless you. I appreciate you. Thank you, brother. Thank you. Take that, devil. I said, "Take that, devil." Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you pressed through all the tiredness and the weariness? Amen. And see what God has done right here among us tonight. You know, I think it was in in my own life and I think last week when I was ministering here on Sunday of the things that were that even how God started in my life. I was 19 years old when the Lord got a hold of my life. I'm sure there's a lot of bumps in the road. There was a lot of things, but but I tell you, it all starts from a decision and just letting the Lord just take over your life. Just let him be the Lord of your life. Just every day, Lord, just come deeper. just come deeper. Just come deeper. And you know the thing of it is is that you don't look for a feeling, a sensation, just him. He's the one that's tuck tugged on your heart. And brother Jeremy said this over and over. And there's a little statement that's made and a lot of people have claimed that they're the author of it, but Google says otherwise. Not like Google's an authority, but comparison is the thief of joy. Don't ever compare yourself with someone else. Just compare yourself with the word. And you know what? How God has made you. The Bible said you were fearfully and wonderfully made. You know how I am in church. That's how I was on the football field. That that didn't change me. But there were other guys that I was with. They couldn't understand. They said, "Browning, why are you always running around and hugging everybody and and you didn't even make the tackle? Why in the world you running down the field after everything in the running back scored? I said, I'm happy. This is my team. This is how God made me. But God might have made you a little bit different, but it's no less. It's no less. We worship God in the way that he's made us. And it comes from our hearts. Don't you love him? Isn't he good? Oh, I tell you, I think about this service tonight and that's all I can say is take that devil. God is so good. Amen. And just keep pressing. Just keep taking the word of God. Amen. And just keep pressing on. Amen. Hallelujah. So thankful for Brother Jeremy and Sister Hannah for them [Music] coming. Amen. Amen. We just so appreciate appreciate that. Appreciate the sacrifice they've made and to be here and we've just really enjoyed being able to get to know Brother Jeremy here over the last few years and Sister Hannah and I knew it'd be a blessing to us. And I I believe God has just just really done some really wonderful things in our lives this weekend, I tell you. And you know what the things that God has has done. Sometimes you don't always see the fruit immediately, but fruit itself will come from the word that's been received. Just taking that in and listen what God what God even God has done here tonight or maybe it was Sunday morning or maybe it was last night. You confess what he has done. You confess what he has done. And the prophet said, "When you confess what he has done, watch God make your body obey your confession." Because you're confessing on what he has done. Aren't you thankful that God sent this message not to reveal a man, but to reveal Jesus Christ to point out to you and I his desire for personal relationship? Amen. I could say this and young people would know it. He's been after your number for a long time. You know what? He's always known it. And today, right in the midst of all of this, he sent a personal text. Amen. Isn't God so good? God is so good. Don't ever let the enemy tell you that there's nothing that's taking place. He's a liar. He only wants to try to discourage you. You stand on what God what you know that God has touched your heart and what God has done and you have that resolution right here. I'm not going back out here the same way I come in. It's not mind over matter. I'm taking God at his word. Amen. You believe that tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord, once again we stand here to say thank you because Lord, we are so so appreciative of your grace moving by our way. Lord, so thankful how that you have moved to touch our hearts. Once again, I pray, Father, for each one. Lord, I know that you moved even beyond, Lord, those that were standing here. But oh God, how I thank you for the courage, Lord, that Father, by your presence, Lord, just moving down that you would give them, Lord, to stand here and say, "Lord, I want to be identified with you at all cost. I want to be identified with you. I want that relationship, Lord. I want you to be the complete and sole influence of my life. Lord, I pray, dear God, grant every desire, those that were, Lord, right there in their seats. I know there was fathers, mothers, grandparents. There's others, Lord, that have come here with needs as well. I pray, Father, as we leave from here tonight, Lord God, as that song says, I'll take Jesus. Lord Jesus, that's our choice, Lord. It's you, Father, and you alone. Lord, through every course and decision of life, may we look for you. May these young people, may each one, Lord, look to see you in the choices they have before them. and always Lord to choose that which would Lord Jesus be a path that would lead them closer to you. Father, go with your children now, Lord. May you be with Brother Jeremy and Sister Hannah. Bless them, Lord. Bless the assembly there, Lord, in Amarillo, Texas. Lord, dear God, their fruits, their labors. It's so beautiful, Lord. The great bouquet of ministry that you have, Lord. How we thank you, Father, for all the uniqueness, the different the differentness, Lord, if we can say it in that way. I'm thankful for that, Father. you know what you were doing. And Lord, we just so appreciate, Lord, how you've come by this weekend. Lord, be with us this week, Lord. I pray until we all meet, Lord, around the throne in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. I guess honey canes out there in a so you know, I don't like calling canes. I like Abel, but out there in in Avon uh at the Raising Canes and come on out for some for some fellowship. Even though that ain't God's chicken, but you can eat it tonight cuz the other place isn't open. But God bless you. Turn around and shake hands with one another. Greet one another in Christian love as you're being dismissed. Oh, this world full of pleasure. We're attempted and [Music] triless sisfied. The only thing that's lasting comes from on high. Oh, I'm going to stand for Jesus. And let the world go by. Oh, I'm going to stand for Jesus. Let the world go by. I will claim his promise and he will s the Lord and I. Oh, I'm going to stand for my Jesus and let the world go by when it's time to depart from this old body of mine. Oh, I don't want to one thing that I can leave behind. I want to be free to sail to the sky. Oh, that's why I'm walking with my Jesus. Let this world go by. Oh, I'm going to stand for Jesus and let the world go by. Oh, I'm going to claim his promise. I know he will surive. We're walk together, the Lord and I. Oh, I'm going to stand for my Jesus. Let the world go by. Well, this world full of pleasure. We are tempted and try. For the more we have here on this earth, the less we're [Applause] satisfied. The only thing that's lasting comes from on high. So I'm going to stand for my Jesus and let go. Oh, I will stand for my Jesus. Let the world go by. Oh, I'm going to claim his promise. I know that he will supply all together. The Lord and I. I want to sing for Jesus. Oh, let this world go by. When it's time, when it's time to depart from this old body of mine. Oh, I don't want to one thing that I cannot leave behind. Lord, I want to be free. Sail to the sky. That's why I'm walking with Jesus. Let the world go by. Oh, I'm going to stand for Jesus. Let this world go by. I'm going to claim his proise. I know he will supply. We will walk together. The Lord and I. Oh, I'm going to stand for my Jesus. and let this world go by. I said, Jesus, I'm going to send for my Jesus. Let this world go by. I'm going to make this promise. I know you will supply. We will walk together. The Lord and I. I will stand for Jesus and let this world go by. Oh, we'll walk together. The Lord and I. I'm going to stand for Jesus. Let this world go. [Music] Well, I was lost in shame. Could not get past my lane until he called my name. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. Darkness held me down. But Jesus pulled me out. Now I'm no longer bound. Oh, I'm so glad he changed. He say, now a new creation in Christ. Oh, the old is gone. There's when I live my faith by my side. My side. Oh, there is a name that's written down in glory. And he smile. There's a smile. Oh, I met the author of my story. And he's mine. Oh, yes. There is a name. There is a name that's written down in glory and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Oh, I met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's my son. Sound Jesus. Now I can see the light. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory s all over me. Oh, I saw that he changes. And now a new creation rise. Oh, the old is gone. There's new life. I live by faith by my side. In my side. No, there is a pain that's been glory. It is mine. Oh, for I met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, there is a name. There is a name that's written and ignore and he's mine. This is mine. I'm at the author of my story and he's sin and left me. Sin had left me blind, but Jesus opened my eyes. Now I can see the light. Oh, I'm so glad he changed me. Now I'm walking free. I've got the victory. See, it's all over me. Wo, I'm so glad he changed me. See, now a new creation rise. All the old has gone. There is new life. I live by faith by my side. No, no, no. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. [Music] Oh, see I have met the author of my story and he's Yes, he's mine. Oh, there is a name that's written down in glory and he's mine. Oh, I met the author of my story and he's there is a name there is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Oh, he's mine. You see, I have met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, she's my singer. There's a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Oh, you see I met the author of my story and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Well, I was lost in shame. Could not get past my blame until he called me by my name. Oh, I'm so bad. He changed me. Darkness held me down. But Jesus pulled me out. Now I'm no longer bound. Oh, I so glad he changes. Now a new creation in Christ. The old has gone. There is new life and I live by faith by my side. No, no, no, no. There is a name that's written down. It's my name. Oh, it's mine. Guess it's already mine. I met the author of my story and it's mine. There is a name. There is a name that's written out in glory. Yes, it's mine. Yes, it's mine. I'm at the author of my [Applause] story. There is a name. There is a name that's written down in glorious. Yes, it's mine. Oh, I met the author of my story. And he's mine. Oh, and he's mine. Yes, he's mine. Yes, he's mine. And he's mine. And he's mine. And he's mine. And he's mine. This is mine. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Oh Jesus is mine. I'm singing Jes.
