################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - Raising Children Who are Unashamed - Trevor Emond - Trevor Emond.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-12
Title:    Raising Children Who are Unashamed - Trevor Emond
Speaker:  Trevor Emond
Church:   Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX3B53eLNBU
========================================

Description:
00:00 - Worship
41:33 - Ministry
1:56:33- Closing
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass at last ever to rejoice. And as I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary to that crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me all through him I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving. Hallelujah. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Tears all pass home at last ever to rejoice when in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night. my arling more close to him for he will give me life and Satan snares me vex my soul turn my thoughts aside but my lord goes ahead heaven leaves whatever I oh I want to see him look upon his face oh dare to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory Let me lift my voice is all pass ever to rejoice. Hallelujah. When in valleys low I look for the mountain high. I behold my savior there. He's leading in the fight. With a tender hand outstretched for the valley low. He's guiding me. I can't see as I onward go and all I want to see him look upon his face there I sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Lord let me lift my voice. Tears all pass oh at last ever to rejoice. And when before me billows rise from the mighty deep. Oh then my Lord directs my bar. He don't save the king. And he leads me gently on through this world alone. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Lord, let me lift my voice. Home at last to rejoice. Yes. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face up there. I'll sing forever of amazing grace. on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last ever to rejoice. My cares all pass. Home at last ever to rejoice. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, God is so good. God is so good to us tonight, isn't he? How many's thankful for God's grace in your life tonight? Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. We got so much to thank him for, right? Amen. Let's all stand together. We'll take the prayer request before the Lord and ask him to bless him. Ask Brother Randy decides to open the service of prayer tonight. So, as he's going forward, I'll go ahead and read the prayer requests here. First one's from Sister Angie. She says, "Please pray for Sister Kayla Galvin. She's having kidney stone pain." Let's pray that God will move for that tonight. We've seen God move for that before. We'll trust God to move for that for Amen. for Sister Kayla Galvin. Thank the Lord for bringing our pastor and sister Kim home safely. God bless them. They're both here tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's pray that God would also watch over brother Trevor and his wife as they're traveling to the church tonight to speak for us. Amen. I believe they're still on the way. Uh tight time schedule for them tonight. Sister Naomi says, "Uh, please pray for my children for their lost soulers. The Lord Lord knows them all." Amen. believe that he'll move on their hearts. Amen. Please pray uh continue to pray for healing for Sister Maria Sanchez. God bless sister Maria. She's here tonight. Let's pray complete healing for our sister. God bless her tonight. Sister Seth, please continue to pray for my friend Heather. For Sister Rita, she had a sore throat tonight and couldn't make it. And pray for brother Gilbert Landy that he would come back to the Lord. Amen. Trust that God will move on his heart and take care of sister Rita there. for uh friend Heather and brother and sister Gomez says, "Please pray for Linda Devilla that the Lord's will be done for her." Amen. Trust the Lord for that. Amen. Didn't hear anything on there tonight that sounds too hard for the Lord. Right. Amen. We trust God take every one of them. Amen. Please raise your hand if you got something on your heart. Amen. You'd like to be remembered in prayer. Brethren, if you could Amen. Praise the name of Jesus. Praise your holy name, Lord Jesus. [Music] Dear heavenly father, we come to you in your precious, holy name, Lord. There's no power in any other place but other than in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you for all that you have done for us. Lord, I remember that St. Paul was burdened down for the souls of his brethren because they did not recognize the mystery that was being unfolded in his day. For God, you had come down and walked in a body of flesh. You laid your life down, Lord, that we might have an atonement to draw closer to you. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, that you have opened our eyes. as much of the world is still blind to that atonement. But God, you have blessed us in that way that we can come as the veil had been torn. We can step into the most holy place and have fellowship with God. Thank you Lord Jesus. As we come tonight, Lord, these requests have been laid before you. You know each and every request. You said if you will abide in me and I abide in you, you can ask what you will. These requests have been come have come and laid at your feet. We pray that you will meet each and every one of them. That Lord God that you will heal the sick and save the lost whatever the needs might be. Lord that you fulfill your word in that situation. We thank you Lord Jesus for the victory that you have given. We lift our voices in thanksgiving Lord believing your word. And now as we are gathered here in the house of the Lord and our brother Trevor is going to come and bring the word of God tonight, I pray that you'll bless him. May the power of Jesus Christ speak through this church, Lord. May every hindering spirit be cast out. May we be drawn closer to you, Lord Jesus. May you bring that change into our lives. We need you, Lord. Yes. The curse of Leodysia was no need. But we find deep within us, Lord. There is a need. We need you, Lord Jesus, so much in our lives. Bless each and everyone. Bless the pastor here, Lord, as I hear that he was traveling, he's home. We thank you, Lord, for watching over your children. We commit all things into your hands. In the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. The church says, "Amen." Hallelujah. God bless you. May be seated. But let's worship as we do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Applause] Oh hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Blessed. Blessed Jesus. [Music] Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Blessed Jesus. us. Blessed how I love him tonight, Lord. How I love him. How I love Oh, we love you, Lord, tonight. Hallelujah. How I love him. [Applause] How I always worthy. How I love him. you. How I love you. How I love him. How I love him. We thank you, Jesus. We thank you, Jesus. We thank you, Jesus. us. We thank you Jesus. Oh, we thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Oh we thank you Jesus. Say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, hallelujah. Hallelu. Oh, is he worthy tonight to receive your praise? Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. We love you Jesus. We love you Jesus. We love you Jesus. [Music] We love you Jesus. We love you Jes. Yes. We love you Lord. We love you Jesus. We love you Jesus. We love you for Jesus. [Music] We love you Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Let's give him a hand clap of praise tonight. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Lord, we come to you in worship, no matter what the Amen. No matter what's going on, no matter what the sea you Lord, we will lay up. Praise him. Hello. Hello. How we long to worship you. Yes Lord. Hello. [Music] How we long to worship. Let's sing that first verse again. No matter what, Lord. Oh Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the surroundings, no matter what the situation, [Music] we will lift a holy hand. Hallelujah. Single [Applause] how we long to worship. We long to worship you most. [Music] Oh hello. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, we long to worship you. And here we are in Satan's. Yes. Darkness covers all the land. Thank you, Lord. Lord with your spirit here. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. The Lord with righteousness will rise and stand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory. Hello. Hear how we long to worship you. Oh, [Music] how we long to worship you, Lord. How we long to worship you. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We got something to praise him about tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Here's something worth praising about. How many's glad your debt's been paid in full? Hallelujah. When injustice over When justice called for payment for sin, no one worthy could be found among men. Oh, but the precious son of God with the cross and thorny crown, he paid the debt with the blood of the lamb. Oh, it's paid in full life. Hallelujah. Oh, lamb free from sin. Free to live. Now I am and it rains on me where my sins were written down. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Well, how great was the debt that I owe. I was bound to pay for the seeds that I had sold. Oh, but Jesus, my Lord, a great treasure I have found. I'm redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Yes, it's been paid full by the blood of the lamb from free to live. Now I have Oh, I love this part. And it reads on that page where my sins written down. Yeah. by the blood. Let's sing that second verse again. Oh, how great was the debt that I owed I was bound to pay for the seeds I had sold. But in Jesus my Lord, a great treasure I have found. I redeemed by the blood paid by the blood of the lamb. Yes. Free from sin. That's right. Oh, now I am standed read there on the page where my sins were written down. Paid full by the blood of the lamb. Oh yes, it reads on that page where my sins were written down. It's paid for by the blood of the lamb. [Music] [Applause] Woo! Hallelujah. Redeemed. How I love to proclaim it. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mer. Yes, his child forever I am. Oh, redee redee redeemed by the blood of the lamb. redeemed his child and forever can redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No language my rapture can tell. Hallelujah. Oh, I know that the life of his presence. Oh, with me does continually dwell. Yes, redeemed. Redeemed. I'm redeemed by the lamb. Redee his child and for him I am. Oh, I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of him all the day long. Listen now. Oh, I sing for I cannot beside. And his love is the theme of my song. Oh, redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. Oh, redeemed. Yes, his child forever I am. Thank you, Lord. I know I shall see in his beauty the king in whose law I delight, who lovingly guardeth my foot. And he gives me songs in the night. Glor redee redee redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee redee his child and forever I am. Yes. His child and forever I am. Amen. I just kept looking through the songs and all the songs had redeemed in it by the way. Lord Amen. How many's glad to be redeemed tonight? You originally belonged to him. That's why he could buy you back. He could only redeem something that already belonged to him. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. When I think of all my faults and my failures, [Music] I consider all the times I've let God down. I am humbled by the grace he has extended. [Music] I'm amazed at the mercy I have found. No, I could never his love on my own. And every time I come his throne, I stand redeemed by the blood of the lamb. You're higher. I stand redeemed. For the great I am. When he looks at me, he sees the nail scar. Hallelujah. That bought my liberty, I stand redeemed. Even at my best, I am worthy. I have nothing precious I can give. [Music] [Applause] My broken life is all I have to offer. [Music] And yet it is a priceless gift to me. [Music] Oh, the bitter mark of sin will never fade away. Hallelujah. But I can come before him unashamed. I stand redeemed [Applause] by the blood of the lamb. Yes, I stand redeemed. All the great I am. When he looks, oh yes, he sees hell's guard hand that my liberty. Hallelujah. Oh, sing one more time. I stand redeemed. I stand redeemed by the blood of the lamb. right now open before. [Music] Thank you for your grace, Lord. When he looks at me, he sees his scarred hand. Lord, my liberty I stand. [Music] Yes. When he looks at me, he sees nail scarred hands that bought my liberty. And I stand relieved. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's just sing that little chorus as brother Samuel comes. Jesus breaks every feeder. Amen. Amen. Jesus breaks every feed. Jesus breaks every feather. Jesus breaks every feather and he sets me free. Let me see it again. Jesus breaks. Jesus breaks. Every f Jesus breaks every f. Jesus breaks every feather. and he sets me. I'll never doubt my savior. I will never doubt my savior. [Music] I will never doubt my savior. Lord, I will never doubt my savior. Thank you, Lord, for he cleans me. Brother Savior, come see us. I will shout hallelujah. Oh, I will shout hallelujah. [Music] I will shout praise his name. Halleluah. [Music] Oh I will shout. Halleluah. For he set me free. I will rest. I will rest. on his cross. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Tonight, though, I will rest on his promise. Oh, I will rest on his promise. Hallelujah. which is given [Music] to me. Jesus breaks. Jesus breaks every fet. Jesus breaks every f. Oh Jesus breaks. every feed and he sets me free. Do that part again. I will sing. I will sing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I will sing. [Music] Halleluah. Oh, I will shout halleluah for he set me free. Oh, once like a bird in prison I dwell. No freedom from my sorrow I fell. Then Jesus came and listened to me. Glory to God. He set me free. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. free for he broke the bonds of rising. Yes, I glory bound my Jesus. You see, glory to God. He set me free. Am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away as my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God, I'm homeward bound. Oh, he set me free. Yes, he set me. Thank you, Lord. Yes, he broke the bonds of prison for me. Oh, and I'm glorify my Jesus to see. Glory to God, he said. Let's sing that last verse one more time. Now I am climbing higher each day, and darkness of night has drifted away. For my feet are planted on higher ground and glory to God. I'm over he set me free. Yes. He set me free. Yes. And he broke the bonds of prison. Well, I glorify my Jesus to sing. Glory to God. He said goodbye to goodbye to sin and things that come. Oh, not of this world shall turn me around. And daily I'm working. Yes. And I'm praying to you. And glory to God. I'm going through. Yes. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. Well, he broke the bonds of risen. Yes. And I'm glory now. My Jesus. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Aren't you thankful to be free? Amen. There's nothing like real freedom that God brings to a life. You know, you can we come in we come in here and you you know, we experience the presence of the Lord and there's a freedom. There's things that are actually lift. But, you know, I'm thankful that it's much deeper than just coming into a place and burdens lift. I'm grateful that that is not something we have to just come here to have, but it's an abiding presence down in the depths of our soul. Because the real the real victory and the real freedom is the deliverance from ourselves. And then that freedom, it just keeps ringing out through our lives. It gives us authority again and again and again. I'm so grateful for that real freedom. Aren't you? Amen. That's what Calvary, that's what the blood was shed for and that the Holy Spirit was sent back that we could have that complete freedom in our lives. Amen. Glory be to God. Amen. So good to be together tonight. And I'm not going to um prolong that, Brother Trevor. This was a kind of un unexpected, but it was a good surprise. And so, um, there were some things that he had to do up here, uh, today. And, um, so we're just thankful that he and Sister Ana May were able to be here with us. And we so appreciate Brother Trevor, I know he's not only loved here, he's also loved there uh, with brother Nathaniel and the saints. And we have different ones here tonight. And man, it's just it's good to be in the presence of God with brothers and sisters of Light, Freshest Faith. And my, let's just get let's just get into the water tonight. invite the Lord just to come down in a very special way just to speak to our hearts. And I believe God has something special. God never calls a meeting without ever having something special to say to us. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Amen. We're witnesses of that. Amen. So, we're just going to invite brother Trevor to go ahead and make his way forward and maybe we'll just stand, change positions at this time. You have a song on your heart. I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul. [Music] Take your take your king in what you hear. May be a sweet, sweet sound in your rear. [Music] I love you, Lord. Hallelujah. And I live my voice to worship [Music] you. Oh my soul rejoice. Oh, take joy. Oh yes, Lord. He worshiped tonight in what you [Music] me. [Music] Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. I greet you tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. As you might know, I will state the obvious. It's really good to be here and we love you and uh we're just we're happy to be here. As brother Samuel said, we had some things we were uh doing up in this in this area and uh so we just kind of rolled in just a little bit ago, but we're we're happy to be here. So, as you have your Bibles and you're standing, turn to Psalms chapter 127. Yeah, that'd be great. Psalm chapter 127 127:es 3 to5 Lo children our inheritage of the Lord and the fruit of the womb is his reward. Amen. How many feel that way? Glory to God. Sometimes it feels more of a reward than others, but it's truth. Children are inherited of the Lord. The fruit of the womb is his reward. As arrows in the hand of a mighty man, so are the children of the youth. Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them. They shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we just look to the scripture, Lord, and um it's a midweek service, Lord, and many have come from work and we've come from various places, Lord Jesus, and tried to to bring ourselves, Lord, just into the into the atmosphere of worship, Lord God, and into the house of God that we could hear from you, Lord, that you would speak to our hearts, Lord God, that we could um for this for these few moments, Lord, push the the world out and just hear from you and let let your Holy Spirit just speak Lord God. Anoint me to speak and the people to hear Lord and may you have your way. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. So you may be seated. So perhaps maybe something a little different than um I don't know if I have a normal especially here. I I've I've preached a lot of different a lot of different sermons here but but um maybe this is just something a little different. Um, but something that I haven't been able to get away from. This is a um something I brought to our church uh a couple months ago and then just it was just felt like kind of a one-off sermon and then Okay. And then I just about a month ago it was just like I don't even remember what I said. I need to go back and listen to that and look at those notes. And it just wouldn't leave me until just uh this week. I just I was like, "Okay, I've just got to go back and look at this." And so I just um just felt like perhaps that's the leading of the Lord for us and that that we could look at these things. So So this is kind of a parenting I will try not to do that again. This is kind of a parenting um service. So um but hopefully hopefully even if wherever you're at in life, you will be able to still make applications to um you know things of the Lord in your life and in your walk. And if you are yet to have children um maybe this would be good advice for you so you could listen up and then um Amen. Okay. And then um you know and so is it I I just hope this is okay. So um you know that that we could look at that. So raising children who are unashamed and that could be your title for the internet if you wanted it. Um because I have three other four other titles that we could use if we wanted to because they were all kind of what I was trying to say. teaching our children a posture of courage could have been another title. Um or raising courageous Christlike children in a culture of anxiety, but there was too many C's for that one. But that's that's kind of what we're what we're trying to think about is to recognize that that there's a that that truly we we we are living in an anxious generation that that where where we're at and that there there are more people on, you know, going to therapy and all kinds of things. There are more people suffering with anxiousness and depression and and and listlessness in their life, not knowing what their purpose is or where they're going. and they're struggling with what, you know, why am I even here and what am I even doing and and all kinds of things and I'm not good enough or am I good enough or all of these things that we have and so but but but we want to bring out that that that if there's a thing of anxiety that means there's a that there's a there's some fear that's there. And so what we want to do is to begin to to bring up our children and even even our own lives. If we, you know, if you don't have children or or or you're past that stage at this point, well, perhaps think of your own life like how am I structuring how am I parenting my own heart, you know, um and and to bring it, you know, and to bring it into a posture of courage or or a courage, you know, to be courageous and Christlike throughout the things that that I'm dealing with in my own life. And so um so so we asked the question, what does it mean to be Christlike? And I I brought this out as a youth Bible study, um for our our well we have two groups, you know, we have our our older group and our younger group, you know, and and we separate it 10 to 15 and then and then um well 10 to 14 and then 15 and up is how we have things separated. And but we talked about the same things, you know, and so for the younger group, we use the medium of pizza and what does it take to make a good pizza? And you know, you can throw all kinds of things on a whiteboard and you know, it might be it's pepperoni and maybe it's pineapple and you know, now everybody hates me and you know, but but you know, but but we can just start to just start to think about like what does it mean, you know, what does it mean to be good at this thing? Like what does it mean to be Christlike? And of course, if you ask young people, you know, um what does it mean to be Christlike? You know, the first answer you're going to get as any Sunday school teacher would be it's like to be like God. We had to get that one out of the way. Absolutely. Yes. That is what that means. Can we have more information? And then then we begin to dive into all of the right wrong answers and um you know like um well you know to to be kind and to be loving and to be you know uh to dress right and to act right. I mean all of these things. Amen. That's that's all these are all the right wrong answers. Um, you know, they're they're they're good. You should do these things and and these are attributes of being Christlike, but what does it mean to be Christlike? And and so we begin to dive into these things and and and just really try to draw out the heart of the issue. And and when it all comes down, if we distilled, you know, an hour of a youth talk down into, you know, where where we really came down to is is to distill it down to like, well, what was it actually that that Christ, you know, what was the essence or the heart of the of all of it, of all of his actions and all of the things that we could emulate that he did in his life? What was the heart of those things? And that was a heart of love that made a choice to go to a cross and die for you because of love. And so it was his choice to do that that was his his most let's say maybe his most defining characteristic was that because he loved he chose. Amen. Okay. So, so then to be Christlike would mean to help little old ladies across the street. No. Well, yes, but no. No. Then, but to be Christlike would would to to to embody what it meant to be exactly what Christ was here on this earth would then to understand that kind of love and say, you know what, that that that that take that that brings up love in my own heart reciprocating to his love. And so because of that, I will choose then as he chose to sacrifice because of his love, I'm going to choose to sacrifice to return his love to him. And so the choice to sacrifice all that I am for his glory is what it means to be Christlike. And and then it and then it throws away, you know, if it's for his glory, then it throws away all the selfishness. That's good preacher. All right. So, so, so then we're choosing and that's what it means to be Christlike is to choose him. So, how many want to be Christlike? Amen. Okay. You all want to help little old ladies across the street. You are the little old lady that wants help across the street. All of these things. Okay. No. No. It's so so so that the love in our heart we could we could then choose to to to be with him and choose to lay ourselves down that we could be with him and and this is what it is to be Christlike. So so we all want to be Christlike then and then as parents then I would ask this obvious question then do you want to raise Christlike children? It's like, well, yes, that's of course that's our goal, right? And so, okay, but then we need to begin to think about what our definition of Christlike. If you want to be able to raise Christlike children, it's like, hey, man, why don't you choose Jesus? Cuz that's what it means to be Christlike. I'm not giving you an option. I'm not giving you a choice. You have to So, how many how many how many want to raise Christlike children? And so, then we've like, oh, well, this is almost redefining sometimes. We have to begin to think about, well, what okay, so then, okay, I want to I I want to raise Christlike children, but now I have to begin to ask another question. And it's like then then if to be Christ if I want to raise Christlike children or children that have the choice because of love to sacrifice their lives for him, then I'm going to need to be able to give them a choice. I'm going to need to be able to to h to strengthen their ability to make good and correct choices. And so if I then begin to limit the amount of choices they are making in their lives, they will not have the ability or the strength to make the the the most amazing and most you know even difficult but most monumental choice because I have I have removed all ability for choice from their life except for this one. and that I expect them to make the one choice I allow them to make correctly. That is a tall order, right? And so, so, you know, so we begin to think about this. And so, as we were discussing these things with with our young people and, you know, because because it it is it has to be about that choice because we I begin I brought up this this whole idea, this kind of thought of of you you're familiar with um uh what Brother Brandham says about sister Hattie, right? And she she said, "That's nothing but the truth, brother Brennham. And the spirit of the Lord came in and and God spoke to brother Brennham and said, "Ask her what, you know, to say whatever she wants and it and it'll be given to her." And and so brother Brennham tells sister Heddy this and you can ask your sister needs healing or you know you could you need money and all all of these things and she asks, you know what she asks for? She asks for the salvation of her children. And these these guys that were laughing, these two these two young brothers that were laughing before, now through the course of that evening, end up falling over their mother's lap and coming to repentance. Amen. So, did they did they get to choose? And then everybody's head was like and everybody's head exploded, right? because it's like, "Wait a second, how does that work then?" And so, but you know, and so, but but but God did not take away their free moral agency, but but God knew I I would say it like this that God God knew that their heart already had a posture of coming to him and it just hadn't been that like that day hadn't come to fruition yet. But because of what was spoken, an atmosphere came into that room that took the posture of their heart and and and maybe accelerated where they were always going to be. Because I would ask you this day, hallelujah. And may God come and do the same thing again tonight for everyone here that it would accelerate their decision to be with him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes sir. But so we but we as we finish this idea and this thought though because if I were to tell you like like let's just you know this is I don't believe this is what happened. But if God were to have removed that choice from to to serve him and because of the spoken word they were made to serve him would you consider them Christians? No we wouldn't. Why? because they actually aren't Christlike because Christ chose. So good. Christ chose. And so God isn't removing choice and he never will remove choice because he would be removing your ability to be like him. That is so good. That's good. Yes sir. That's good. So it has to be choice. It has to be that you would choose. But that if we want to raise Christlike children, we're then going to have to come and take a step back and begin to give them the ability to choose, which means they're going to have to come into the gray zone. Was Did you all hear that ominous music? Just I said the gray zone. I was like because because this is what's going to happen with young people, right? Like I I always use this as an example, you know, you have the 10 to 12, 13s, you know, um uh and and maybe maybe they start coming out of it at 14, but they have, you know, there is no gray zone if you're 10, you know, it's black and white, man. It's like, you know, would would you consider stealing a cookie from the cookie jar? Oh my. Who would do that, brother Trevor? That would be so wrong. Like, of course, I would. I'm a good Christian young man or young lady. I would never I would never do such a thing. It's like, do you think you'll ever, you know, I mean, let's just, you know, it's 2025. We have relationship. Like, do you think you'd ever want to kiss a boy or, you know, girls kiss, you know, or boys kiss a girl? And it's like, oh my goodness. So, I mean, number one, that's disgusting. And then number two, like that would be that's that's only for married people. And I would never want to do that. Uhhuh. And that's because you're 10, you know, and you just, you know, as a youth leader, you just you're just like, well, praise God, that's so wonderful. You're not lying. You truly believe it. But we'll come and we'll talk about this again in six years. But trust me, you know, or eight or something like that because because then because then, you know, because as their brains develop, you know, and and we could, you know, we could say there well, if you're interested in these kinds of things, you know, the amigdala has already, you know, now it's formed and it's holding data and all of these things, but the prefrontal cortex, man, that is still developing and it won't finish until 25. That's right. You know, so you arrived, right? Like you're there, right? Thank you, K. Good job. This fully developed brain. But that decision maker and that, you know, and it it's it's just starting to develop. And then now it started starting to produce these brain chemicals and and you know, things are just going the circuitry is weird, you know, and they're that now that and now like they're having like, hey, kissing a boy or kissing a girl isn't gross anymore. Suddenly it's actually wow, that would be seems like that might be nice. And then, you know, so now that's different in the decision matrix. And now maybe it's not black and white anymore. Now there's now there's varying stages of gray, right? And there's, you know, uh I mean, well, I mean, you know, how pretty is she? And you know what's the So there's an 80% likelihood we might get married anyway. So then it'd probably be okay. No. No. But if they but I'm just telling you if they never get in the gray zone they can never actually be Christlike though because even Jesus was in the gray zone. Even Jesus was tempted in all points like as we are yet without sin. So Jesus had to go through this and chose these things for you. And so so so so your young people are going to they're coming into the gray zone. Maybe they're already there, you know, and and and and now you you have to deal with that. But you want you want to raise Christlike children. Then now what you're try what what what your idea to what you would want to be doing is now coming alongside them and shephering through them through these decisions. All right. Here's what begins to happen. They begin to notice that there are other styles of music out there. And of course, we don't allow them the choice. We threaten them on pain of death and you know and the rack and scorpion bites that if you ever were to to listen to anything other than just good gospel music you know except for is are are we not removing choice then right I mean at some point in time if you threaten them with death they don't have the choice anymore is that is that is that fair like maybe everything short of death is fine you know, but I don't know. Like, it's just going to depend on the situation, right? And and I'm not just saying, hey, let's just make it a free-for-all, but you have to begin to understand they are going to need to begin to make choices in their lives. And I would tell you that even like it's just crazy, you know, because I was I was telling uh my wife as we were driving up here. It's like, you know, there's a sermon that was very very popular and pro maybe people still are listening to it that brother Donnie Reagan preached like in the '9s called choices we make. Right. See, right? 30 years ago, he preached this. Right. No one listens to that anymore because we just like them to make choices now. Like we, you know, it's like make the right choices. It's like I would actually just like some young people to choose something. Anything. Just make a ch like I'm not worried about all the choices. Like there's so many choices. You want to make sure you make the right ones. I'm like, would you make a choice and we'll go from there? Because again, because what are we talking about? There's a generation of anxiety that has crept in and and we'll talk about the wise and some of that if we can get to all of that. But but to where they're locked in anxiety and even un the unable to make a choice and if they cannot make a choice then the devil has come in at a very low level and removed their ability to even ever become Christlike. Wow. So then we so then we can and we have to understand where we are and what is happening so that when we come along we're not you know inflicting more damage on ability to make choices but helping and and and and helping them to understand that as they make choices we are there for them as they come into this gray zone. Yes, you're going to make some wrong. But dad will be here, but mom will be here. There may be some punishments, but you probably won't die. Right. And so and so we've got to end up becoming to to begin to recognize that hey, you know, when when when those of us that were listening to brother Donnie Reagan's choices we make sermon, we were sitting there going through our own lives, some of us making really dumb decisions, some of us making really bad decisions. But at the end of the day, it wasn't about did we listen to the wrong music some? Did we have some of the wrong relationships? Did we do some of the wrong things at the end of the day? What it came down to was were we Christlike or not? Did we come to a place where we chose him and to love him and to serve him with all that we were? That is what that is the thing that mattered. And Christ had died for every other wrong choice that you could make. Hallelujah. Yes. And so, so it's it's hypocritical then for us as parents knowing we were listening to that sermon 30 years ago making dumb choices to come along and say, "Well, if you ever make a bad choice, buddy, it's curtains for you, man." I mean, I get it as parents, you know, like. So, well, anyway. So, then so then why that just leads us into what we're talking about. Praise the Lord. Why do we parent then? What is the point of it? What what what why are we what are we doing when we parent? And so I came up with some really bad reasons for parenting in 2025. Um but are often very common. It makes me good look good on the gram. You know how it is. You have children. You have an aesthetic that you you know you want to present. And so you have your 2-year-old and your you know or your three-year-old and your one-year-old and you know you may maybe you choose pastels. Maybe that's your thing and linens and you know and so you use the filters that you know do everything like that. Maybe you like more of the crisp, bold, clear colors and so you're you know you like the higher resolution and so you use those filters and you know and every and it's just you know it's Sunday morning you know um you know what is it you know the G get ready with me GR YM right you know you've got your grm videos get ready with me on Sunday morning and you the little kids coming through you know and they're all you know dressed the way they're supposed to be dressed and there's nothing wrong with any of this okay it was just right but it's if that's Like you can do that. That's fine. But if that's your reason, like if you search your heart, like if that's your reason for parenting is because these children make my brand look good and I look like this amazing mother and I have this look that everybody oh they look at me and they go, "Oh my goodness." like I wish I was her and you know and they don't see like like all the behind the scenes footage from that get ready with me you know and how terrible that was you know but that's like oh I wish I was her like oh my goodness okay so you know makes me look good on the gram really bad reason for parenting not I'm not saying it's bad to do but it's if if that's your reason like you should be you should be praying because I don't think you're going to find that in scripture anywhere. Um because well, praise God, that's what we're supposed to do. We're we're message believers. We're Christians. We have children. So, we parent them. Good. That's a wrong right answer. I don't know what that is, but like like there's some nuance there. Like good. Like yes, a believer should be a good parent and they should do the right things and they you know yes that's that's fair but is like really is that the is that it? It's just like because I'm supposed to. So I'm going to try to be good at parenting because I'm supposed to. I was like look man I mean the only reason we tried to do as good as we did as we were supposed to. I actually kind of annoying but to be a good Christian I had to try to do a good job with you. So that's what we did. That's probably not a good reason, right? This is No, this is And then, you know, we're parents because that's the natural product of being married. Like, we were married and kids came and so I guess we should feed them. They're here after all. So, that's also probably not a bad, you know, not a good reason for parenting, right? Should there be more? Like back to our opening scripture that children are a heritage from the Lord. They're his his reward, right? And so well, how do we parent with these reasons then? Um the maximum impact of our image, maximum impact of them doing what they are supposed to do or the maximum impact of removing the inconvenience. And so if you were if you're parenting and the reason you have kids is so that it looks good on the gram, then the the your style of parenting and what you do as parenting is to maximize how good it makes you look. If you are just trying to look like a perfectly good Christian and message believer and and a a fine uh believer's spoken word tabernacle, you're going to, you know, you're going to make sure they have a tie or a bow tie on and when they come in through the church doors and you know, all of those things, you know, if if you just ended up having children and you just didn't weren't even planning on any of that, but you got married and here they came and so well then then you're going to how you do it is going to be removing the inconvenience as best as you possibly can. They're crying. Okay, feed them. Like, that's it's because, right, or all kinds of other reasons that are just totally bad. And I and I would say like I would hope that none of us are doing any of these things in totality, but do they impact us? Are we afflicted or impacted by that in some ways? I think so that that happens to us. And and again, this is something where we search our hearts and go, well, is this, you know, is this something I should I should be be in prayer about? So, so then if all of those are bad reasons, um we'll come back next week. No. Um we have plenty of time. So, we should actually perhaps talk about the like, well, is there really good reasons for parenting? And so, um yes, there are. Um and we're going to we're going to listen to this quote here in in just a moment. Um it I've got a seven minute uh quotation from um from questions and answers here um prepared. But I just to just to talk through something really quick. Brother uh Brandham says she needs a buddy and you're the one to be her buddy. You and I were her parents. And in my mind, I I would call this the MCD principle. And I have to unpack that for you now because you probably don't know what that is. I I don't know if anybody's familiar with Brother Paul Dirkson up in Saskatchewan, Canada. and he put together a green book that's called marriage courtship and dating and it's a really good resource and um lots of quotes um over and over and over again it's about yay thick or whatever and um and just really a just a wonderful resource and the role of a woman and role of a man and you know all of these things and talks about court what you know what brother Brandham said about marriage what brother Brandham said about courtship what brother Brandham said about dating all of these things so we had him to our church and he'll he'll take five services if you give it to him um to go through this whole thing and it probably be really great. But we gave him one at our church and so we gave him a Wednesday night and so he's like, "Okay, well, here we go." Um, and but he made this in in my in my opinion, he made this really profound statement that it's marriage. He he called the book marriage, courtship, and dating. And it's like, well, wouldn't shouldn't it be like dating, courtship, marriage? Like, shouldn't you start low and then, you know, work? And he's like, "No, because if you don't understand what marriage is, you don't know what you're doing when you're courting or dating. Right? The only reason you would court or date is that you would get married. And if you don't know what if you don't know what the final end result is, then you well, why would how would you do the other the the the starts of those things, right? You you you really wouldn't. And so so I thought I was like, well, that that's really quite brilliant. And so, but we can and we should we should we should probably think that through when it comes to parenting. What's the final stage? What are we looking for when we come to the end of the road? And the prophet gives us this example that we're going to listen to here in a little bit about having some issues and and coming to a place where he recognizes they're getting older. They going to need a buddy. So that would tell you then that the final stage of being a parent is that you have raised a godly friend. Is that this is going to be your brother and sister in Christ one day. Now, just just pro tip. If you're in Norway and young people start asking you these questions and you get kind of on this little deal and there's a sister who's about 6 months pregnant, you know, telling her that, you know, and going through what brother Brandham talked about and beyond the curtain of time and how Sharon Rose was, you know, 19 and just, you know, now it was a sister in Christ, you know, she's going to start crying because she's now thinking that the baby in her womb that she still wants to mother is going to be 19 when Jesus comes. and she wants to have that little baby. Just pro tip because I that happened anyway. So, but that's the end result, right? Like at some point in time, we're all going to be 19, 20 years old beyond the curtain of time. We're going to be brothers and sisters in Christ. We should be we're we're going to be friends with one another. And so then the final the the the end result of parenting is that you have raised children that are now some of your closest friends. And and that's consistent with what we're talking about because if now like if now we're going to give them begin to give them latitude in the in these final teenage stages and early 20s and all of these things, we're going to give them latitude to make these decisions. then then then they can't make decisions if we are if we are thumb down on top of them. They can't really truly make decisions. But if we're next to them and beside them saying, "Well, buddy, I mean, hey, this is I'm just calling what I see, right?" You know, now I'm becoming I'm becoming alongside you as a friend, a very trusted friend. And as as we raised our children, I you know, I would express to them like, "Hey, these are things that you should have told me." And I get it. I understand that perhaps you were afraid to tell your father. But I want to remind you there is no one on the face of this earth who is more for you than than your mother and I. There is no one on this earth that wants you to succeed more than we do. There's no one like like if you can't tell us, you can't. You're truly alone, man. That's right. cuz we are I I understand you think your friends are there but like they have not invested near what we have man like we are so for you. That's the truth. But if we're manifesting that and it's like man I am so for you and and because of that you are grounded for four years you know that there that's it's still true but it's lost in translation. That's right. Right. Right. So as they grow older then so then as they're as they're younger. Yes. You know look they look they can't practically breathe without your help sometimes and you know they can't eat without your help like you are like right and then they grow older and then now you're you know now you're really directing you know and you're playing the video game joysticking them around. No go left. No go right. No I said your other left. And you know all of these things right? And then, you know, and then they're growing and they're getting older and they're getting more responsible. And now you start, you know, it's like, yeah, okay, you can do some of these things. And then but but we're we're you know, we're self-reflecting in this pattern as we go through to recognize, hey, they're growing older and maybe I need to start, you know, giving, you know, backing away and giving them some more latitude. And, you know, I told Zion one day, I said, you know, I think I probably let go just a hair late. He's like, "Well, yeah, you know, but that, you know, but as you you know, hey, none of us are perfect." Uhuh. That's right. But to understand that that's what we're trying to do. So, our reasons for parenting, godly reasons for parenting, is to raise sons and daughters of God, to raise godly friends, and to glorify God. And so if you could play, I have a seven minute um portion of this message if it's okay that we listen to this because I could read the whole thing. But why? Dear brother Brandham, will all the sons and daughters of true bornagain believers be saved? No, brethren. No, they sure won't. See, as I as I copied David duplices on this remark, God don't have grandchildren. Just sons and daughters. See, they'll have to be born just exactly like their father and mother was born of the spirit. See, that's what makes a man a new person is because he's born again, reborn. His first birth brings him a natural man on earth. His second birth brings him a spiritual man of heaven. See, it changes him. His soul, not his outward cons, his outward being, his senses. He still feel, smell, taste and hear, but his inward parts, his desires, what motivates him, has been changed to God. See, now remember, the only way that this could happen would be this, just like it was in the time of the Roman centurion. Paul told the Roman, him and Silas, when he wanted to pull his sword and kill himself because God had shut the jail down with an earthquake. He said, "Do thyself no harm, see we're all here. Rise." And I wonder what he could do. He said, "Rise and be baptized, calling up on the name of the Lord, and thy and thy house shall be saved." See, in other words, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, I thy house shall be saved. Now, how if your house believes in the same way that you believe, see, you pray and commit your children to God and hold on to God, believing that they will be saved. I just went through the experience with my Rebecca just committed to God when she got to be a little teian and she was going with some girl when we first went out there going run over some girl's house taking music lessons and this girl I come by one day and here this girl was setting up piano playing rock and roll that was just enough for me so I told her stay away from over there and then she said well it's the only place they got to go take music you know how teanties get and I said every kid has to go through that practically everyone goes through that age. You did, I did. And we got to think their thoughts. So then a few days after that, her mother got at you for something and she sassed her. Now that's not Rebecca at all. Tuck off and slammed the door, almost knocked the things off the wall, went to school. Now I ought to have seemingly just taken my belt off and follow her out there in the yard and brought her back with warps around her. See? I thought, "Wait a minute. I got to think 18year-old thoughts." Now I said, "Mother, I know." And she started crying immediately. I said, "I know you done all you can do. I done all I can do. Now, if it's out of our hands, we have to take the next step." As some lady sweetly wrote the other day, it's in one of these questions. She said, "Brother Brand, you're not the Messiah, are you?" I said, "No, ma'am." She said, "We believe you to be our shepherd, but you're always partners to the great shepherd." I said, "That's right. That's right." I said, "Well, look, honey. Now, you've got to listen to him. It's hard for you to do this. I'm your husband, but people drive across the nations and around for just a few words of advice." Now, if you I talked to her the other day, and she just walked away from me. Now, Becky never did do that to me. And when her mother said something about she slammed the door and said, "Expect me to sit here and be a wall of power all my life and blam me." She slammed the door and went out. That's a devil. I remember the first two years of her life, she cried. We go into a restaurant eat. I'd walk her on the street while me to eat and then she'd walk her while I eat. Just cried, cried. And one day up here in Canada, cried all night and I couldn't rest. Everything be stand there. Now something said to me, it's a devil getting at your ministry. I said, "Hand me that baby." I said, "Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ, you take your hands off of her." She stopped right there and never cried more. She's the quietest kid of God. In that very hour, it was gone. You have to get that. You have to have that ino before you can do it. And then once she then that she started that I took Medi about an hour. I said, "Mei, take your hands off me. That's my kid." I said, "Is it mine, too?" All right. I said, "If she was dying this morning, you'd have to commit her to God for her eternal destination. Why can't we commit her to God now for her earthly journey?" And she said, "Well, that's my kid." I said, "It's mine, too." I said, "How can you take care of me? Not saying that." I said, "I never said that. We quit schooling her. Just advise her. She needs a buddy. And you are the one to be her buddy. You and I. We're her parent. These kids today needs a buddy. If they had a mother and father would stay home and take care of them instead of out here in a barroom run around all night and things like that, wouldn't have wouldn't have a juvenile delinquency. See, they got away from the Bible. They all went to church and made bunko games and things like that. And see, you're trying to polish up like Satan's ground out Hollywood. You can never bring Hollywood into the church. You got to uh mean bring uh the church into Hollywood. You got to bring Hollywood to your grounds. See, not go on their grounds. Let them come over here. We got something they know nothing about. So, we there got down on our knees and committed it to God. I said, I know she's 18 years old. We'll be in a few days and she and a girl at that age, she'll think about boyfriends. And we've kept her in. I said, I I never want to see her get married. I want her put her in an office here, do the work. I want to see her filled with the spirit and and and live like that. She said, "Well, we all wanted that." She said, "Well, we can't do that." Said, "She just won't listen to it." I said, "Wait a minute. We've raised her all we can. Now put her in the hands of God. Commit her." I said, "Then when she does anything, say, Becky, darling, mother don't want you to do that, but I'm your pal. I'll stick by you. Let her know that you love her. She's going to get somebody to love her. It might be the wrong woman." I said, "You be the woman who does the loving." I said, 'Honey, that sounds kind of crude, but people come every word said on personal interviews and things. I said, 'I'm common. We're common to one another because we're husband and wife, but we never let that happen. You must remember this is the name of the Lord. So, she said, "All right." We got out and committed to God. Said we take our hands off of it. That afternoon, she come in. She said, "Well, I guess you're still saying I ain't going over there." We said, "No, I never said nothing." Said, "You know, mother don't want you do that. You know what it like to kill your daddy when he heard you up there playing that boogie woogie music or what it was to that girl said now he didn't want you to do that and we don't want you that Becky but we just committed to the Lord I want you to know we love you whatever you do we still love you she h so I'm going anyhow said all right so went ahead and said all right I'll have separating when you get back she never did go no she's never went since not long after that she met George. George is a Christian. That that settled it. Then she's trying to tell Miss Woods about that. She said, "Oh, I got awful wild." Said, "Daddy, mother committed me to the Lord." He said, "Awful wild." But that that was wild to us. We don't want to get any wilder than that. See, just let it go like that. All right. Your brother Brandham. Amen. So, there's some good advice there, right? That's right. And brother Brandham begins to walk us through situations in his own family very transparently and begins to, you know, be but begins to model for us and not just preach to us things, but begins to model for us how they were going through and things that he recognized. And even though it was going to be hard for sister Ma, he says, "Look, like, hey, yes, I am your husband and I'd like you to do it this way, but also like, you know, he's saying like people come from around the world to hear me. you what you need to understand is the seventh angel is also saying we need to be her buddy. We need to be her buddy. And so it's beginning to transition. And so as we uh as we were looking at it with our youth, we were we we got into Galatians chapter 5, I believe it was. And and you know the book of Galatians that Paul is coming to the Galatians and saying who you know that they came in and they spied out your liberty. You were free in Christ. You had the ability to make these choices. but they've come and tried to push the law back on you. And and so so what we need to begin to understand is that what Paul is laying out for the Galatians is that they've been given liberty to make choices. The law was a school master to teach them. And so as the children are younger, we're using that school master to teach them, but at some point they've got to get into the liberty stage. And as they're becoming older, even though Becky is wanting to go and do something that she knows they're against, hey, we're your buddy. You, you know how it makes us feel, but you we're we're here for you. you know, and how that begins to change her response because now she recognizes they're not actually because at some point in time what happens is if we're keeping the law on them too much, they begin to we begin to embody the law which is against us. And I think you'll find Paul wrote about that as well. And so they'll begin to think you as the as the enforcer of the law are against them. And that's not the truth. So, we need to make sure that at appropriate times, we're beginning to allow the law of liberty into their lives, just as we need in our own Christian experience to allow the law of liberty, not that these things shouldn't be done or that they're wrong or all of these things, but that we need to be given the opi the ability to choose that path so that we might become Christlike. And so in so and so what's so beautiful is that as we begin to go through this this period now then we come into a place where becoming their godly friends is the same act as allowing them the liberty to make these choices. They gave Becky the liberty to make the choice to go or not. All right. So there's some other things. Now a small caveat really quick. If the goal of parenting is to produce brothers and sisters in Christ and good friends, make sure your definition of friends is godly, you know, if you know, and and so some brothers, if you enjoy, you know, and you're 40 years old and you're still gaming in the basement, and I'm not going to say anything against that or whatever, but you know, if like if all you're doing is raising a godly not well, you know, a buddy to play video games with you in the basement, perhaps you should update your definition of what godly friends means, right? Like we're not just saying, "Well, we want them to be friends and hang out buddies and ride roller coasters with." Like that's fun, but there's a higher calling than that, right? So, just a little caveat there. Um um from questions and answers number four, brother Brandham, what achievement should we let our pre-tage pre- pre-teenage children participate in? What activities should our pre-teen children participate in? Also, how should we go about helping them select their associates? This is a question that he was asked. And now here's his answer. Keep them in Christian company uh as long as you possibly can. If it's a girl, keep her with Christian girls. If it's a boy, Christian boys, you know, don't ever let them out the door with anyone that is not good Christian friends. Don't ever do it. If a another person comes that's not a Christian, you must not allow them to go. Sorry, I stopped reading at some point in time there, didn't I? Right. But but but we sometimes But that's not what he's saying, is it? Right. Keep them in Christian company as long as you possibly can. If it's a girl, keep her with Christian girls, Christian boys, vice versa. If she's old enough to go with a boy, see that she keeps with the right kind of boy. Now, I'm sure now the question in your minds is is like, "Oo, if she's old enough. What did he mean by if she's old enough? What age is that?" And it's good that I'm here to tell you because I know exactly what Brother Brennan was thinking when he said that. And it was the No, I don't. Some of you were way too like you. No, but there's a principle here, right? There is an age that's old enough and so we should be in prayer about what that is for our various children because it's probably different for every child. But there is a principle of that. Now discourage her to any boy otherwise or boy to a girl. If she's going with an unbeliever, try to encourage her to go with a believer and vice versa. So there is no law here. there is friends. And so, you know, I actually would, you know, I would talk to my boys and, you know, and of course and Azariah are very, very different. And so, this this whole process looks very different. You know, and at some point in time, I recognized that if I if I mentioned something about a what I thought was a godly young lady that Zion would just immediately be like, "Oh, yeah." Like, you know, and he'd be kind of interested. I was like, "Hey, buddy. Like, you got to make your own decisions here. Like, stop." He's like, "Yeah, maybe I was kind of doing that." that I was like, you know, and so, but what I would like is, you know, because I want to be your friend and, you know, guys do this, you know, it's like, hey, what about her? You know, it's like, I would like to be able to do that with you and just call what I see and then just leave it there. Is that okay? Can can we have and he's like, yeah, you know, and so and and he's great with that. And of course, well, not anymore. Camille would struggle with that one. But, you know, now that he's married, you know, but and then and then Aariah, it's just like I can every now and then, you know, but not nearly as often because then he thinks I'm pressuring him and that's fine because that's how he is, you know. But we we because we've learned we we've learned one another, right? I know what encouragement looks like. And if I was encouraging Aariah too much, that would actually be discouragement, right? So, so our children are various and different. And so, but we have to begin to understand in how to encourage and how to discourage. And that that's not a top down. That's a beside them kind of posture and and and way to go. And so, make your home nice. Make your home a place where your daughter or son will not be ashamed to bring their company before their father and mother and into their house. And make home so happy they'll be pleased in their home to stay there. And so if when you know your children bring over their friends and you come to the door and you're I see the kind of riff raft being brought around here and I'm sure you're all gone out of the basement for some evil toaduins and whatever it might be, you know, and like and your your kids are just like that is not what he's talking about here, right? Make your home nice, right? Welcome the friends, right? Be be a part of that. Encourage the right things and then discourage. And then maybe have if something goes south, you know, you have a conversation with it like, "Hey, how did that go for you? What did you think? I you know, well, I hope that never happens here again." you know, but and we begin to develop them so that the next time they make the choice to stand up and put a stop to it or something like that because they need to begin to develop that ability by your guidance to stand as men and women of God to make choices to do the hard things because they need to be able to strengthen to to the ability to make the choice that I will lay down my entire life, not just one part of it for a moment but my entire life for his cause always. Amen. So Christlike means choosing as we talked about in Galatians chapter 5 and verse one. Standf fast therefore in the liberty where with Christ hath made us free and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. So we have to ask ourselves the question who saves and protects. And so well the answer to that it's church. The answer is Jesus. And but that answer doesn't always go down easy does it? Especially to parents who have been saving and protecting for a very long time from all kinds of things. And now to begin to take your hands off and to begin to give them to to begin to let Christ actually because you've only been representing Christ through this whole time. But at some point in time, he you you have to recognize he is their savior. He is their protector. And you are not it for all of eternity. He is you've just been representing him. So if if you can commit her to God for her eternal destination, why can't you commit her to God now for her earthly journey? Oh, there we are. Sorry. Um, so 2 Timothy 1:7, as we just I want to pivot here for just just as we kind of wrap some of this up here. Um, 2 Timothy 1:7, God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of sound mind. Romans 8:14-15. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. And ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you've received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." And so, as we kind of begin to draw a lot of all these thoughts back into kind of one cohesive idea here is that we're thinking about to be Christlike must we we must choose to be Christlike. Choosing is what is what Christlike is all about. But if we're going to choose, there has to be the ability for fear to be there. And choosing would be because because what's a choice if there is no fear? It's like, you know, I mean, that's like, you know, that's like, do you want do you want cheesecake or pie? It's like, well, I mean, this is a this is a choice perhaps. I mean, you could say yes and hope that the sister gives you a slice of each. That usually happens, but maybe not. Like, it is a that's yes, it's a choice, but it's not really that's not much of a choice, though, right? But as the choices become more important, more fear and anxiety can be attached to the choice. These things have to go hand in hand, but we've not been given a spirit of fear. Uh we're not been given a spirit of bondage to fear. We're we're we're unable to make choices, but we can recognize that go that the comforter is there, that the overcomer is there inside of us, that the protector and the savior savior is there. And e and we can recognize that even when I make the wrong choices because I've been enabled to do that, I I and I've experienced I've made a wrong choice, but he never left me. Amen. That's right. Now my fear goes out the window. The next time I go, well, I want to make a better choice this time, but I can recognize that he is he is alleviating the fear by his spirit because of who he is. And now I have the liberty to make these choices and learn from them instead of thinking that these choices are either going to make me or break me completely. That's good. That being said, we want to strengthen our ability to make these choices. We want to be able to do this. And so, I want to bring um some concepts from a from a book I read by a man by the name of Jonathan Height. It was it's called The Anxious Generation. And it was a really a fantastic book um for uh you know where we are today and talks about a lot of different things about parenting. But he he he brings out it in in a concept of two basic mindsets of discover mode where a kid in discover mode will scan for opportunities. They're like a kid in a candy shop, think for themselves, and have an attitude of let me grow. No, daddy, I want to do it. It's like, you're going to fall. I want to do it anyway. Okay. And they fall like good. You've let you've let them learn something. You've not inhibited them from learning something, right? But if in a defend mode, they're always scanning for dangers. They have a scarcity mindset. It's like, well, I don't know. We should I don't know if I should go get that. Maybe we need to save that. And and cling to your team. So, mommy, daddy, family, I want to be right here with you. And a keep me safe mentality. And and and some kids are kind of very in varying places of these of these things. And we should have both of these things. We should be able to discover and we should be able to defend when we need to. We should not always like hopefully your discovery will by nature teach you to defend every now and then like hey the last time you looked over that cliff and fell like this one's farther like maybe maybe you should defend you know and and so so so a lot of discovery will will help you with your strengthening your defend. But if all you're doing it doesn't work the other way though. If all you're ever doing is defending and you're never learning the attributes of discovery, you are now binding yourselves, you're in bondage to fear. And this is what Paul is speaking of in Romans chapter 8 that we just read. We are not in a bondage of fear. We have we have we should be able to understand dangers, but we are not in bondage to fear. But here's what begins to happen is if as parents we remove the ability to be Christlike and by that I mean we remove the ability for them to make choices then all they are are is in defend mode. They never learn to strengthen their ability to discover because we have we have we have generously taken that whole ability and that whole thing away from them because we know what's best for them and they'll be happier if they just do as we have prescribed for them. Except for what's happened is is they just become anxious because why? Well, I mean well we've we've removed all of the real world from their lives. We've never allowed them to climb a tree because my goodness, they might fall, you know, and but you know what hap, you know, do you know what how educational climbing a tree and falling is? You learn about gravity. You know, like you could watch a you could watch a YouTube video. You could sit them there in defend mode, watch a YouTube video on gravity, and they could they could, you know, but if they went and discovered gravity, you know, they climb a tree, they fall, right? They've learned what gravity is. It's that force that pulls you to the earth, right? Okay. And then they now they've also learned what a femur is, you know, the fibula, the tibula, you know, I don't know, wrist, like whatever. Like now they've started to learn some anatomy, you know, now that now they know what a doctor does. Now they know what a nurse does. Now they now they know what ER stands for. Now, right, they think it's just so like it's so climbing a tree can be so educational. Think of all of the things they've discovered just because they they climbed a tree and failed. What? They made a choice. But even in that now now now they know, hey, when faced with this, be safer. Maybe don't ever do that again. Maybe that was too much. Maybe you need to strengthen. Or maybe they're crazy and they're like, "Well, I'm going to just like try it again with the cast, you know?" And that's like and but but they're learning their limits. They're learning their boundaries. They're learning their abilities. Imagine going into life not knowing your boundaries. Not knowing your abilities and not knowing your limits. I mean, and it's like, well, that sounds like anxiety to me. Now I'm like, now I'm going to now I'm going to an interview. Now I'm going to a job. I don't even know what I can do. How am I going to like, you know, what if they ask me if I've ever climbed a tree in the interview? Like, I'll have to say no. Like, that's a scary interview, right? Like, that's probably never going to happen. But but you begin to understand in discovery we begin to develop because we're making choices and those choices are strengthening us because we're not in bondage to fear and we're learning what choice like we're learning the ins and outs of making choices. So, it's structuring for us that one day there's an in and out of making the ultimate choice to choose Jesus Christ. And you'll be able to sit there and go there is all kinds of reasons that and this is how we you know to be honest. Isn't this how like we don't want to be some Pharisee to our children. It's like you need to love Jesus. It's like I don't I don't want to have to be that way. What I hope that I hope that I'm such a friend to them that they want to do what their friends do. Amen. I hope that like it's like this isn't even like we're okay we're talking about it's a choice but the but it's Jesus we're talking about right like he's so amazing that the that the that the concept of not choosing him is just kind of ridiculous in our household. I mean it is the greatest thing ever. Everybody thinks that. Everybody believes that. Everybody feels that. Everybody operates within the glories and the wonders and the benefits of that that just like there's so many reasons that are on display to choose him in our household. And it should be the same in every one of our households. You know, as I've said, you know, the best way for to get your kids to love Jesus, love Jesus. Let them see what it looks like. Let them see how amazing it is. make the choice. Amaz like like the you know it's like look you're stupid if you don't choose Jesus. It's like look we don't say that in our household but we say that in our household right like it's like it's not expressly said but it's it's inferred in every single part of our life and not even in a negative way. It's like Jesus is just so great. I really don't understand why you would choose the devil or yourself you know right? And so, so we have these this this idea then that we're not we've not given a bondage to fear. Then then what we need to make sure that we're doing is allowing our children and even bringing our children into discovery and play and all of these things because it's so important that they understand that they can make choices and how that works because we want them to be Christlike. And so, you know, I would just ask you which strengthens a child more, right? And and though in this in these photos here, you know, where we have the trampoline most of us grew up with if you're 30 or older, you know, and then and then, you know, that isn't allowed anymore or the your homeowners insurance will cancel you. And then the one that you can get at Costco now. And what this image doesn't show is the proximity of the parent in the image as well. In this in in this one over here, the parent is no like they do not even know if the kids are on this trampoline or not. And here the parent is just off to the side here making sure that everything's okay. Right. And just and so it's like which one but which one strengthens the children more? like well well I mean the one that you can you know you know land and your leg falls through the one that you can actually fall off the one that's slightly dangerous and actually fun because the other one with the net is actually like that was great for like three jumps and now it's just kind of lame. It's that like if we're honest with ourselves like there's, you know, because like well what does a young man do, you know, when like like like if he's got a bicycle and and he's got a and he's got like, you know, a 2x10 and a 2x4, well, he makes a ramp, you know, like that's what it's what you do, right? You know, and you you you begin the process, right, of learning, right? you you pedal over that and you go kind of slow and then you you know and then the board kicks up as you come to the end of it and you realize okay I got to move that board down that way a little bit and you know and then actually I went too slow and it actually was worse because I went slow so I actually got to speed up and so yeah some of the guys are like yeah this is like my childhood this is great right and so and then you kind of get to the point where like now it's like yeah that was great and it's like but it's not high enough and so you get some more 2x4s or you cut that one in thirds, you know, and now you stack some more up there and now you begin to you okay, you go too slow and then you go, "Oh, yeah, that's right. I learned that it was too slow is is is not good, you know, and so I got to make sure I have a little bit more speed and you go a little bit higher and it's like, oh, this is amazing, you know, and and then it keeps getting higher and it keeps getting higher until, you know, and you had a great time." And what did you do? You you you gradually brought in the danger and you gradually overcame the fear. And that's how it works. And somehow we've lost sight of that in our culture today. And we don't allow like that's this is just our culture right here. It's like my goodness, have the pads, have the net, don't allow any danger. Stay in a bondage of fear. And that right there is what the the first first angel messenger was warning us about in Romans. No, probably not specifically that. But but but that kind of mindset is what was happening. It's like we're not in bondage to fear. You don't have to sit there and worry about the Pharisees. Bam, bam, bam, bam. No. Make choices. Allow Jesus to come alongside you and guide you and strengthen you because he's less worried about you doing it right than he is about you becoming the same thing that he is about you strengthening your own life spiritually so that you would make the same decisions that he would make as he enables you to make the choices. He begins to recognize he's a chip off the old block. He does it just like I do. She does it just like I would. But but if we but if all it was was this no choice and you stayed within the pads and within the net, then all you were ever going to do is jump the way you're supposed to jump. And your Christian life will look like you're jumping like three times and then you're like, can I have my phone back now? Speaking of which, but anyway, we'll get to that in a moment. Um, my children speak to the enemies as we read there in Psalms. They shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate. We read the scripture like like that that our children are heritage of the Lord, but they won't be ashamed. They'll speak with the enemies in the gate. This is what raising Christlike children means is that you are giving them the tools to strengthen to such a point that when they're older, they will come and the enemies will be standing there and they won't have a problem speaking to them in the gate. They won't have a problem with saying, "No, you get packing, man. We don't allow you around here. You're an enemy. Go." All right. Because if we don't, the enemy is going to come to the gate and they're going to go, they're going to go, "My goodness, give me my pads and my net." But that's not what the scriptures saying. But we never get we never get them to speaking to the enemies in the gate. We never get them to just telling the devil to be go get packing if we don't ever allow them choices to strengthen their own hearts and their own lives. Amen. the unconditional covenant that God made with the people don't give you permission to sin. Now remember that. But what I'm trying to get is the fear knocked out of you. Even brother Brandham's own ministry. He's sitting here grappling with the fear of the people. He's spending minutes of of preaching and ministry. He's about to have a prayer line, but he can't get the people to get out of like like, hey, to get out of the pads and to get out of the net and to come down and to come into the prayer line to be able to choose to accept what Christ has for them. Because they're sitting there going, "Well, maybe God actually wants me to be sick because of what I've done. Maybe I'm not worthy of that." You see, they have a scarcity mindset. They're in defend mode. I'm fine. My problems aren't killing me yet. You know, the guy the guy the guy in the Bible sat there for 38 years and it was fine for him. Maybe I need to just sit my 38 years. And brother Brennham has to go to battle with this spirit of bondage to fear. And he says, I'm trying I'm trying. And what's he what he's saying is is that Abraham went down there, lied to the king of Ger. And the king of Ger, you know, takes Sarah and he's about to marry her. And Abraham's sitting there and he says, "Backslid." And then God goes and he speaks to the king and says, "You're as good as a dead man." He's like, "Lord, right? In the integrity of my heart, I've done this. He said it was her sister. I know. Go have him pray for you. [Laughter] I'm not the one that lied. Yeah, but that man's my prophet." And brother Brandham is saying, "See, I'm trying to get the fear knocked out of you to recognize who you are, to discover who you are, to walk into that understanding, to live in that understanding, to get to get out of the bondage of fear, and to begin to experience the glories and the richness. And sometimes, yes, you'll do it wrong, but he'll still be there, you're always scared about something, don't be scared. God has promised. God has got to do it if you believe it. If you're the seed of Abraham, he says, "If you can ever get the scare out of the church and let them realize who they are and what they are positionally, healing will be the simplest message to be preached or anything else." But you're scared. You're afraid. You don't realize you're sons and daughters of God. And now, not will be now. We are now sons and daughters of God. Not way off in the future. And we won't sometime in the future sit in heavenly places, but now we're seated in heavenly places right now. And how now we are the sons and daughters of God. It does not yet appear what we shall be in the end, but we know we'll see him for we'll have a body like his. We'll see him as he is. And so, isn't this what's happening then? Is is that is that, you know, we don't want to be caught in this same place where we're now trying to get our our older teens now to come and accept Christ. But the embodiment of Christ or the representation of Christ to them as their parents has been one of you don't have choice at all ever. And then now we're like you're 16, you need to be born again. Get up there and make a choice. Like that sounds terri. Like that's scary, man. Like and if I don't do it right, I'll be lost for forever. Thank you very much. You know, like and we're like, "Yeah, go go go get up to the altar. Make a choice for Jesus." you know, we've we haven't met let you, you know, and and and and you know, we haven't we haven't built you up, you know, to be able to make choices and to get over fears and now you're just have anxieties because all you've done is kind of sat in your room and uh looked at your phone and, you know, and all of these things. And so, and so now we're asking you to step up and make a courageous decision for Jesus Christ. And we're asking you to have courage. And we've never given you the tools to to grow in courage. And we've kind of scared you with all of the things you should or shouldn't do. And if you don't do them right, well then, you know, that's not good. And so, what do you think their opinion of Christ is? And I'm not saying whether it's a good or bad opinion, but they're going to come forward going, "God, you probably shouldn't love me. Uh, you're kind of scary. You have all kinds of restrictions and laws and everything. I would like to choose you, but you know, kind of safe right now. Maybe choosing you would be scary. Maybe choosing you would make me have to do things that I'm not ready to. You see what we've developed? What we've done is we've developed our children to that to that to that spot right there. And there's there's no one to blame but ourselves because of how we've developed them by by removing all these choices and enforcing a legalism on them that they haven't and and haven't staged that out to where they begin to understand how making choices for Christ is good for them. And so I think the balance then is representing Christ until Christ can be embodied. Amen. So, um, so we're just a little bit over time, but I want to just one thing that I could point out from the book of Trevor. Um, this is from the tech and parenting chapter. Um, and and I would just say this is as someone who's you who's who's worked with youth a lot, who has raised his own children until my youngest daughter is 19. Weep with me later. um you know is that is that um this like I understand if they're in public school they need a phone you want to be able to contact you and things like that they'll probably be okay but but you know okay give them a phone but restrict the apps right just make it a phone you know put Google Maps on there remove the browser you know the couple of things they need they need to you know two buttons is what I always said you know call mom call dad that's all they that's that's all the phone that they would have needed until they were 16 you know, and so we didn't give our our children phones until they were 16 or very very close to it and no social media until 18. And I would say this is the reason why because it it just goes right into their fear is we all know that these things are so highly addictive that they're going to stay there and what the and this is defend mode. They are not just they are not learn they can watch a YouTube video on on gravity on this but they will not learn it in the same way that they will climbing a tree. They will not they will there's no there is simulated choice on these devices but there's no real choice and so if your children are annoying you and they will and you are tempted to go watch this get on this thing you will be quiet and I can be sane fair enough we've been there Right. But be careful. Be be be mindful of of the opportunity cost as they sit there and just do that. What are they not experiencing? What are they not discovering? What are they not? And so I you you're going to have to manage technology in your own way in your own families. But what I can tell you is is that they are not they are not ready for the onslaught of the media that will come at them. That's right. because of the aforementioned um prefrontal cortex, they are not ready for it. They are not ready for it. And if if you are are if you are enabling that too early, you are taking away their their their ability to strengthen their choices. And you you may find yourself in a in a in a big world of hurt because these phones will just put them in that defined mindset mindset and will put them in a bondage of fear and not into liberty, not into discovery and not into um the the that ability to learn and to grow and to strengthen. They will not strengthen on their phones. That's that's just not going to happen. Maybe musicians, you can come. As I said, our balance here then is as we bring our children, our own hearts to Christ is that God, I want to be in liberty from fear. Maybe we can sing that song. Um I'm I'm um no longer a slave to fear. Amen. Um but but but that we that we that like I said, if if you're if you're not in the parenting stage right now, but you're parenting your own heart and you can you can begin to say to your own heart, "Am I in bondage of fear? Is there a fear here that I'm worried about? How could I how could I begin to structure my life into overcoming these fears? Into discovering the liberties that Christ has for me because I want to strengthen my life so that I can recognize that the the depth of the choice that I have in Christ. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, tonight we love you, Lord Jesus. And I just I just hope that this was encouraging to parents and to non-parents alike. Maybe to grandparents, maybe to young people that are that will be parents one day, Lord Jesus, that they can recognize, Lord Jesus, that Father, that it's about you and it's about our choice of you, Lord Jesus. But Lord, we look at you and we see your glories and we see your wonder. Like Lord, we truly we can only wonder that those who don't choose you do not choose you. Lord, I'm captivated by you. Lord, Father, the the instructions that you give us in your word, the the beauty of the life that you give the true believer, Lord Jesus. You take away our fear, you come alongside us, and you lovingly shepherd us, oh God, and you desire us to be your bride. Lord, the amazing God who could speak and speak light into existence. The Almighty wants to dwell with me. Father, my heart is open to you now and we love you. We praise the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Speak to us now as we worship you in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave slave to fear. [Music] For I am a child of God. You unravel me with a meloy for you surround me with a song. Oh Lord deliverance from my enies till all my fears hallelujah are gone and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave. Oh, and I was able to choose him. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, from my mort's world, for you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. I have I've been born again into your family. Your blood flows through my veins and I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] Oh, this is who I am. I have no longer space to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. [Music] You split my seat so I could walk right on through it. My fears are drowning perfect love. Lord, you resueed me. I will stand and sing. I am a child of God. Oh, let's stand and worship him. You swim the sea. I could walk right on through it. Oh, my fears are drowned in perfect love. Oh Lord, you have rescued me. So I will stand and sing. I am. I'm a child of God. [Music] No longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. [Music] You know that old song um I will serve thee because I love thee. Remember that? I will serve thee because I love thee. Oh, you have given them life to me. [Music] And I was nothing before you. You found me. You have given lives to me. heartaches. [Applause] Oh, heartaches [Music] and broken pieces. [Music] Who lives? Oh, why you died? Oh, calary your Oh yes. For you have given life to me. Empty and broken. I came back to him. of their soul unworthy. So scars by sin, but he did not despair. He started over again. And I bless the day. He did it. Throw the clay away. I'm so glad. Over and over. He molds me and makes me all into his likeness. He fashions the clay a vessel of honor that I am today and it's all because Jesus did his throw the clay way. Oh, well, he is the part of Oh, yes. And I am the Oh, what a glorious revelation. I am molded in molded in his image. That's how he wants me to stay. But when I stumble and fall and my vessel breaks, he just picks up the broken pieces. Oh, he doesn't throw like it all away. Oh, it is over and over. He holds me and he makes me and his likeness. Oh, he fashions fashions. Oh, a vessel of honor that I am today. And it's all because of Jesus. He can throw the clay away. Oh, a vessel of on earth that I am today. And it's all because Jesus, you throw the clay away. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. You've been blessed tonight. Hallelujah. Think of how brother Brandham, Brother Ram says it. He said, you know, he said, if God chose me before the foundation of the world without me having a choice within that and then when his presence would come by and I would choose him, he said, "How much more will he not raise me up if I go by the way of the grave?" Because our choice is really only reflective of the choice that was made before the foundation of the world. Aren't you glad like his his presence comes by to dismantle fear. Amen. Drive away discouragement, but never to make the choice for us, but to encourage us in the right things and to discourage us in the wrong things. Aren't you glad? Amen. You know, think about it. If the rapture was bringing people to another dimension that really don't want to serve you, because the rapture doesn't change the character, right? So, I mean, to think about that, if you if God was going to rapture people that don't want to be with him now, I mean, why why? But but you see the whole the whole thing of the rapture is the catching away to a wedding supper from a union that's taken place right here by divine love. And you know just like we're standing here tonight every one of us had a choice. Everybody had a choice. Like even when the scripture says forsake not to assemble yourselves together as the manner of some is. That was a choice. So everything is a choice. And you know, it it very it comes down to such a a simple thing. We've we've all made wrong choices. We've all made bad choices. And I'm not just talking about when before God got a hold of our life. But even now, it's choices. It's choices. And you know what it is? Is God give us the grace to have the humility to realize when we made the wrong choice and to learn. Lord, I want to learn. And he wants to teach us. You know, that's one thing about our God. He doesn't rub your nose or my nose in the dirt. He wants to teach us. So why? Because the next time we come to that choice, he wants to be standing there and looking and saying, "Yes, they got it this time." Because we everything I know I know I'm right here tonight. There's certain things I can say, "Man, I don't want to have to go through that again." But every test that I fail, I got to go through it again. And eventually eventually it's going to be passed. Amen. Lord, let me let me just take your grace. Let me accept that grace. Let me recognize that you're bigger than me and you're greater and and he's there to guide us. Amen. Now, I know when brother Trevor mentioned that about the net and the trampoline, but aren't you glad when the when the comforter has come, we're not put on autopilot. It's there to guide us. He said he would lead and guide us into all truth, not make us, not push us. See, that's part of our growing into adoption is choices. Amen. And he's right there alongside of us. Aren't you glad for that? I I just to me I really really really enjoyed the service tonight. Really enjoyed it tonight because it it goes beyond just of of parenting. I love the opening statement and he made it again is think about the parenting of our own heart because that's true. It's the parenting of our own heart. And we want our heart in the right place to receive the right kind of influence. Right? And that's the same thing when we come to our children, come with everything. God, that's my heart as a pastor, husband, father, so forth. Amen. Don't you just love him? Amen. Amen. Brother Trevor, thank you. Yes. Thank you. Amen. If you want to come back, if you want to come back and [Applause] Amen. It's been so good to have him and sister anime. Thank you all for coming. And I know you were here on other business, but man, I'm so glad. I'm glad this worked out. Amen. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in a word of prayer tonight. And Amen. I know that brother Trevor's already prayed and if any any request, anything you have on your heart and even as we go our separate ways, let's just put it before the Lord. God knows our hearts. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, choice after choice after choice. Lord, as we stand here tonight, that's our desire is choices that lead us closer to you, Lord. Father, as you work and you deal with each of our lives, each of us, Lord, even as we're gathered here tonight, Father, throughout this portion that's gathered here, each each are at different stages. But you know, Lord, that's what I love about you is how that you work with us right where we're at. You've got a goal. There's a purpose. There's a desire, Lord, for that embodiment. And then when Lord that embodiment has come like Paul would say until Christ be formed in you and then Lord as that spirit of adoption enters into our hearts the spirit of truth he's there to then lead us and guide us into all truth teach us tutor us guide us bringing us Lord God to that place what you have in your kind father into full adoption. Lord, how we are so thankful, God, for your mercies. Help us, Lord. Help each and every one of us that are gathered here, no matter where we're at. May we not, Lord, look at ourselves, but may we look to you. And oh God, may our hearts be strengthened even from taking counsel from your word at the mistakes that we've made. Father, may you with your presence, oh God, just cause our hearts like you described that through brother Trevor with Sister Hadtie's voice. The choice was accelerated, Lord Jesus. We need divine assistance, Lord. We need your presence, Lord. We need, Lord, the sweeping of the Holy Ghost, Lord, through every service, Lord. And father, even as we would give ourselves in prayer, Lord, asking not our will but thine will be done. Oh God, be the sole influence, Lord. Grant it, Lord. Influence us, Lord. You know the decisions, the choices. You know what we have ahead of us, Lord. I pray, God, always be the influence, Lord. Come right alongside us, Lord. Guide us and direct us, Lord. how you said so faithfully you'd be a father to us Lord to walk in us Lord. Oh thank you for your mercy tonight Lord. Thank you for brother Trevor and sister Ana May. Lord how we so enjoyed ourselves at your table tonight Lord. Father, we walk away from here, Lord, oh God, with Lord Jesus, a greater desire, Lord, to make choices, Lord, just leading to you, Lord. Help us tonight, Lord. We pray. May you go with your children, watch over Brother Trevor and him, Lord, as they would travel back home, Lord. And I pray for the rest of us, Lord. Be with us tomorrow throughout the day. God, bring us all back at the appointed time. Should you, Terry? We love you. We thank you so much, Father, for your mercy in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed in the name of the Lord of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the King. Oh, I want his ro. He now flows through my bed and I was stretching and but I can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Yes. I'm a child. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of my king. I know who I am. Oh, his roy now flows through my veins and I who was stretching and more than he can see. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, I am a child of the king. Oh yes and oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. I'm sending his royal blood. His royal blood moving now through my flow through my veins tonight. Who has stretches and oh but I now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I a child. I'm a child of one more time. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I am a child of the king. Oh his royal blood. He now flows through my veins. And I who was rich and poor. [Music] Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, I am the child of the I'm a child of the king. Oh, freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freedom ways, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. Oh, I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. Oh, I'll taste your freedom. Oh, freedom to worship. I've got freedom to worship. Freedom to praise. Freedom to walk in a freedom face. Freedom to sing. Freedom to dance. I have been gi. And I'm not going back into the enemy's kingdom. I tasted freedom. Amen. I'm not a prisoner. I'm not a prisoner anymore. Oh my soul and joy has been restored. Oh, he broke the chains that once held me. Oh yes, the sun has made me free indeed. And I can shout freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in a freedom race, freedom to sing, freedom to dance. Oh, I haven't given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I taste your freedom. Oh yes. Oh. Oh yes. Oh his love destroyed the cage of sin. Oh, and just one touch and I'm new again. Oh, no longer bound by anything. [Applause] Oh, each day I let my freedom free. Oh, freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in a freedom ways, freedom to sing. I've got the freedom to dance. Oh, I have been gi second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I tasted freedom. Oh yes, I'm not a prison. No, I'm not a prisoner anymore. Oh, my soul has been restored. I'm so glad that he had broke the chain that won't save me. Oh, the sun has made me free indeed. And I can sing. Freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in freedom ways, the freedom to sing, the freedom to dance. Oh, I have been gi second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I taste the freedom. Oh hallelujah. Oh his love. Oh his love destroyed the cage of sin. Oh hallelujah. It was just one touch and I'm new again. Oh thank you Lord. No longer bound by anything. Oh, each day I will let my freedom ring. Oh, and I can shout freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in the freedom race, freedom to sing. We got the freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I taste your freedom. Oh hallelujah. Oh yes. I've got freedom to worship, freedom to praise, freedom to walk in his freom ways, freedom to sing. I've got the freedom to dance. I have been given a second chance. I'm not going back to the enemy's kingdom. I taste your freedom. Oh yes, oh I tasted freedom. Oh yes, oh Lord. Oh, I tasted freom. Hallelujah. Where do I go?
