################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - A Time to Heal - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   A Time to Heal - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ZXNzawXpc
========================================

[Music] I sing that's [Music] too I'm happy and Lord I sing because I'm [Music] free. His eye is on the SP arrow and I know he's watching me. [Music] Why should I feel discouraged? Why should the shadows come? [Music] Why should my heart be lonely? And long for heaven and home. When Jesus is my portion. Oh hallelujah. Oh my God a praise is he. Oh, his eye is all the sparrow. And I know that he watches [Music] [Applause] me. Oh, I sing cuz I'm happy. I see because I'm free. Oh, his eyes on the [Music] sparrow and I know he's watching me. Let's sing it again. Oh yes, I sing because I'm happy. Oh, and I sing because I'm free. His eye is on the SP and I know he's watching me. Let not your heart be troubled. [Music] his word I [Music] hear resting on his goodness. I lose my doubts and my fears. My path he leadth, but one step I may see and his eye is on the sparrow and I know he's watching me. Help me sing, church. Well, I sing because I'm happy. Oh, I sing because I am free this morning. His eyes is on the sparrow and I know he's watching me. Whenever I am [Music] tempted, whenever clouds arise, when songs give place to sight, when my hope within me dies, I draw the closer to him. from care. He sets me free. His eye is on the sparrow and I know he's watching me. Let's all say it. How sing it? I sing because I'm happy. And I sing because I'm free. Yes, sir. His eye is on a sparrow and I know he's watching. Help me sing one more time. Oh yes, I sing this morning cuz I'm happy. And I sing because I'm free. His eye is on the SP and I know he's watching me. Oh, hallelujah. Come on, one more time. Yes, I see. Oh yes, I'm happy. I sing because this morning you set me free. His eyes. It's all hallelujah. And I know he's [Music] watching for his eye is on the SP and I know he's [Applause] watching. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sounds like that song. He's all over me and he's keeping me alive, right? Hallelujah. Oh my. How many is thankful for God's grace this morning? How many knows you wouldn't be here in this building this morning if God hadn't drawled you? Amen. So thankful God draw us here this morning to hear his word. What wonderful words of life we're going to hear. Amen. Praise God. Brother Shane, if you come, brother, ask Brother Shane to open the service of prayer this morning. We have just a few prayer requests. We'll take these before the Lord. Amen. Y'all sound real good this morning. Ready to worship. Praise God. Amen. It's good to be here in the house. Lord, please remember sister Gloria in prayer. Uh she's traveling back to Tennessee today. God bless sister Gloria. It's been good to have her with us a couple services. Amen. May the Lord watch over her and keep her safe. Amen. Uh prayer for our Sunday school class upstairs. God lead and guide. The sisters are asking for prayer. God would lead them and guide them upstairs uh when uh teaching the children. May God grant that. Sister Naomi says uh prayer for my family and my lost loved ones. The Lord knows. Amen. God bless sister Naomi. Trust God take care of that. The last one here says uh from Sister Stephanie. Please continue to pray for my friend Heather Kans and for Gilbert Landy to come back to the Lord. Also, I have a special need for my family. The Lord knows. God bless you. Amen. I believe God take care of all that, Sister Stephanie. That sounds that's exactly the kind of work God does. Amen. Praise God. How many say amen to that? Put your faith together with all these prayer requests. I have a special need on my heart this morning for a loved one that's close to me. If you have a need this morning, raise your hand. Amen. Look around you. Maybe see somebody that got their hand raised. Amen. You pray for them. Take their prayer request. You don't know what it is, but God knows what it is. Let's just pray one for another this morning. Amen. As brother Shane would come and praise the Lord. [Music] just bows. Gracious heavenly father, what a privilege, Lord, it is to be here, Lord. Father, just to feel the warm sunshine outside, Lord. And may that just sweet spirit move inside here, Lord, as we open the doors of our heart, Lord, that you are welcome in this place, Father. May you forgive us, Lord, of any shortcomings, anything that we have said or done that was unlike you, Lord. And may you just be free to move, Lord, this morning, Father. These requests of loved ones, Father, and just as Brother Brian said, we are here because of your grace, Lord, and not forgetting how far that you've brought us, Lord. And what you do for us, you can do for them, Lord. And we remember all of our loved ones, Father, that they would come to know you, Lord. And Father, just the different ones still fighting sicknesses and illnesses, Lord. You, Lord, are still the healer of all diseases, Lord. And that's the report that we will believe. Father, may you just come in a special way. Use Brother Samuel. Give him strength. And Lord, help him to get out of his way. Out of the way. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother. Amen. Church says, "Amen." Right. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Peace of God, cover me. So, brothers, take ties now, friends. God bless them. Cover me. Cover me. Oh peace of God, cover me through the soul. Cover me. How many wants more of the peace of God in your life? Help me, Lord. Oh Jesus of [Music] God. Lord cover me through all my trials. Lord peace of God cover me through my soul. [Music] Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus. For only you I save nowhere else. Only in you [Music] I only in you. Lord, cover me. Let's sing that again. Only in you, Lord, and only in you I am saved. Hallelujah. He's my rock. Only in you I secure. You're my shelter. Only you I cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through my soul. Oh, cover me with all seems so cover. Hallelujah. Peace passes. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Cover me. Cover me. Pray it. Sing it again one time as a prayer. Peace of God, cover [Music] me. Cover me. Cover me. Yes, Lord. Peace of God, cover me through the [Music] storm. Cover me. It's only in you, Lord. Only in you I am saved. Only in you I'm [Music] secure. Only in you I find peace. So Lord, cover me. [Applause] Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm strong. Cover me when I am going through the stor. I'll be with all your I sto and the peace that passes all I [Music] understand cover me cover let the peace that passes all I stand. Cover me. [Applause] [Music] Cover me. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. How many wants to keep growing in that stature of a perfect man this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. We wait with patience for God's promises. All those prayer requests we read, we went with patience and faith for those people felt. Amen. Praise God. Let's testify of what God's going God's already done for us. Amen. I'm going to sing this song before my voice gives out on me. Y'all help me sing. I'm trying to sing as as as good as you guys are. And it's my voice. Amen. But Amen. If you look at what Jesus did for you and you don't see how much he loves you, you need to read the story again. Amen. Praise God. Let's trust the Lord this morning. Let's praise his name a little bit. In the town of Bethlehem, God came down to visit man. Wasn't that [Music] love? Wasn't that love? He knew the pain and loness as he wore the robe of flesh. Wasn't that love? Oh, [Applause] wasn't [Music] that how he left his home? Thank you, Lord. I don't care. Hallelujah. Now, just to save someone like me. Every day I'm still the face. There's only one thing left to say. Wasn't that as he stood in pil. He never said a word at all. Wasn't that love? [Music] wasn't enough. He heard the mob yet [Music] crucified, but he knew that he came to die. Yes. Wasn't [Applause] that wasn't how he left his soul. my own time. Oh Lord, just to save a rich like me every day still for sing. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? Hallelujah. As he laid there in the tomb, he did just what he came to do. Wasn't that love? Wasn't that love? Oh, hallelujah. But then he rose up from the grave so many [Music] [Music] Just to say every day there's only one thing left to say wasn't Yeah. Sing that third verse again. Hallelujah. I love his writing. As he lay there in that tomb, he did just what he came to do. Oh, wasn't that love? Hallelujah. Oh, baby. Oh, yeah. [Music] He died over. Yes sir. Just to save a friend like me every [Applause] [Music] day. Only one thing left to say wasn't every day still. There's only one thing left to say. Oh, wasn't that [Applause] wasn't Oh, hallelujah. Love lifted me. Love me. Love me. I was sinking deep in sin. Far from the peaceful shore, very deeply stained within seeking to rise no more. Hallelujah. But the master of the sea, he heard my despairing cry. Hallelujah. from the waters lifted me. Now say I see it church. Yeah, it sounds good. Try it again now. Love me. Nothing else could help. His love lifted me. Yes. His love. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh, come on now. Hallelujah. All my heart to him. I give yes, Lord. Ever to him I'll cling in his blessed presence live. Ever his praise. He's worthy. Hallelujah. He's worthy. Love so mighty. Yes. It merits my soul's best song. My faithful loving service you do to him all his [Music] love. Yes. His love me. Oh nothing else would help lifted me. All his love me love me. Oh nothing is love. Souls in danger look love. I know this part. Jesus completely saved and he will live by his love out of the angry way. Hallelujah. Yes, he's the master of my sea. The pillows his will. Be [Music] yourself be saved to me. Yes. His love lifted me. His love lifted me when he testified. Thou lifted me. Oh, live me. [Music] Woo. One more [Music] time. Hallelujah. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe in you. I'll always believe in you. Yes, Lord. Oh, I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart. Your presence I find, Lord. I believe in you and I'll keep my trust in you. Amen. Hallelujah. Let this whole world say what they may. No one can take this joy. Glory way. Lord, I believe. You help me sing. I'll always believe in you, Lord. I'll always believe in you. Though I can't see you with my eyes, deep in my heart. Your presence I find. Lord, I believe in you and I'll keep my trust in you. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Let this whole world say what they made. No one can take this joy, this joy away, Lord, I need. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Walk with me for you. Walk with me. How many wants to walk with the Lord this morning? Yes, that's our invitation. For you are worthy. Walk with [Music] me for you are worthy. [Music] Hallelujah. I believe this part church. Amen. Before the world began. Amen. You were my friend. Walk with [Music] me for you are worthy. Oh, here's my response. Lord, I'll walk with you. For you've made me [Music] worthy. I'll walk with you. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Every day, Lord. Lord, you made me worthy. Yes, Lord. Before the world began, I believe I was in your plan. Oh, I guess Lord, I'll walk with [Music] you. For you've made me worthy. [Music] I'll walk with you. Hallelujah. [Music] For you made me worthy. I'll walk with you. Amen. Help me sing, church. For you made me worthy. [Music] Before the world began, I believe I was in your plan with you. Yes, Lord. For you've made me [Music] I'm going to sing that song. By his word, I'll prevail. Hallelujah. Amen. How many knows you're going to prevail? Prevail by God's word. Amen. Amen. As our pastor comes, we're looking forward to the word of God this morning. Let's pull on the word of God this morning. Pull your need out of this service. Amen. Praise God. By his word, I'll prevail him. By his [Music] word, I'll prevail. Testify this morning by his word. found her faith by his word. I'll [Music] overcome by his word. I overcome. I will fail. Oh, hallelujah. I like this is great. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, I pre his [Music] [Applause] grace is by his grace. How [Music] overcome? By his grace, my God I will prevail. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your love, Lord. By his love, he first loved me. I prevail. By his love, how perfect. By his love, Lord, I overcome [Music] God. By his love, I [Music] overcome. I will prevail. Our pastor comes. Somebody sing this. Yes. By his word. Hallelujah. Oh, I prevail. Amen. By his word, I'll never f by his [Music] word. I am the word. Yes, power overcome. Yes, I will prevail and I'm going to make it. He already said that I he saw us all over there, right? Hallelujah. So I'll keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. He walks beside me. Heaven is in my view. [Music] Yes. Yes, Lord. By your grace, I'm going to make it through. He said, "I'd make it." Yes, [Music] I make it. He already said that I would go and I keep on trusting that he's working everything for my good. Oh yes, he walks beside me. and heaven in my view. Oh hallelujah. Glory now. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, because it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Yes, [Music] it [Music] was all the love that gives me strength from [Applause] day to day. It's my soul. It suits. Yes, it suits my doubts. Oh, yes. [Music] My same blood drive my tears. The love that gives me strength from day to day and you will never heaven reaches to the highest mountain. It flows through the Lord. Oh, that gives me strength from this day to day. And he will never lose his power. His sin will [Applause] [Music] never lose. [Music] never lose its [Music] power. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. We're living witnesses of that, aren't we? Amen. In this in this day and age and time that we live in, yet God is still the same God. He does the same. He does the same that he's always done. His nature's never changed. His words never changed. Amen. The victory is still the same. Amen. Everything around, we know that there's nothing new under the sun. We know we're living in a time like it was as in the days of Lot and and Noah and the conditions and where everything was. But you know, God made a promise and he's kept his promise in this hour that he would make himself known as the revealing of the son of man. Not just a portion, but God in his fullness. That the God of glory who came down and created a blood cell and a body and stepped into it to redeem you and I. Amen. Now that redemption has been done, what he showed back there to Abraham, when he picked up dust, blew it, and stepped into it, it was not the dust. The prophet said, the dust went back to the earth, but it was what God did through that dust. And now through and by the redemption that's come through Calvary, through the Holy Ghost, now that same son of man, he came back down through, he took a body Amen. That seventh angel messenger and he spoke through a redeemed vessel. That's it. And let me say this, he didn't leave his body. It is now Christ in you the hope of glory. Glory is the power of redemption. That's how powerful redemption is. It's not by your works. It's not by your worthiness. It shows you the power of redemption that it's God who workketh within you. Oh my. Oh my. Then what situations too hard for him? What's too great for the Lord? Oh my. Amen. Amen. We certainly love you this morning and so good to be in the house of the Lord. And uh if Brother Carlos, were you able to hand out some more of those books today? Were you able to hand out some of those books as people came in? Okay. Is there still some that haven't got the books? Okay. So, right after the service, maybe see I know brother Carlos will be out there pretty uh quick and so maybe after that just ask them where they're at. They'll get them to you. Um also just want to uh ask for your prayers this coming week. My wife and I will be u traveling to Edmonton and um to the minister there uh three Easter meeting services for brother Ed Hammermeister. Some of you uh remember brother Harold Hildebrandt and that's that's the that's the assembly. So we'll be going there and we have services this that coming weekend. So just ask you'd keep us in prayer and um so and also want to I we sent out the calendar there before and just keep posted on it of the the meetings uh that are going to be upcoming the first weekend uh of May for us. Brother Jeremy Shriner um he's going to he's going to be in uh for us and uh I believe and I know you'll certainly be blessed by brother Jeremy's ministry. And so we just wanted to have he was was going to be here and so we wanted to do that and then there'll be more announcements coming out regarding May and um some different brothers and ones coming through in May. So um just good good things in the Lord. Amen. Amen. And so Amen. Let's just can we approach him in a word of prayer? Amen. And let's just put our needs before him. Amen. And whatever that you might even feel like that you're overwhelmed. You might feel like this is too great and it is for you. It would be for me and it is for more mortal man. But nothing's too great for God. And if we can just invite him in this way and say, Lord, just let me see you in your glory. Let me see you as a mighty conqueror for this need. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we approach your throne through the grace that's been provided for us through the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we're so thankful for this privilege and opportunity. Now, Lord, there's there's needs and requests, Lord, that have already been taken up before you in prayer. And there's needs upon the hearts that Lord that are unspoken situations, things that Lord that are beyond that of Lord a mortal to another mortal. But Lord, we're looking beyond that and we're asking that you would just give us grace to be able to see you high and lifted up, Lord. Yes. to be able to see you, the mighty conqueror. Lord, grant it. Lord, we're we're inviting you. We're welcoming you. We're desiring that you would anoint our eyes, Lord. Anoint our faith. Anoint our hearts, oh God. Anoint us to hear. Cause us to see you, Lord, and to see whatever the situation might be. May we see it under your feet, Lord. Father, we ask that you'll just minister now to our needs. We just, Lord, give ourselves to you. Ask that you would have preeminence in this service and we ask it for the glory of God in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Could we turn in um the scriptures and I'd like to go to Luke chapter 10. I'm going to couple places to uh read from but we'll read from here and then I'll let you have your seats. So good to be gathered together and then amen. In verse 30 of Luke chapter 10, and Jesus answering said, "A certain man." You find that very interesting in the scripture. God puts names where he wants to put names. And we also understand that at times when names are placed, those names are also it's a type. Like John was a type of the bride. Elisha is a type of the bride. But then you have places like this, just like it says in Luke chapter 24, that two of them walk together, Cleopius and a friend. And I I love those places because you know why? That's a space for my name. Amen. It's a space for your name. A certain man, not just anybody, a certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho. So he was going from a high place to a low place and fell among thieves which stripped him of his reignment and wounded him and departed leaving him half dead. And by chance there came, sorry, and by chance there came down a certain priest that way. And when he saw him, he passed by on the other side. And likewise, a Levite when he was at the place came and looked on him and passed by on the other side. But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was, and when he saw him, he had compassion on him. Now I want you just to take just for a moment. Jesus is rehearsing this even within the context of what he was asked. Who is my neighbor? And to understand that whoever our neighbor is, it's one that we see that's in need. And I want to just say it to you in this way. this. When you think of this, there's no one that could really see our need like God. And God became kin folks to us. Amen. We were always a part of him, but God came down and became one of us. And he wasn't just wasn't just going anywhere. He was going for a certain man. He was coming for a certain people. Right? Are you with me? Knew exactly where we were at. And notice the most unlikely place or vessel that would seem that help would come from a certain Samaritan. Samaritans were looked at as the offcast. And how can this be? That's right. But you see, God chose chose and he still chooses to hide himself in simplicity. Sometimes the very answer that we're looking for doesn't come in the form that maybe we're looking for. But if we'll just look to him, God will bring the answer in the form. And what we want to be able to say is, God, let me look beyond the veil to see you. Let me recognize your presence. Amen. Notice and went to him. He had saw him. He had compassion on him. and went to him and bound up his wounds, pouring in oil and wine, and set him on his own beast, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him. And on the tomorrow when he departed, he took out two pence, and gave them to the host, and said unto him, Take care of him, and whatsoever thou spendest more, when I come again, I will repay thee. Amen. May God bless you and bless the reading of the word. As you're being seated, I'm going to pull one more scripture here before we move on into this. Out of the book of Ecclesiastes, the scripture says, "To everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven. A time to be born, a time to die, time to plant, time to pluck up that which is planted, a time to kill, a time to heal, a time to break down, and a time to build up. And I want to focus upon that phrase within there and speak this morning on this thought, a time to heal. And so when we come into our our reading of our text here this morning, I want you to watch how brother Brandham places this when he speaks of that of the Samaritan because uh so often we and it's a phrase that can be used and has been used uh many times sometimes even by individuals is not even Bible readers and they will uh lay this title upon someone who maybe has done something good uh warm fuzzy something that's and done good for somebody else and they'll say, "Oh, it's a good you're a good Samaritan." But there's a much deeper meaning to this because I want you to understand that when we look at this this parable in the scripture, it's actually a parable of redemption that speaks of you and I because the in in reality is is that when we consider this, brother Bram says Jesus found a man one time in a parable. He was on his road from Jericho or from Jerusalem to Jericho. It showed he was backsliding. He was going from up on high and going down low. He was backsliding and he met him on the road and an enemy had beaten him and robbed him and left him half dead. That was physically alive but spiritually dead. That is so good. The priests and the Levites and so forth passed him. But the good Samaritan, as Jesus taught it, came, picked him up, poured oil in and wine, and taken him to the inn. And brother Brandon says, "That's there's the place that I want to get you to." He taken him to the inn and said to the caretaker, "Take care of him." He gave him a couple of pennies or whatever it was to pay his way and said, "Now, if he needs any more, just go ahead and take care of him. I'll make it right when I come. Brother Bram says, "And you shepherds, God give you the spirit and the word to take care of these wounded ones that's been brought in. If you need any more, he'll take care of that when he comes. So just feed those sheep." Now, we understand this when we look here in the scripture that this is more, as we said, than just someone doing a good deed. But everywhere everywhere through the scripture when we read the scriptures and our eyes are open to it we should be able to see Jesus Christ in every portion of the scripture because this in itself it's a book of redemption and so all the way through we can see uh God's God's mercy we can see the redemptive plan of God we can see the first coming we can also see the hour that we're standing in when the seven seals have been open, we can see it all the way from Genesis 1 all the way to Revelation. It's types that's spoken all the way through there. And so when we're looking here in this scripture that it's something much deeper and when we God gives us grace to be able to look deeper, it's not through our uh ingenuity, but it's the inspiration of God that would help us to look deeper in the word of God that our our thoughts and our objectives just become deepened. And so Jesus himself, he places himself as the one who actually catches the sinner, the backslider, the downtrodden, the brokenhearted, and ministers to them and carries them to the place of the inn in order for them to be fully cured. That's so good. You see the others, the others walked away from him. The the priest, when the priest seen him, the priest realized, I there's nothing I can do with this. And he also didn't want to defile himself. Then you had of the scribe. The scribe looked at the situation and said, "This situation is too great. I don't want to I don't want to get entangled with this. This is this is too much for me." But you know, the very reputation of the Lord Jesus is made with situations that man looks at and says, "There's no hope. That's impossible. I don't want to get involved in that. That would that would defile me." Let me tell you his reputation is made with that. You know when you think of how that the word comes and it picks up our lives. You know when we look at this I I want to just say this here that when the message of the hours it comes across our path and the spirit of God sweeps across our lives. We all come from different backgrounds. We all come sometimes we may have all kinds of brokenness and so forth that we come from. But let me just say this to you. One of the things that just really exemplifies the glory and the power of the gospel of Jesus Christ through the message of the hour is that no situation is beyond hope. No situation, nothing is beyond the redeeming grace of almighty God. Why? Because God knows what is beneath the darkness that was in our life. That's what he came to raise up. That's why that the light and the water came of of to raise up that seed. Not to warm the dirt, not to quicken the dirt, but to quicken the seed. And then when the seed is quickened, this dirt will respond to the quickening power that's taking place in our life. So here here he stands. And you know, God specializes in this. He specializes in things that you know when we look at it, we can look at a situation and we can try to figure it out and how do I make this work and how can I do this and you know sometimes I believe in the best of our intentions we we always want to be led by the spirit of God but sometimes there's things where we God has to bring us to reality is that you know it's going to take the supernatural. It's going to take more. Yes, there's things that as far as we can do within ourselves, but this is what we always want to be. We want to be a channel that the Holy Spirit is free to move through. This is why, let me just say this to you. This is why when Paul would write to fathers and he would speak about even in the correction and disciplining and he says provoke them not to anger, in other words, to where they're exasperated in all life and all in all part where that they can actually succeed and actually move forward. Don't don't take away any hope from them but bring correction but also point them and showing that the correction is about there's a goal that is to be had and that and you know God God does the same thing with you and I he doesn't God does not come down and and you know he's frustrated with us and says I've been trying to say this and I've been trying let me tell you something God never approaches us through frustration. Amen. That's right. You know why? Because he's got confidence in his word. Amen. Now listen, that's the same thing that he wants to do and be through you and I is to is for that confidence to reside within our hearts and let nothing cloud that out. Because let me tell you, in every situation in our lives, it will take the supernatural working of God. And the greatest request that you and I can have is say, "Lord, let me be a faithful branch." Amen. If there's anything in me that needs to be pruned off, cuz I'm sure there is, then prune it off, Lord. That that fruit can come through my life. That my life could be a channel. Because sometimes our life of being a channel is simply just being a good solid believer in character. Are you with me? It's not, listen, it's not all about words. The word was meant to be made flesh. Are you with me? So notice he would carry him to a place of safety where he could be fully healed, cured, and set free by the transforming power of God. It's nothing less than the supernatural work of Almighty God. And I want to remind you, he said, "I'm the Lord that health thee." Amen. And this, he heals soul, which is the most important. Yes. But he heals your spirit and he heals your body because times when that soul has been healed, there's going to come times in our spirit and our body that we're going to need we're going to need healing in those areas. And he ministers to healing in those areas in our life. If you just be in tune with God and you watch, God will sweep right through a service and minister to every phase within our life. The Holy Spirit will bring new birth. the Holy Spirit will move to uh give uh healing in that spirit to reclaim areas that maybe Satan has got into in our mind and and then you know through uh certain areas and and the Holy Spirit will lead you and bring you from where you're at to where you ought to be as a son and daughter of God. And of course, he'll sweep over your body and and touch your body. Brother Brandon says, "There are some here today, Lord, Father, who does not have this blessed, restful hope in their soul. May this be the day that they receive it. There may be those who have grown weary in the way. Let them know, Lord, that we never come to a picnic, but to a battleground, fight every inch of the way. Give them courage and strengthen them." Now I want you to understand right here we've just had he's asking minister to the soul and minister to the spirit. Now when let me just deal with this just a little moment here as he's leading. There might be those who's grown weary in the way. Let them know Lord we've never come to a picnic but to a battleground to fight every inch of the way. Now, you might look at that and I want you just to notice how the Holy Spirit will let will speak to you and I and help us to see that within this walk with God, there's going to be times that you don't feel like it. There's going to be times to where you don't feel like reading. You don't feel like praying. You don't feel like coming to the house of God. Oh, yeah. Brand says it's very easy for a Christian to get that way. You see it's very because why? You're still in this right here. But this is why when the prophet think of just simple instructions he said and how can I overcome? He says keep revival in you. Amen. So now that becomes our responsibility of laying in the presence of God and yet you have life. Pressures of life they don't lessen they keep on. I mean when you retired did the pressures of life did no it don't get easier pressures of life I mean those of you that have retired they they don't get easier you know isn't isn't one day that oh I tell you what one day you know when I get 18 and I can drive to work and oh the pressures don't work you know what happens the more as age comes the more responsibility it's life and sometimes with life even this is where Paul would write be not weary in welldoing sir Amen. But you say, "Well, brother Samuel, if we get weary in that way, and I don't feel like doing this." Well, this is where then the enemy would like to come to you and say, "Oh, well, you you don't feel like coming to church. Oh, you don't feel like reading your Bible. Oh, you don't feel like praying. You must not have the love of God in your heart." And he can take things and spin it on you and then try to just get you down into that place. But see, it's reminding you, we've not come to a picnic. In other words, we're going to have to battle beyond our feelings. And when you battle beyond your feelings, there's a great blessing that awaits because God is looking at you and seeing you look your feelings and knowing that you don't feel anything. You might sit for a little bit and you don't feel anything. But all of a sudden as you move on into prayer and it just seems like everything is as dry as dry can be. It feels like you're reading and it it just feels like the print is just hitting you in the forehead and coming back down and you're listening to a message and it it seems like all of a sudden here you are you're out over here and you've missed everything that's been said for the last 15 20 minutes or whatever more. But you know within that this is where we have to recognize it's a battle that this where I'm living in it's a constant as Paul said bringing in subjection. And that's what the quickening power has come to do. Anybody that tells you it's not a battle I will say to you right now first of all I think they have missed the mark. are you? They don't know what they're talking about. It doesn't it doesn't sudden then all of a sudden oh no no no this is why then when brother ministering to the spirit let them know lord that we're not come to a picnic in other words we've got a battle and you know just putting listen sometimes healing comes just by putting things in perspective because the way that we've got things framed and we're thinking about it man we've got it framed in such a way and sometimes you can take those thoughts and frame yourself right outside of Christ. That's very true. Come on now. But aren't you glad that the word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. He knows right where to find you from Jerusalem to Jericho. You might be in Jerusalem in your soul, but in your spirit you've already, it's like I'm on my road to Jericho and you've entertained some things and it just beat you up and got you down. But he alone who knows how to come and minister to a spirit that has drifted and went astray. Let me tell you, he comes with ample necessities to minister to your need. And not leave you there, but pick you up and take you where you belong. So look, Brother Brandon says there's some that's been wounded. Now it's going to come to the body. There's some that's been wounded. Lord, the enemy has shot darts of sickness into their body and afflictions. There are warriors laying here on the battlefield that would be up and going if they could, but they are must be taken to the inn where the caretaker is to take care. May the ambulance of God carry them to a real genuine faith this afternoon. I'm telling you, not only is the ambulance of God to carry genuine faith to the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but the ambulance of God is here to carry the genuine faith and healing in our spirit and healing in our bodies. You don't call an ambulance for a joy ride. You call an ambulance because it's an emergency 911 situation. And I'm telling you, it's an emergency. It's an emergency. Can you say that with your situation? It's an emergency, Lord. I need you. Lady OA, Lady Oia says, "Oh, just send one of the white vans that delivers medicine." But the bride of Jesus Christ says, "It's an emergency, Lord. I need you. I need my high priest. So to recognize this that you know within it the first priority when this one came and he comes down and sees the need and the situation. I want you to notice that what he did first in this text we read, he bound up the wounds. In other words, you've got to get the things that are bleeding out. We got to get it stopped. We've got to let some hematsis come in first. We got to let it get stopped. Get it to a place where healing can start. Amen. That's good preaching. The man, the man himself had no other recourse. He couldn't even resist the treatments. He because of where he was at, he had been beaten. He had been stripped. He had been robbed. But God saw his need. And let me tell you something. Whatever the devil might have taken from you, God is here to deliver it back to you. Hallelujah. I'm the Lord that health thee. He hasn't come emptyhanded. He's come with what's necessary to restore you. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. He had no other course but to yield. He was in a place of yieldedness. I want you to notice two things that came. Wine and oil. All the way through the scripture. Oil and wine has always been together in every ser sacrifice. Is that right? We know the oil to be the type of the Holy Ghost. The wine to be the revelation of God's word. Is that right? So oil and wine has always been a part of worship. Yes. and the oil and the wine. Maybe you didn't know this but wine itself it was you know looked upon even by many of the ancients and even during this time wine has a long history in medicine because wine itself it has an antiseptic it has an I don't know how to pronounce this an an anogalis I don't know how to pronounce it uh something that in other words it numbs you and it has an anti-icrobial agent for treating wounds. So, the first thing that's got to be ministered is we've got to get the truth to that wound. In other words, God didn't come as a scavenger, to pick at your wounds. He came to minister to your wounds. And let me tell you, he came with what was needed to stop the infection, to stop the bleeding out. Hallelujah. He came with what was needed that would be able to numb you and ease you and put you into a place of looking at his grace and rest coming upon your life and what was needed in an antimicrobial to keep away the microbes. Why? Because you are coming to full healing. Hallelujah. Glory. And that full healing will lead to a change of this body. Hallelujah. And the oil helped to soothe the wounds. Had a way of wounds that were that was so uh tender and brittle, but oil had a way to soo them. Why? So we can so it can start being worked with so we can mend it up now. You see within this this is where we have a responsibility to recognize our need right and to submit to treatment. Never forget as I've shared with you many times this scar that I have right here when I got a cut and it was deep and I remember I'd never had stitches before. I've told you that. And you know if I would have been by myself I don't know what I would have done. I probably would have just rolled it up because I just thought band-aid will be good with it, you know. But I had a I had a man that was there, another another young man was on the football team with me and he passed by my dorm room where I had it open and working on things and he looked in there and seen it. He said, "What in the world?" I said, "Oh, it's it's all right." His name was last name was Wickcham. I said, "Whamm, it's all right." And he said, "No, it ain't. You're going to a hospital." I said, "It's only a cut, man. I" He said, "You listen." He said, "You you come with me." and he drove me to the hospital there in Marietta and they got in there and man, was you scared? Yeah, I was scared cuz I ain't never had stitches before. And so when they went in there, I'll never forget they had to take first of all and get it all cleaned out and they started putting shots and how everything was spread apart and then they started stitching it and bringing it together. You know that that in itself when when when if I had not come to a place to recognize I needed I really had a need. And you know what? If it hadn't been somebody there of a friend, somebody with me who was able to help me. See, no, you you got a real need. And let me just tell you something. Aren't you glad that the Holy Spirit is a real friend? Aren't you glad that God knows? Lord, I'm good. I I'll be all right. I I'll just No. No. He's Come on. You're coming with me. You're coming with me. This is why God could say in the book of Isaiah, "Why should you be stricken anymore? You will revolt more and more and the whole head is sick and the whole heart faint. From the sole of the foot, even unto the head there is no soundness or health in it, but wounds and bruises and putrifying soores. They have not been clothed, neither bound up, neither mllified with ointment. This is where God would go on speaking to Jeremiah or to Israel in the time of exile. Is there no bomb in Gilead? Is there no physician here? Now, God's not asking a question as though he doesn't know. He's asking a question to let them know that there is still a physician present. And there is not a new prescription, but it is the same prescription and it's present. Why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered? Now notice as he goes on with him looking at this in what we read in Isaiah. You see it has to come down to recognizing our need. And when we look at this when we can see symptoms when we can see situations and then the Holy Spirit has a way of highlighting things in our life. It's a time that we've got to recognize our need and submit to the treatment of the Holy Spirit and and not look at it because let me just say it like this. If you look at anything in a manner of well I I can you know I don't have to look at this right now or I don't have to deal with this right now. But no, when God brings our attention to it, this is where we want to deal with it. Let me just say this as simple as simple as I can say it. When the Holy Spirit is moving in your heart and the word is moving and revealing and pulsating in your life, don't you let a devil talk you away from God in his mercy that's beckoning you out of a situation. Maybe it's out of a sinick life. Maybe there's situations as it goes down. There's a need for a real healing and deliverance in your soul to where there comes a deep settled peace that I know that I know that I know that I have passed from death unto life that I have met the Lord Jesus Christ. Let him cure out everything. Symptoms of unbelief, ungodly dress, ungodly things of the world, ungodly habits. Let me just tell you something. I don't care how much marijuana they legalize is still against the word of God. Are you hearing me? They can't give me that trash. Well, you know, God said every herb and seedbearing thing. Let me tell you something. God never asked you to do something that would destroy your body and take you out of your mind. It's of the devil. And Satan has brought it right down here. It started out with prescription drugs and now everywhere you go, you got a dispensary and the smell of skunk all over the air. I'm telling you, it's a devil. Amen. You don't trade out one thing and then bring something else in your life. Let me tell you the very thing that would cause you to feed on ungodly things out there. You don't need to find something that gets sweetened up that gets better. But you need to find the living God that can take care of that need in your life. Let me tell you, the Holy Ghost is a sure remedy. He'll burn that desire for alcohol out. He'll burn it out for marijuana. He'll burn it out for ungodly things. He'll take care of lust. You don't close up a wound without getting it clean. If not, there's an infection that'll set through your body and it'll caner and it'll eventually kill you. So, don't ignore infection. Invite the Holy Spirit. Say, "Lord, I'm going to take in the wine right now." You say, "Well, what's that wine doing?" Jesus said, "Sanctify them through thy truth, for thy word is truth." Is that right? Let the word as it's coming forth and the redeeming power in the revelation as it's being preached. Just take it into your life. Oh, brother Samuel, I'm not worthy. Let cast that devil to the side. You need to take the word and what the word is saying about you because what will it do? It will begin to cleanse your wounds. You can't get good enough on your own. That's why God sent a message. Come on, friends. This is why it took more than a priest. Help me preach. It took more than a scribe. It took more than theology. It took more than a Sunday school. It took more than a picture of an eagle. It took the living eagle himself. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That came sweeping down right to where you and I were at. You know what I see here in Luke chapter 10? I see one who was worthy to take the B. Hallelujah. I see one where it's not just given us ideology but a living God. We needed more than a man. Hallelujah. I looked and I saw no man worthy. But here I seen one the lion of the tribe of Judah. One that had been slain. [Music] One that was worthy. Thank you, Lord. Well, there was a lot of sidstepping in our life. Well, you need to go to this group. They'll help you. We're sidest stepping in our life. You know what your problem is? You just don't have this memorized good enough. It's sidest stepping. You don't want You know what? We don't want to sidestep because there's a God who come right to where you are. Aren't you glad? Oh Lord, we love you. We love you, Lord Jesus. Notice this. In Jeremiah, they have healed also the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly, saying, "Peace, peace." When there is no peace, it's false. It's appeasement. It tickles the ears. That's what the Bible said it would be. They would tickle their ears. What? Tell me what I Tell me what what appeals to my flesh. Something that will give me enough of a numbing to silence that voice in my soul that's crying out for reality. They're having itching ears. And you know what? They they've got there's desires that they have. But you see, this is where that within it, it's a false peace. It and this is listen friends. Listen listen. This is why that the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it's got to be something deeper than just on your flesh or your spirit. You can have it on your spirit and just love. Oh, I love to get in the atmosphere. I love to worship. I love it's got to come deeper to where it's a love affair on the inside to where he changes you and your victory is not dependent on the atmosphere, the songs or anything else. But it's a victory that is manifested even in the darkest of hour. There's an anchor that holds you beyond the veil. It has changed the very desires of your life. That's right. Amen. That's a peace that can never be removed. This is where Isaiah said, "Oh, thou afflicted, tossed with tempest and not comforted. Behold, I watch this now. I want you to watch how this is going. Behold, I will lay thy stones with fair colors and lay thy foundations with sapphires." Now, what God's speaking of is building Israel back up. He's talking about that when it will actually come through that of the baptism of the Holy Ghost through those two witnesses of Revelations 11. Because God would write many times on when Israel went out of the land how he was going to restore them. But you also read in many of these promises where God has made a promise that he was going to bring them back. And in places like this, when God brings them back to this place that we're reading about here, they won't be able to fall away from that. Right, brother Samuel. Is is there a place where you can not fall away from? Yeah. In him. In him. Oh, sure. You You know, yeah, you can make mistakes and other things like that, but you can't fall away from him because your desire is him. As a matter of fact, it's impossible for you to fall away. Hallelujah. When you get in him, brother and sister, that's the effect of the seal of the Holy Ghost. No other age has had the privilege of the seal of the Holy Ghost. This is the sealing hour. Watch what God said. I I will lay thy stones with fair colors, and lay thy foundations with sapphires, and I will make thy windows of the gates, and thy gates of carbunles, and all thy borders of pleasant stones, and all thy children shall be taught of the Lord, and great shall be the peace of thy children. Amen. You realize that verse right there is the privilege of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Because when when you have received him, the Lord Jesus picks this up, I believe in John 6, and he's refers back to this passage because to that to the believer, you have an inside teacher. When the Holy Ghost is come, he's the one inside of you that retaking in of the lamb and it's roasted with fire. He's the one that takes that and begins to open and unfold himself. You say, "Why would that be?" because it's not a public show. It's an inward work. That's the real mystery of the coming of the Lord in this hour. It's when he gets behind closed doors. That's where he reveals himself. Woo. When he's walking with you along the way and he meets as though as though he's going to keep on going. You say, "No, Lord. I want you to come. Lord, I want you to stay. Whatever your need is in your life, I want you to stay, Lord. Oh, thank God, Lord. I love this. In righteousness shalt thou be established. Whose righteousness his thou shalt be far from oppression? For thou shalt not fear and from terror, for it shall not come near thee. Amen. Didn't Jesus say, "I will not leave you comfortless." Here he is, the God of glory standing behind the veil and he said, "I will not leave you comfortless." Well, it wasn't Jesus coming back in a corporal body, but it was the same God that would be able to minister the victory and the achievement of Calvary and conquering over Satan's trinity and come back to his children and become the comforter on the inside. He said, "I'll not leave you comfortless, but I will come to you." Notice who will I. Don't you love him? Jeremiah chapter 3, it said, "Return ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings." Notice, "Return, return, backsliding children, and I'll heal your backslidings. Behold, we come unto thee, for thou art the Lord our God." Hosea 14:4, "I will heal their backslids. I will love them freely, for mine anger is turned away from him." And listen, you know what this is speaking of? It's speaking of the restoration of the Jews under the 144,000. But remember, you are the type, the spiritual type of Zion of Jerusalem that's been restored. You're not an earthly Jerusalem. Help me preach now. The earthly Jerusalems, Baptist, Methodist, Pentecost, Roman Catholic, earthly Jerusalems, there they crucified him. They crucified the word of God. They were upset the first time with with their a man making himself God. And now this time where they were upset is for the word that was in the man. Amen. And they crucified the word again. But that had to happen. Why? Because when the word would be crucified and God let it happen. Why? That he might raise up in a newness of life. The resurrection in this hour. It's the resurrection of the son of man among his people. Glory be to God. What were they doing? crucifying the effects of the word. Oh God, don't do this no more. You don't need to act like that. You don't need to do this. You don't need to do that. Crucifying. We're at in the very pull pits. So you're not that. You're not an earthly Jerusalem. That's right. You're a spiritual Jerusalem. Right. I John looked and what I saw I saw a city coming down. That new Jerusalem. It was adorned as a bride prepared for her husband. And Paul said, "We that have been born again of the spirit of God, children of the free woman." We are of that new Jerusalem, which is the mother of every elect son and daughter of God. And let me tell you something, he has built up your life. Every one of us are a place, a stone in this temple, in this tabernacle of his glory. And God himself is the one assembling himself together. Humpty Dumpty fell off the wall and couldn't put himself back together again. But let me tell you something. Jesus himself, when God in his mind, what he had, the attributes of his thoughts, and when sin came in, it looked like it was all scattered. But God had a way to put himself back together again. How did he do it? by his word. He didn't need all the king's men. He just needed his word. And he begin to put things back together. Oh my Lord, it's God who puts our lives back together. I'll heal your backslidings. God heals up and downs. Now, we we can all go through different valleys of things, but I'm talking about at one moment, you know, person serving the Lord for a while and then they go right back out in the world and it's like, has nothing ever happened? Now, I'm not all of a sudden going to say that there was nothing happened, but I'm just here to tell you that God is present to heal backslidings. And no matter what capacity they are, he's here to heal it. But here, return to me and I'll do it. And you know, one of the things with backsliding, that's a con, that's a real real life condition. Book of Proverbs says that the backslider is right in all his ways. Yeah, that's good. When everything you see is right about you and you're right and everybody else is wrong, you're backsliding. When all you can do is pick people apart and how this is right. And in order for you to feel uplifted, you got to put other people down. You're backsliding. That's true. Are you hearing me? You're not you're not dwelling in the righteousness of Jesus Christ where you need to dwell. You don't got to put nobody down to be lifted up. He said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me." Is that right? Brother Ramon said, "Oh, heavenly father, unworthy creatures. This hot, sweaty room this morning, a sweat box, but God sweated it out for us." The Holy Spirit come down, convince people that they were wrong and they were sinning. That's why it takes It takes the Holy Ghost. It takes the Holy Ghost to convince them. Well, I'm just going to talk to him till I'm blue in the face and drive them away. It takes the Holy Ghost. You see, God will take situations in life that brings us to a place to teach us. It's not your tongue that's going to get the job done. That's good preacher. And if God could have his way, what he would love to do is to perform a circumcision on your tongue. And it would be a great glorious victory to be able to get that tongue under control to bridle that thing. Cuz let me tell you, there's a lot of places that are set on fire with that tongue. It might be the smallest member, but it's caused the most divisions in churches sometimes. It's caused the most amount of hurt. I'm telling you, friends, this is why we need the spirit of God. You might say, "Well, I've always been this way." How long is always? Does that mean clear back since the mind of God? Don't you try to put that characteristic in the lamb's book of life? But you need to let God prove himself as a mighty conqueror that he can take hold of a big mouth. He can take hold of a tongue. He can take an override, a critical spirit. Let the mighty conqueror write in upon your life and prove himself in that area of your life. Hallelujah. So instead of looking at it in defeat, say, "Lord Jesus, manifest yourself as the mighty conqueror." You know what it becomes? Instead of a defeat, it becomes an opportunity. He said their spirits, Lord, were arrogant. They had become hostile, snoopy, know-it-all, not willing to repent, not willing to forgive people that's done things against them. They wasn't willing to. But the Holy Spirit took the word of God, placed it right in their gentle hearts and said, "Now, don't you want to come back to where you was the first time when you come to the altar? Don't you want to come back to where everybody you love everybody? You you and you love me with undying love. Then just rise up and come to the altar." They did it, Lord. Amen. How many like to say, "Lord, take me back. Take me back." Amen. He says, "I pray that you will sanctify their thoughts, Lord. Sanctify their heart. Make them gentle and peaceful. May they rise from this altar now after that they have repented and giving their lives over to you. Go back to their homes. No matter what, no matter what takes place, if the husband gets all upset or wife gets upset or neighbors gets upset or somebody working with or associating with, I'll just be gentle like a dove." How many believe that he can minister to that? Amen. You see, God honors your desire. Let me read you. Let me refer to you a few places here in the scripture or in the message. You know, brother Brandham, he picks up a a few times here and you have at times where individuals that they have come into a backsliding condition. They got cold, not where they want to be with God. maybe whatever the circumstances and things of life that's come up. And let me just tell you something. I I don't you're not going to find me standing here and saying that anybody's backslide never had an experience with God. Come on now. Because this is one preacher by the word and by the message of the hour that don't fit. That's right. That's so good. But there are conditions and situations that truly there are those and situations where a person has been backsliden or whatever more and they really just by the fruits and the attributes and everything through their life, they've not gone deeper. But all it takes is a moment to recognize that there's a deeper walk and the grace of God to sweep down and all is gone. Is that all right? But the main thing what what you want to do is is that anytime correction comes, you always want to say yes, Papa. Yes. Because with correction, he comes to minister and he don't only, you know, uh bring the things that's harsh, but he puts the honey on the rock. [Laughter] Oh, brother Samuel, you're preaching an awful lot of grace. It's real grace. Law could never take them across Jordan. Are you hearing me? This is where it's got to be the law in your heart lived out by grace. That's right. And when it's exemplified by grace to your children, then they see a standard that's not dos and don'ts, not something at church, something different at home, but they're seeing the grace of God. And yet the standards and boundaries and law is present to do what? Point them to a God who is able to write the laws in their heart. There is grace that is sufficient to take you across Jordan. You see, God honors your desire. Let me let me just I'm going to read you a few things here. Just just listen. I don't I'm not going to put them up there. Just listen. He said, "Here you here you are." He said, "Uh, there's an operation on a colon, sister, that I see. And and you're desperately in need. There's another thing. Desperately in need of something here spiritually." She said, "Amen. You haven't been feeling right. You've been kind of washed away a little. And you want to come back." She said, "That's right. Well, you're back now." Hallelujah. You see her desire, she wanted to be back, and God made a way. Hold on now. I'm not finished with this devil yet. Well, you're back now. Go on believing with all your heart. You're get well. Your sins are forgiven you. Brother Benham said, "Now I never said sins forgiven." He said that it wasn't me. It was him. Who was it? The word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. He caught you. You were near Jericho. I want to come back to Jerusalem. Your sins are forgiven you. [Applause] We got him in the corner. We might as well keep him there. Amen. Ain't that right? Here comes another brother. Brother Brandham said, "Here's a colored boy sitting on the end of this seat watching me right here." He said, "You're looking at me earnestly. I don't know you, but you're a stranger to me. You're suffering from a trouble. Well, I I see what it is. It's an allergy. I love that. You know why? Because it shows God's interested, Brother Dave, in allergies. It's an allergy. Do you believe that God will heal you? One great thing about it is this. One of your greatest troubles is that your backslid. You really want to come back to God. If that's true, raise up your hand and come right here. The brother raises his hand and comes up. Your sins are forgiven you, my brother. You say, "How do you know that?" The same one that told me what was wrong. Who is this? The Lord was present to heal them. The son of man have power on earth to forgive sins. This blood speaketh better things. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Brother Aaron, not only the oil and the wine, but the power of the Holy Ghost, the beast is present to put you on and pack you back. Hallelujah. Your sins are forgiven. How can that be? He looked beyond your fault and saw your need. [Applause] That's how simple it is. I got to go here to a point here right now. Just stay right with me. I got to go here to a point. Brother Brand goes into this here in one place. He says it like this. He said, 'Now, friends, he said, 'What I want you to do is take every unbelief you've got, every unreasonable thought and lay it down on the floor and put your foot on it and say, "Lord Jesus, I'm going to believe you." [Music] Take every unbelief, every unreasonable thought, and put it on the floor and put your foot on it. Lord Jesus, I'm going to believe you. Won't everybody stand with me right now? If you can't stand, that's fine. Why don't you stand with me? We take a break here just a moment. Whatever it might be, every unbelief, unreasonable thought, I want you to take it right now. I want you just to put it right there under your foot. I want you to drop it and say, "Lord, I give it to you and I'm going to stomp right at it. Lord, help me to believe you. Oh, brother Samuel, what's that doing? You asked the prophet when he picked up that stone and threw that stone in the air. The prophet tells us in a message called reaction to an action that there is an equal action to every reaction. Smite, take this bow, take this arrow of deliverance and smite the earth. How long shall I smite it? Smite it till you're free. Smite it till you're free. Smite it till you got liberty. Smite it till freedom comes back. Smite it till joy returns. Smite it till the Holy Ghost comes. Smite the ground. Don't just smite it till you feel better. Smite it until you have what God has promised you. Hallelujah. You love him. Shake hands with somebody as you sit down and say, "It's mine. God honors your desire. Yes, he does. David said it like this in Psalms 147:E1. Praise ye the Lord, for it's good to sing praises unto our God. For it is pleasant and praise is coming. The Lord doth build up Jerusalem. He gatherth together the outcast of Israel. Put yourself there. He health the broken in heart and bangeth up their wounds. He tellth the number of the stars and he calleth them all by their names. Oh, I think they all look alike. I know them by name. I know them by name. I have their character and it's my character. I know them by name. I deal with them on a personal level. I'm not given a group revelation. This is an individual revelation. I'm speaking to them from an open book where their names are rented. It's not a big book. It's a little book. And I'm speaking to them through the mercy. Amen. Of the blood on the mercy seat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't you love him? Oh my. You see this is why it says look at Jeremiah. Behold I I want you to watch this. It's I will bring it health and cure. Who is I? God. And I will cure them and will reveal unto them the abundance of peace and truth. I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of Israel to return and will build them as at the first. I will cleanse them from all their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me. I will pardon all their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they've transgressed against me. And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise, and honor before all the nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them. And they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness, and for all the prosperity that I procure unto it. Isn't God good? Behold, I bring health and cure. Psalms 103. Who redeemth thy life from destruction? Who crowneth thee with loving kindness and tender mercies? To crown means to be surrounded. He surrounds you with his loving kindness. How? By bringing you in him. He surrounds your life. Aren't you glad? Aren't you glad? Aren't how many glad that God surrounded your life? Oh, we had ways of escape. We used to have ways of escape. The preaching would get hot. All of a sudden, we had a spontaneous move to go to the bathroom or something would strike our mind. What's going to happen at work if you make that move? What's going to happen at school? But he surrounded our life. Eventually, it got to a place he cut off all exits. And all you could see is he's my way and this is the way. You know what he did? He brought you to a place of surrender. He showed you that way is not a way of escape. You went this way. That's not a way of escape. You went this way. That's not a way of escape. And eventually he brings you to a place where all your self efforts is vanished. And you see Jesus only. Hallelujah. You see the almighty God. This is my beloved son. Hear ye him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, there's got to be a starting place. You know, a starting place. Brother Brand looks at a sister. He said, "There's a dark shadow. I see it. It's jumping and bumping and moving everything between you and I." Well, I know what it is now. He said, "It's a demon of nervousness." You think sometimes that you've lost your mind, but he's a liar. You're not. You're just as sane as anybody else. But he's trying to get you down, lady. Don't you pay no attention to that. Do you believe me to be a servant? Another thing. You've tried so long. Watch this now. You've tried so long to even get one place. You just like to put your foot that you could start from there. I'm not reading your mind, but that's what you was praying about. You said many times in your thoughts, if I could just get one place to start from. This is your starting place. Hallelujah. Right here. And brother Brandham addresses that demo and says, "You're healed." And the same time you're healed. This other lady was healed. You had the same thing. Nervousness. Brother Brandham said, "I see another lady." Oh, it's like a It's like an oppression, sister, that's upon your life. When the sun starts setting, you especially get weary in the evening time. Sometimes you think you're going to lose your mind and you'll you'll drop things. I'm not reading your mind, but that's true. Something here knows you. Before you come to this meeting, you was praying you could get in line and you was going to accept it. You wanted a place to put your foot. You said to set your foot. Is that right? That's what you've been believing and praying about. That's what you've been been asking God. Something here tells me, is that right? That's God. He wants to make you well and he'll do it right now. He said, "You understand, sister, them feelings you're getting, that's the time of life. That's that's menopause and things like that. You all these hormones and your body ceasing from making hormones. Don't don't try to put any hormones in your body. Don't do that cuz it just going to lead to cancer. Don't do that. You know, it's a natural thing. After a while, it'll be over. But now the devil will run you crazy if he can. But don't you let him do it. You look to Christ right now and be healed. Glory be to God. You know what that shows? That authority has come to sons and daughters of God. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh my. He goes on another situation. You're awful nervous, aren't you? He who stealed the calm sea, can he steal that nervous condition you got? You've been waiting for a place to start. Many times you've tried to make a you've tried to make a you've tried to make a start, but you're on it now. Keep walking in the name of Jesus Christ and get well. Is this all right? He said, "Now, you've been sitting here. I want you to, you know, young man." He said, "I see you. You you're trying to get a hold of yourself. Everybody's always telling you anyhow, but nervousness is a horrible thing. You've wanted to place your foot so you could start from here. You're on the spot now. Glory. 1964 identified Christ. Look on me, sister. You want to go eat supper and feel good about it again? Go ahead. That ulcer will leave you and you'll be made well again. Honey, ain't that right? God healed you of an ulcer. Amen. The same time the Lord the Lord had dealt with my heart and dealt with our hearts to step away from teaching and then Satan rose that right up and God came right down in a service and healed that condition. Hallelujah. She went through the test over at Mercy Hospital. Hallelujah. went through all that where everything was drugged up and so forth and you know that oh yeah there there it is and and you'll never you know never get beyond this and this and that. But one night, amen. In a service, brother Codre's first time here and what she had on her heart when she came forward was the two oldest boys. I want to see them saved. And she came forward. She came forward that night. And that's what she was asking God about. And brother Codre got back. Now Paul and Ben remembered the spirit of God moving in that service. It moved right down these hallways. Right. the service, it just kept moving. And right down standing outside of that conference room, I was standing there and both of them had tears and things welled up in their eyes. I said, "What that is, it's the presence of God and it's God calling to your heart right there, right outside of my office. We prayed the prayer of salvation and they turned their hearts over to the Lord." Brother Cadre came finally walking back down the highway. He said, "Who are those two boys, Brother Samuel?" I said, "Those are my sons." He said, "Tell your wife that that condition in her stomach is gone. She is healed in the name of Jesus Christ." She never said a word to him about that. God cares. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. that also will leave you. You'll be made well. Look, lady, what are you scared of? You got a nervous condition. It's been bothering you for a long time. Do you believe God can heal that nervousness? 90% of this audience is vibrating with the same thing. You want a place to put your foot always and everybody's telling you get next to yourself. But you've got to have a starting place. You're on it right now. The word of God says you're free. I say we're in the spot right now. Oh, it's not this building. It's not 1530 Lake Breeze Road. It's in the presence of Jesus Christ. When the Holy Spirit has revealed to you what your need is, if it's for the Holy Ghost, if it's for healing in your body, there is no other higher court of appeal. The Supreme Wicked One has spoken. There is no greater place to be because you realize your judge has become your attorney and the word is speaking on your behalf. This is your spot. Hey, this isn't just a good service. This is your place right here this morning. This is your spot to step on nervousness. This is your spot to lay down fear. This is your spot to lay down and say, "The Holy Ghost is mine." This is your spot to lay down and say, "Peace is mine." This is your place to lay down and say, "Healing is mine." This is the spot right here this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And I'm just going to stop right here. And I'm going to say to you and ask you this question, can the God who performed the greatest miracle by changing your life, delivering you of the habits and holds? Sister Stephanie, the things when you were giving us testimony about things that you thought was going to be hard, the pants and other things like that. Is that right? I hope this okay. She thought it's going to be hard. I wanted her to give her testimony anyhow, so we'll just pull it out. The very things, this is out of her own mouth. She said, "The very things that I thought I'll never I'll never be able to to to let this go." You know what happened? God sovereignly came and took the desire. Good. She stood on what she knew was right. Stand on the word that you know that's right. You say, "Well, brother Samuel, it's not all about pants. It's not all about ungodliness." Those are all symptoms. I agree. But you can't let symptoms remain. You've got to let God come and bind up the wound. You've got to let him bind up the wound. Don't Don't Why let the wound be open? Why let it keep going? Why let it keep oozing? Why let grace abound? Why let it abound? There's mercy here this morning. And can't the same God, Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That delivered you, can he also give you, hallelujah, healing in your body? Amen. Can Can he also I'm just I'm just I I want to go down to just read. I got to read I want to read this quote just very very very clearly. He said, "Can't he, the God that saved you from sin, can't he give you happiness and peace and joy and heal your body and rapture you up into glory? Can't the same God who saved and revealed himself to you? The same God that's done a work in your life, can't he restore to you your peace? Can't this same God take away the weariness in your life? Can't this same God restore to you your joy? It's nobody else's joy. It's your joy. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. Lord, I want my joy back. I want my health back. Maybe you're standing here this morning as a waywarded one and you say, "I want back as being a son and daughter of God. What rightfully belongs to me. I'm not going to live below my God-given privileges no longer. [Applause] Do you love him this morning? Let's stand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Flashing red lights of his coming. But the flashing red lights of his coming within them red lights. It's not just red lights of a train track. I see the lights of that ambulance. I see the lights that's showing light on the path of how I can walk out of here. Hallelujah. Are you hearing me? There's a strength here this morning. Yes, there is. Amen. You've been looking for many places to put your feet. Praise God. But he's here. But the question is, do you believe? Amen. Will you accept that this morning? Will you accept that and walk and walk with that? Will you accept that reality that the Holy Ghost is for you? Will you take aside every unbelief and unreasonable thought like we did moments ago? Will you just put that down there and say, "Of all the times of trying, but this is my spot right here, right now." Because you know what it is? God has sent an ambulance for you. Hallelujah. He cares that much for you. Now the question is, he cares. Do you care? That's right. Do you care enough that he was willing to send an ambulance to bring you to a genuine faith? For whatever your need was. That's so good. Oh my. What we see is the story of redemption. It's a story of love. It's a story of grace. It's a story of Almighty God sweeping down to pick up you and I. He's here this morning, friends. He's here to give you the Holy Ghost. Amen. He's here to give you the Holy Ghost. He's here to take each and every one of you to a deeper place in him. Amen. Let me just say this to you. God knows what your need is. And you can make that need known to God. But let me just say this to you. Don't look at your need without looking to him. Because your need will only be as overwhelming as it's always been. That's right. That's right. But look to him. Amen. When snake When the snakes had come in and begin to bite Israel, God instructed Moses. Look at God's provided way. He told Moses, he said, "I want you to get a a pole and I want you to take that take a serpent, coat it there in brass. Let it be crystallized. And I want you to put it up on the pole." How high should I put it? 3 foot? No. I want you to put it so that it's raised up. Hallelujah. Because I want them to be able to look and see. Well, what are they going to look and see? They're going to see that sin has already been judged. Amen. Where did he get that inspiration to put that serpent on the pole? Because of the fall that took place in the garden. And in heaven, Lucifer, that old serpent. Who led the first rebellion? I wanted to be lifted up. Yes. I wanted to be exalted. What must they do? Look and live. To look at that and recognize that should be me. And when you recognize that should be me, you know what's happening? Your will is dying out like the life of that serpent went out. So good. Wow. And when your will dies out, then the life of Christ who paid the price on Calvary raised up on that Easter morning comes back inside of you. Yes, it does. Praise. And it says concerning you, you are my righteousness. Yes. You are my justification. He is my justification. He is yours. So what must I do? Look and live. Amen. Sure, we pray for you this morning. You're free to come to the altar. We're however you feel led to do. But I I want to worship him. I want to right here this morning. I care. And you know what? I'm not here just to have a ride in this ambulance. This isn't like showing up to safety town and they bring the ambulance and fire trucks like to show to the kids and the kids are just enamored with it. He came from me. Thank you, Lord. I'm saying he came from me right here this morning. He came for me. Yes, he did. Did he come for anybody else? He came for me. Oh, brother Samuel, that's me. That's emitting defeat. That is not I have need of him. Maybe it wasn't for your soul this morning. Maybe your soul is anchored away. The desires of the world is gone. There's just, you know, Lord, I love you, but maybe he came with his ambulance to pick you up in your weariness. Thank you, Lord. Maybe he sent his ambulance here this morning. Yes, Lord. To put you on the stretcher of his grace. Hallelujah. And where you could never get to and say, "I can't get to that place, but he's come." That's right. And really, the real true mode of transportation is on his wings. He's come on his wings. Hallelujah. You know what that means, Sister Barb? He never come to walk us somewhere. He come to pick us up. Hallelujah. That's what this message is. It's a rapturing message. It comes to pick us up. Why? This is where our trouble is. This is where our trouble is. This earth. He comes to lift us. That's what the Holy Ghost coming in. The quickening power. What does it do? It comes to bring a lift. Amen. Hallelujah. To take us where we need to be. [Music] Blessed be the Lord. I know I have you do this a lot and I'm not doing it by ritual, but would you mind just yielding your hands for just a moment and lay them on the person next to you? This is not a form because you know what I believe, brother Ricardo? I believe this that the Bible said they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. The prophet tells us that same quickening power is right in the body. Hallelujah. You believe that this morning? Hallelujah. I want you to pray for that one you've got your hands on right now. Go ahead. Right here. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, dear God, for your mercy, Lord, here this morning. Lord Jesus, you have sent the great ambulance, Lord God, into this building this morning. You know, Father, the needs of every one of your children. You know the need, Lord God, of my sister, Lord, my mother-in-law. You know the need, Father, that Lord, that she has upon her heart, Lord. You know the needs throughout this building, Lord God, through every brother and every sister. Lord, we are confident in the wings of Jehovah. We are confident, Lord, in the great wings of the Holy Ghost. Lord God, I pray. Heavenly Father, may the sweep of the Holy Spirit, God, may it, Lord God, sweep away every unbelief, every unreasonable thought, Lord God. May you move down, Lord, I pray, God, in your glory, Lord Jesus. May you feel, Lord, empty hearts, Lord God. May you refill, Lord, lives, Lord. May you touch, Lord God, the weary in heart and spirit, Lord God. May you restore to them, Lord, the joy of their salvation. Touch those, Lord God, that are sick in their body, Lord, the infirmities, Lord God, that might be in their body, their mind, their spirit. You're the Lord that healthth all diseases. [Music] In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Satan, you're defeated. You've already lost the battle. And our great kinsman, the Lord Jesus Christ, has descended right down to our need. He's found each of us right where we're at. And our hearts, our lives are yielded to him. We're carried to the end. We're carried to the table. We're carried by the presence of almighty God. And in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, for the blood that speaketh better things, Satan, hold your peace and take your leave and come out of this people in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, let's say thank you, Lord. [Applause] Healing is here. [Music] Love you, Lord Jesus. Healing is here. Lord, Lord, and I receive it. Oh, he is here. [Music] Healing is here. Yes, Lord. Heing is here and I believe it. So I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. Look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Oh, thank you Jesus. Deliver us here. [Music] Oh yes. Deliver us. Deliver us here and I receive it. Deliverance. Oh, deliverance is here. Deliverance is here. Oh yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Deliverance is here. Yes, Lord. Amen. and I believe it. Oh, let's lift our hands. I'll reach my hands to the heavens. I'll lift my Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. My help comes from. I look to you. My rock, my healer. I trust in you. [Music] Sickness can't stay any longer. Your perfect love is casting out. Oh yes. Praise your name, Lord. Yes, Lord. You are the God of all power. Yes. And it is your will and my life is healed. Sing it again. Sickness can't stay. Oh, sickness can't see any longer. Oh, your perfect love is casting out [Music] fear. For you are the God of all power. Yes, Lord. It is your heart. I reach my [Music] hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. To you, you're my rock. Hallelujah. You're my healer. I trust in you. Oh, I believe this this morning. Yes, Jesus is here. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, you're here, Lord. You're with us this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. And I believe him. So I'll reach my hands to the heavens. I'll lift my eyes where my he comes from. Oh, I look to you. My rock, my healer, trust in you. [Music] Oh, Satan can't stay any longer. Oh, Satan can't see any longer because [Applause] is your [Applause] will. Oh, Satan can't stay. Hallelujah. Satan can't stay any longer. [Applause] You are the God. [Music] Oh yes, freedom is [Applause] here. Oh yes. Oh freedom is [Applause] here. Oh yes. [Music] freom. Oh, and I receive it. Amen. Let's make it personal. I receive it, Lord. I believe it, Lord. Freedom is [Music] here. Oh, freedom is here. Freedom is here and I believe it. One more time, let's lift our hands. So I'll reach my [Applause] hands to the heavens. I'll lift my eyes to where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock. You're my healer. I trust in you. [Music] Amen. Oh, he received [Music] Hallelujah. That's your word, Lord. Oh, he is here. [Music] Healing is here. [Music] And I receive it. Oh, heing is here. Yes, healing is here. [Music] Oh, he is [Music] here and I My man give me only belief. [Music] Oh believe. Amen. Oh believe. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Oh my and we all be all things are possible. Glory. Let's sing it again now. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Taking that step, Lord. Lord, I believe. is [Music] soft. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Yes. I believe. Ohord. [Music] Oh Lord, I receive it now, Lord. Whatever I ask for, Lord, I receive. Oh Lord, I receive. [Music] All things are possible. Lord, I receive. I receive you, Lord. Lord, I receive my healing, my deliverance. Lord, I receive you. All things are grace. If we could all testify this. Oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here and all things. Hallelujah. Everything's possible because Jesus is here. My Jesus is here. [Music] Oh Jesus is [Music] here. All things are Jesus. [Music] Nobody loves me like you love me. Jesus. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all your amazing ways. Oh, I'll worship you as long as I am breathing. Oh God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. Lord, I stand before your amazing ways and I'll worship you as Lord is. Hallelujah. Come with me. Hallelujah. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. Glory. I could have had a very good Oh, he sent out his ambulance this morning and you came down from heaven to restore me. Oh, you forever changed my life. Nobody loves me like you love me. Yes, sir. I stand. Oh, hallelujah. Pass find me out. Hallelujah. I worship you every day. [Music] My free will God, you are faithful and true. Nobody knows me. Hallelujah. You're breaking down the weight of all my mountain. And even when it feels like I'm surrounded, oh yes, Lord, you'll never be my side. Oh, nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you. I am God. You are faithful and true. Nobody one more time. Yes. Nobody could love me. Hallelujah. Like you love me, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, I stand in all I see your amazing way. I worship you. As long as this body is breathing, God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. Yes, sir. I stand in awe when I see your amazing ways. And I'll worship you as long as I'm still breathing. Oh God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. Well, God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me. [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can we testify? Can we have one little testimony here before we go? I want to give a testimony this morning. Whose report will you believe after all we've heard? God has laid it all out. There's no excuses. There's nowhere for the devil to hide. It's all up to us. Whose report will we believe this morning? What kind of testimony will we have when we go home tonight? Hallelujah. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Well, whose report will you believe? Oh, we shall believe the record. Tell me who's to you. Oh, we shall of the churches report. Will you believe? For we shall be more sing for [Music] his set free. Hallelujah. [Music] One more time. Will you believe me? Oh yes. We shall believe. Tell me who's Lord. Will you believe? Yes, we shall believe. for the churches we will be. Tell me who's for today. You believe? Yes, we shout. Hallelujah. Because he say he see [Applause] humanity. Yes. Tell me who's will you share? Will you believe? Yes, we shall [Music] believe. Tell me who's will you say one more time for [Applause] his I [Music] am. Hallelujah. Yes, he's by the Holy Ghost. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh Lord Jesus, where would we even start, Lord? We thank you for what you've done for us, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, by your word, Lord Jesus, you've uncovered the enemy, Lord. He's been fully exposed where he's trying to hide in our life, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord God, and you sent down the ambulance for us this morning, Lord, we're free, Lord. We're healed, Lord. The Holy Ghost is ours, Lord, this morning. Deliverance. Amen. Restoration, Lord. Everything we have need of, Lord. You provided, Lord God. This isn't just This wasn't just another service, Lord Jesus. This wasn't just another service, Lord. you move. This is that service. Put our foot down and remind the enemy. Amen. What God's done for us, Lord Jesus. Thank you so much, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. No one could do this for us, Lord, but you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. We give you all the praise, the glory. You are the one that gets all the honor, Lord. Worthy of all praise. Lord, Lord, as we go, as we go our ways, Lord, we know the enemy will be there waiting on us when we get out of here. But Lord, I thank you for the power and the authority that you've given us in your word this morning to step all over the devil, Lord Jesus, and to walk on in victory, Lord Jesus. I pray even if someone will fall down, Lord, may they reminded this time get right back up and try again, Lord Jesus. Give them the strength, Lord God. We love you, Lord. Bless all my brothers and sisters, all those that couldn't be here today. I pray you'd Lord, let them hear this message, Lord God. Let I pray they'd be able to listen in, Lord. May it be a blessing to them. May they get out of it what we got today, Lord Jesus. It's just been so wonderful to be in your presence, Lord. We never want to take you for granted. We We know it was a little longer service, Lord, but your presence was here so sweet, Lord God. It's just hard to It's hard to say goodbye, Lord, when we're together in this atmosphere, Lord God. This is what heaven's going to be like, Lord. This is what it's going to be like when we're gathered over yonder, Lord, in your presence. We love you, Lord. Just be with your children, Lord. May this saint spirit go with them and give them extra strength this week. We pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you got to go, God bless you. You're dismissed in the name of the Lord. May May God watch over you. Amen. Come back and listen to this one again. If you need a pickme up this week, come back and play this service again. Amen. Praise God. Let's sing that song, Zion. [Music] Praise God. Oh daughters of Zion. Oh Abraham sons, hear the words of your father. Hear his promise of love. I will make you a blessing. Count the stars if you can. You will be a great nation. I will give you [Music] I will bring you back home. Bring you back home, my children. [Applause] You will no longer roll, lost. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, there is nothing on earth that could take you away. Once I gather you under my wings, I will bring you all back. [Music] Though you've wandered like [Music] strangers to the ends of the earth, oh Jesus, I will send you the I will finish my work. Oh, you have no other shepherd. You have no [Music] other green pastures [Music] away. I will bring you back home. Bring you back home, my children. [Music] Oh, you will go on the road lost and alone. There is nothing on earth that could take you away. Once I've gathered you under my wings, I will bring you all. So we pray for the peace. Look to the east for the sun rises sun and fears. Every prophet and priest lives in the city will look on the one they have pierced. We will mourn for the wall we've pierced. But don't fear, oh my daughters, sons of [Music] Abraham. I will wash you with water. I will offer the hand. Though your sins were like scarlet, they'll be whiter than snow. I have always been. I will never let go. Oh, I'll bring you back home. bring you back home for my [Music] children. Yes, you are on the [Music] road. Oh, there is nothing on earth could take you away. Once I gather you under my wings, I will bring you all back home. Yes, I'll bring you back home. Bring you back home, oh my children. Lord, you will no longer roam. Lost and alone in the night. There is nothing on earth that could take you away once I under my wings. I will bring you all back home. Yes, I'll bring you all back home. I will bring you all back [Music] home. Hallelujah, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. And of course, wherever I go, I praise him. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I am, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, lifted peace. Oh, wherever I go, I praise him wherever I am. Yes, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. Well, I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. The name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I go, I praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name. of Jesus lift up the name of Jesus. Oh, the name of Jesus lifted me. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. for the name of Jesus lifted [Applause] me. Well, I'm going to turn up my praise and drown out the doubts. Holding my shield of faith, I feel no alone when the enemy comes. In light of the I will raise my standard over my [Music] bra of faith. people on when the enemy [Music] comes in like [Music] a raise my [Music] stand. Well, devil, can you hear me? This line is for you. You have no power over what I go through. I know that victory is in Jesus and Jesus lives in me, too. So, I'm going to turn up my way and show you what my faith can do. I'm going to turn up my praise. Going to drown out the ground. [Music] on my shield of [Applause] [Music] I raise my standard over I said devil can you hear me? Oh, this light is for you. You have no power over what I go through. I know victory is in Jesus. And Jesus lives in me. So I'll turn up my praise to show you. I'm going to turn my bra down my shield [Music] on when the enemy comes in like a stand one more time. Oh yeah. Going to turn up my praise. Going to drown out the doubts. Holding my shield of faith, Lord. And I feel no alarm. When my enemy [Music] comes in like the blood, I will raise my standard. And oh, one last time I'll turn up my praise. Going to drown out the doubts. My shield of faith. Lord, I [Music] [Applause] feel when the end comes until I raise my strength and go with my Let me [Music] become like where I raise my stand. [Music] He's my rock, my sword, my shield. He's my wheel in the middle of the wheel. Lily of the valley, riding morning star. Makes no difference what they say. Going down for my knees to break. I stay right there until he comes. Yeah, he's my rocker, my shield, my in the middle of the wheel. He's the living morning [Music] star. He's great. I'll stay right there till my Yeah. He's my Yeah. [Music] There's no difference when they say downf
