################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Mountain Movers Atmosphere for Rapture - Bro. Tim Pruitt on April 27, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    The Mountain Movers: Atmosphere for Rapture - Bro. Tim Pruitt on April 27, 2025
Speaker:  Tim Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRwKVxK-jKs
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy re my life. Oh mercy re my [Music] life. mercy rule my [Music] life. Oh, I should have fallen. My soul cast down, but mercy re my life. Oh, mercy re my life. His mercy renew my [Music] life. I should have fallen. My soul cast down but mercy rero my [Music] life. You alone are all I [Music] need. For you are my destiny. You alone are all I need. And you alone I am. You alone. You alone are all I need. For you are my destiny. You alone Lord. You alone are all I need. And you alone. Oh I am complete. [Music] Draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Oh, draw [Music] me. Draw me, Lord. And I'll come running after you. You alone, you alone are all I need. For you are my destiny. Hallelujah. You alone are all I need. And you alone. Oh, I am complete. Oh, draw me, draw [Music] me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me, draw me, Lord, and I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me, draw [Music] me, draw me, [Music] Lord, and I'll come running after you. Oh, draw me. Yes, Lord. Draw me, Lord. [Music] And I'll come running. Oh, draw me. Yes. Draw me. Draw me, Lord. And I'll come running after you. Draw me. Draw me Lord. and I'll come running after you. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Oh, you are worthy. You are worthy of all praise. You are life's grace. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome. You are awesome in this place. Oh mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heavenly Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Oh mighty God, you are awesome. You are awesome in this place. Oh mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Ab father, you are worthy of all praise. You are we raise awesome in this place. As I come into your presence, as I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise into your sanuary where we're standing face to face. I look upon your countenance, see the fullness of your grace. I can only bow down and say, "Oh, you are awesome in this place." Oh mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heaven Father, you are worthy of all praise. You are lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Oh, one more time. You are awesome. You are awesome in this place. Oh mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Oh my father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise this place. Mighty God. Oh welcome Holy Spirit. Oh we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. and live inside. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of me. You're the living water. Oh, you're the living water. You're that never drying fountain. Oh, comforter and [Music] counelor. Take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your [Music] presence. Fill us with your [Music] power and live inside. You're the living water. Oh, you're the living water. Oh, that never drying fountain. Oh, come for counelor. Oh, take complete control. Yes. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. We lift our hands to worship you. Oh, we lift our hands to worship you. Yes, Lord. Holy Spirit, holy one. Oh, come into this temple. Oh, and hold us in your arms. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we're so thankful we're in your presence. Fill us with your power and live inside. One more time. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power and live inside of me and I will praise the Lord. Is that what you came to do this morning? Oh, I will praise the Lord no matter no matter what tomorrow brings what it has in store. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh yes, I will praise him. Yes, Lord. I'm going to give you glory. [Music] I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in [Music] store, going to pray. Oh, sing it, church. I will pray. I will praise the Lord. Oh [Music] yes, I'm going to praise your holy name. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I'm going to pray. Let's just lift our hands to him. Let's just worship for a moment. Oh, I will praise the Lord. Yes, I'm going to magnify your name. [Music] No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I want to [Music] praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. We have quite a few requests this morning. But Steve Martin asking to be remembered in prayer this morning. Also have brother Ben Coleman. hospital in the hospital to have back surgery this week. Also want to continue to remember sister Hollis who is on hospice. The Sherman Thomas asked for prayer for need in his body today. Nathaniel Puit sick with a cold. Cornelo family is sick this morning. How many would have a need just want to take it before the Lord? I'm ask brother Johnny Smith if you just come and open our service in prayer. Take these knees before the Lord. And Amen. I believe we have a God who hears our prayers here to answer our needs and touch our hearts. Amen. God bless you today. Let us bow our heads. Father, in the name of Jesus, this morning we come before your presence. With thanksgiving in our heart, thanking you, Lord God, for all that you have done for us. Thanking you Lord God for your love, your joy, our peace, for thy strength oh Lord for thy mercy for Lord God everything oh Lord God that you have provided for us oh Lord even oh Lord in times oh Lord as this oh Lord Jesus Lord we know that you oh Lord is faithful and jealous and would do oh Lord according to what you oh Lord God have promised. So we have no doubt oh Lord God in our heart that you oh Lord God is our savior. You is our deliverer Lord God you is our helper Lord God in times of need. So Lord we come this morning oh Lord God with needs Lord. You know every need oh Lord God that we have. You know our hearts oh Lord Jesus and you know it oh Lord God. You knew it before the foundation of the world. So Lord, we know that you are going to answer Lord Jesus. We know Lord God that if we ask anything according to your will. We know Lord God that you hear us, oh Lord Jesus. And if you hear us, oh Lord God, we have the petition, oh Lord, of which we ask for. So Lord, we thank you this morning, oh Lord God, for yielding our bodies. We thank you this morning, oh Lord God, from touching, oh Lord God, in the manner which you, oh Lord God, desires. Lord, we just want to remember Lord our brother Ben. Oh Lord, Lord God is getting ready to have surgery. Lord, Lord, we know that you, oh Lord God, have already prepared the way. So we thank you this morning, oh Lord Jesus, Lord, those, oh Lord, that desire to be here, Lord God, and is not here. We ask you Lord God to go there Lord and minister this morning oh Lord touch oh Lord God and and do oh Lord God according to their desires Lord the hands that even went up this morning oh Lord Lord you know what's behind those hands oh Lord Lord I don't know the requests oh Lord Jesus of which they have in their heart but you know it oh Lord Jesus and we know Lord God without a doubt Father God that you are going to meet every need oh Lord according to to your riches and glory. So we thank you this morning, oh Lord, for Lord God, being a God like that. We thank you this morning, oh Lord God, for being a merciful God, for being a God of compassion. We thank you this morning, oh Lord, for all that you have given unto us. We thank you this morning, oh Lord, for the Holy Ghost, oh Lord, that's amongst us, oh Lord, even right now, Lord Jesus. We thank you this morning, oh Lord God, for we have a for we have a God, oh Lord God, that we have a God, oh Lord, that meets all of our needs. But Lord, greater than all, Lord God, this morning, we come to hear from heaven. We come to hear word, oh Lord God, that would touch that would, oh Lord God, sanctify, oh Lord God, our being. Lord, we ask you this morning for a greater anointing. Oh Lord, we ask you this morning for, oh Lord, a greater filling of the Holy Ghost this morning. We ask you this morning, oh Lord, that you would come down this morning, and stir us up, oh Lord God, for we know that time is at hand, Lord. We ask you this morning, oh Lord, to help us get in line, oh Lord. Oh, in the name of Jesus, we ask this this morning, Lord. Let our pastor Lord come this morning. And let every word that come forth, oh Lord, from his mouth, let it be received with thanksgiving this morning. Let it be received with thanksgiving this morning. And not only let us hear it, oh Lord, but help us to apply to our daybyday living. For we know, Lord God, to be hearers of the word and not doers, oh Lord, we deceive our own self. Father, in the name of Jesus this morning, we thank you for, oh Lord God, what you are going to do. We thank you, Father God, for what you have already done in the name of Jesus. Bless each and everyone that's here today, Lord. Bless us, oh Lord God, as we, oh Lord, assemble, Father God. Bless the tithes and offering. Thank you again, Father God, for everything that you are doing, Lord. In the name of Jesus, we pray. Amen and amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Won't you just turn around, shake one's hand, welcome each other to the house of the Lord. Ask the brothers they would come and take up an offering. Years I spend in [Music] car not for me. He died on [Music] Calary. See, there was great grace was [Music] great. And there was hope to me. There my burden so at [Music] Calary and by God's wordless my sin I learned I trembled at the law I spurned till my guilty soul returned to Cal. [Music] There was great smoke to fly to me and then I [Music] s and now I'm giving Jesus [Music] everything. Now I gladly own him as my king. And now my raptured soul can only see of [Music] Calary. [Music] Over there grace. to me. And there I [Music] s and all the love that true salv. [Music] Oh, the grace that brought him down to man and all the might that God did at [Music] Calary [Music] over there and grace was [Music] free and there was multip to me and there I s oh when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout. Oh, when we all when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing. Oh, that will be when we all see my Jesus. We will sing and shout the victory. Oh, sing the wondous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in the manions. Oh, and bless him. He's prepared for us a place. Oh, when we all get to [Music] heaven, I will be when we all see the victory. And while we walk the pilgrims pathway, clouds will over spread the sky. But when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sign. Oh, when we all get to heaven. Oh yes. I'm going to see. I'm going to see my Jesus. And I'm going to sing and shout victory. So let us then be true and faithful trusting. So every day just one glance of him in glory will the toes of life repay. Oh when we all get to heaven. Oh yes [Music] Lord. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout victory. So it's all worth the prize before us [Music] soon. Soon the pearly gates are going to open. We shall tread the streets of gold. Oh, when we all get together, what a day of rejoicing. Oh, that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing and shout the victory. Won't just give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Be [Music] seated. I saw your [Music] struggle. Fear had it grip on [Music] you. I saw the years of tears and prayers that were prayed for you. I saw the [Music] torment Satan's blood. [Music] But I watched I watched you break through. I watched you break free of those chains that held you bound. I saw God's mighty hand bring deliverance down in just one moment. Atonement, changed, delivered, set free. I see what God's done for you. I've watched you break [Music] through. Oh, Satan trapped you in his dark web of sin. Tried to put out the light that God had put with him. We serve a God who answers and didn't stop praying for you. There I watched I watched you break through. I watched you break free from those chains that held you bound. I saw God's mighty hand bring deliverance down in just one moment. Atonement, changed, delivered, set free. I see what God's done for you. [Music] I watched you [Music] break in just one moment. Atonement, changed, delivered, set free. I see what God's done for [Music] you. I watched you break through. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. There's nothing like watching that happen. God comes down and just makes a complete change in just a moment. How many's ever experienced that change in your life? Hallelujah. Jesus draw me close. And Jesus draw me [Music] close Lord to [Music] you. Let the world around me fade away. [Music] Jesus draw me closeer Lord to you for I desire to worship and oy oh Jesus Jesus [Music] Let the world around [Music] me. Oh, fade away. Jesus, draw me close. [Music] Close to you for I desire to worship and oy. Oh Jesus, Jesus draw me close, close Lord to you. [Music] Let the world around me, oh fade away. Oh Jesus, draw me close, closer to you. For I desire to worship one more time. Jesus draw me. Oh Jesus draw me close Lord to you. Let the world around me fade away. Oh Jesus, draw me [Music] close, closer, Lord, to [Music] you. For I desire to worship him. [Music] Amen. Let's just worship the Lord together. Brother Phil leads us in this song. And one day I'm going to take a step towards my theophony. And one day I'm going to take another step into my theop. And one day I know that that final step oh is going to set me free. Not the off. Oh, I hear it calling me. Can't you hear it calling? Come up a little higher into the perfect world. Oh, come up a little higher into the agath love. Oh, come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly might theophony. Oh, I hear it come with me. Oh, and don't you worry, little children should knock on your door. Don't you know that? Oh, it's just a doorway. Oh, and it leads to that heaven. Oh, over there. There's no heartache. There's no sorrow, grief, nor pain. Oh, just perfect love. Oh, peace and joy beyond compare. And one day I'm gone to take a step towards my theop. And one day I'm going to take another step into my Theopathy. And one day I know that that final step, oh, it's going to set me free. Oh, might the Oh, I hear it calling [Music] me. Over the next hill. Well, I look. Oh, I can see complete victory up around the next curve in the road. That old devil, he's got to flee. Cuz God's army, she's marching, marching onward to slay that old enemy up around the next curve. I see King Jesus coming for me. Oh, and one day I'm going to take a step towards my the one day I'm going to take another step into my the one day I know that final step he's going to set me free. Not the offering. Oh, I hear him calling me. Oh, and just over the next hill. Well, I look. Oh, I see a series of victories up around the road. That old devil, he's got the flee. Cuz God's army is marching, marching onward to slay that old enemy around the next curve. I see King Jesus come for me. Oh, and one day I'm going to take a step towards my theop. And one day I'm going to take another step into my theop. And one day I know that final step. He's going to set me free. My theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. Oh, and can't you hear it calling? Come up a little higher into the perfect word. Oh, come up a little higher into the agape love. Oh, come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly my theophony. Oh, I hear it calling me. Oh, and can't you hear it? Hear it calling. Come up a little higher into the perfect word. Oh, come up a little higher into the agot they love. Oh, come up a little higher. Soaring through the heavenly mighty off. Oh, I hear him calling me. the Lord. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Can you hear him calling you this morning? Come up a little higher. You've been earthbound too long. It's time to sail in the heavenlies where all things are possible to them that believe. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The theophony, what is that? It's that word body. It's what we bypassed. We didn't get to go into that form when we come down here to be tempted and tested and tried by sin because of what Adam did. But oh, hallelujah. Amen. We're headed back to the original thought that God had us before the foundation of the world. And I want to take another step toward it this morning. Amen. I want to step it a little higher till I just step into that agape love into that atmosphere where heaven comes down and the spirit of God moves and where all things are possible to them that believe. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Amen. Ain't it good to be back together again? I hope you had a wonderful Easter. we did down at camp. And if you didn't stream the services, well, they're there for you to do and it would be a blessing. I know. And brother Ron wrote me this morning and said he felt really good. So, we're so thankful for that, what the Lord's done for him and doing for him. And I believe he'll finish the work. He goes for some bobsies this week on his kidneys. So, just remember that in prayer. We just believe between now and then it'll all be good. Amen. Just one step away. That may be the way you are this morning. Just one step away from your miracle. What you need in your life. Amen. That you can take another step. Maybe you're sick. Well, you can hold before you then the vision of a perfectly healed body and step by step walk into it. Amen. Maybe you're filled with complexes and problems and situations in your life. Well, I tell you what you can do. Hold before you a perfect man. in the stature of the fullness of Christ and step by step you walk into it. Amen. Move a little higher with him today. God bless you and so thankful to be gathered together. We are want to welcome this morning especially our brother Jason, sister Shanica Green. They're here right back there. Raise your hand so everybody know who we're talking about. Way high. Come on. They want to know who that is. Amen. God bless you. They're going to be sojouring with us and u they uh well we couldn't say anything about it till they officially done it. So you know we you've seen them from service to service time to time but they're not visitors anymore. So we're going to put a sword in their hand and we're going to say hey whatever talent you got use it for God. Amen. We ain't going to take no backsliding stuff hiding in a few somewhere sitting down doing nothing. We're going to see them work for the kingdom of God. Amen. Not a minister anymore. Going to put your shoulder to the wheel. Move on. Amen. That's what we do. Amen. God bless you. Let's turn to Hebrews chapter 11 and we're going to look at verse five for our scripture reading this morning. And I'll tell you, um, you know, if you you today, I hope you're prepared for the service of God and your your physical bellies are are full enough that you can last a little bit and we'll get through this sermon this morning. Amen. If I hear too much growling, well, I'll just uh I'll just rebuke the devil. Amen. Oh, isn't God good to us? He gives us so many blessings. And we're undeserving, of course, but you know, he's not looking at us. He's looking at our sacrifice. And because of that, we're perfect through him. Um looking at Hebrews 11:5, remembering our theme now, who art thou, oh great mountain, thou shalt become a plain, and the headstone shall be brought forth with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. By faith, Enoch was translated that he should not see death and was not found because God had translated him. For before his translation, he had this testimony that he pleased God. How many wants Enoch's testimony that you please God? Amen. But without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe he is, not was, will, not will be, not future tense or past, but the present tense, I am God. and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Oh, that men might seek the Lord. God bless you. Can be seated. Going to be speaking on the atmosphere for rapture. Amen. What a wonderful song to come out on. My theophony is calling me. And you know, step out a little higher into that agopa love. And I think that'll go exactly with what we're speaking on today. Rapture faith is an atmosphere of power and authority. A people uh that have that rapture faith are people that know their God and understand their position in him. And those that know their God, the Bible said, will do exploits. So we we were told even in the sermon where brother Brandham preached on perfect faith. He said you know what he was trying to get the church was into a place or to move into a realm where we see apostolic times again the power and the works of the early church moving among us. And he declared that it's laying right at the door. I I pray it'll open to you today, you know, to open to all of us that uh where that we walk into that realm where that we see scripture fulfilled in our lives and and apostolic times again. We see only glimpses of it right now. But we desire or we should desire a greater flow. A flow so strong that it'll not only bless us but it'll pour out through us to others. But how are we going to do it? It's going to be by climbing higher in the realms of faith. And this is why I continue to preach uh that you are to move mountains, that you are to get the obstacles out of your way where we can believe God for a rapture. You know, Enoch pleased God. How did he please God? The Bible said by faith. And we we're going to need the same rapturing faith that Enoch had. His faith pleased God. And we must walk in an atmosphere where all things are possible. You know, after God has confirmed his word, it would be a sin for us to disbelieve. We should believe in all things and all miracles and and believe that there is nothing impossible with us as believers. Now, sin doesn't mean just go out and drink or living wild again. No, that sin is deeper than that. To sin is to disbelieve. And Jesus said, "Go and sin or disbelieve no more." And you know that's the whole heart of this. And you know, brother Brandon believed um what one of the issues of the day was. It was that so many believers don't know who they are. That positionally they don't know their position in Christ. We heard a tremendous message Wednesday night on that. and uh of having faith in our position and our calling and they the problem is that too many forget their identity. It happens often you know when we get sick or we we're oppressed by the devil that we forget who we are and and we begin to look at our own selves and our own problems and our our weaknesses instead of looking at what we are offering a perfect sacrifice. And we and we forget that what that perfect sacrifice has made is because you are sons and daughters of the living God. And I'm not talking about someday. I'm talking about right now. Too often we're waiting on something great to come when not realizing the greatest gift has already been given to you. And that's the Holy Ghost. Is Christ in you, the hope of glory. The Bible says that now we are the sons of God. Not that we will be, we are now. And I want to just say that that means we're not beggars that are crawling in the dust and begging for a spiritual handout. But we are sons and daughters of the king. And the Bible said we are now sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And he meant right now, not future, not one day, not in the millennium. There is a throne in the millennium and we will be enthroned with Christ. But right now, we are seated together in heavenly positions in Christ Jesus th enthroned with him. And let me tell you what, when that kind of faith gets rooted in the church, when it gets really down under the fifth rib, you know the the devil, he can't stay any longer. He has to flee. He loses his crown. He has no hold over our lives. Amen. Oh, to be that church. Brother Brandham talked about that Satan, you know, didn't know what to do with because they so completely were trusting and in the will of God. And let me tell you something again and knowing our position, we remember Satan has no legal rights over a bornagain believer. None. None whatsoever. So we're not spiritual beggars. We have received the riches of his grace. For when a man or a woman gives her heart to Christ, God hands to them a whole stack of blank checks signed with the name that's above all names, Jesus. And he says, "Here, fill them out." Amen. I tell you, you know, I wonder today, are we afraid, too? Don't be afraid. Amen. The check is good. The deposit was made. Heaven, the bank of heaven is full of the riches of his grace. He is even coming down with double favor upon your life. Amen. Oh, we don't need to be afraid to fill them out. But whatsoever things you desire when you pray, you believe that you receive them and you shall have them. That's a promise. That's not a maybe, not a someday. Amen. But you you need to believe it. You need to receive it today. You need to walk in that perfect faith as Lena did. As his faith became mature, it went from faith to faith until it became a rapturing faith. No doubt it started off just like every one of us, a little tiny flame within our soul. But it began to grow until it changed from just a small little uh seed, a tiny seed of faith until it became a mighty blowing rapturing faith. Now, Brother Brandham told us, he said, "You've got to create an atmosphere, and your faith will do it." So in order for the word of the rapture to be come to life, that faith that was once delivered to the saints had to be restored. And I want to tell you, this message came to produce faith. It was to turn your heart back to believing again. Not believing less for things, but believing more. Amen. Expecting greater. You remember um you know they were all in the upper room with one accord and suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind. What happened? The atmosphere was right. Amen. It takes the atmosphere to do anything. You know the regular procedure to hatch out a a chick is to put them under a hen. You know, get that egg in the right atmosphere and it'll hatch. And and remember they even found out with incubators they can do the same thing you know with an incubator it's the atmosphere. Amen. It's the atmosphere and if you you get a person in the right atmosphere that it'll produce a newborn babe. Oh my. And brother Brandman said let this little handful of people sitting in here get in the perfect atmosphere and watch what take place. There will not be a feeble man or woman in our midst. The cripples will walk, the blind will see, the deaf will hear, the dumb will speak without prayer or anything. It's the atmosphere. He said that's how 25,000 were healed in one prayer in Africa. When they seen the Lord do something, it created the atmosphere and they stepped right into it. Amen. Like the pool when the water was running straight. Let me tell you, I believe the atmosphere has been created. But you got to get out of the doldrums of where you are and out of the atmosphere of Leodysia and move out into a heavenly realm. Amen. Where the atmosphere has been created where heaven can come down into a soul. Oh, I love to see it when heaven comes down and souls come to God and surrender their life to him. I love it when the atmosphere gets right and those that are sick are healed and depression leaves and spirits run out of the building. Amen. I love to see it when the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost comes and takes over a man or woman until they don't know what to do with themselves anymore. So surrender to God. I remember brother Brandham talking about this in calling Jesus on the scene when he spoke at right here in Louisiana down at Denim Springs and he said, "We just witness one of the greatest revivals I believe the world has ever seen these last 10 or 15 years. It's been a revival not just like the days of Bill Billy Sunday or the days of the West revival or the days of the Westland revival or Moody revival. It's been a worldwide sweeping affair around the world. Great healing services and great revival fires has burned on practically every heel there is in the world right now way over than the lands of Africa down in China, Japan. This gospel is being preached and people are being healed this right this very minute around and around the world. It's been one of the greatest revivals because I believe it's one of the last this world will see a world sweeping revival. But now in the last few years, it's quietened down. You don't notice the enthusiasm in the people that it used to be. Oh, brother Tim, we don't want to be enthused. Listen, Brother Brandham told us we should never lose our enthusiasm. Oh, he said, "I remember the privilege by the Holy Spirit to spearhead that revival that started when that angel of the Lord appeared on the river and said that about many years ago and to see it happen and see it set ministers hearts of fire everywhere and revival broke out. Why you could just simply listen, you could just simply walk into a building and people would just get out of their CS and stretchers and walk away healed. You didn't even have to say a word. I remember one night in Vanelia, Illinois. I walked into a meeting. Hadn't been no more in the meeting over five minutes and there wasn't a feeble person around the place anywhere. Wheelchairs pushed out and piled up. The blind was seeing the deaf and dumb speaking and the spirit of God was present and he just healed the whole group of them. Now, that's when you can do something when revival is going on. But you let the revival fire die down. then you can hardly the people are still Christians but they're not revived into that spirit that great atmosphere that does something said it's just like a forge in a blacksmith's shop you you got to get the iron hot before you go to pounding on on the anvil if you don't you'll never get it straightened out and that's what it takes to have a revival is everybody under the heat of the Holy Spirit that's brought down the powers of God and revival moving. There's where prayer meetings are going day and night, every minute, everywhere. Why the people would even leave the ground. Well, you know, we we we reached a time we said, "Well, but brother Tim, revival is over." And people just don't feel it. And and and that's true, especially for the world. They'll never have another. Amen. But but don't forget, restoration is revival. How many believes in restoration? Well, if you believe in restoration, you got to believe in revival. They're one in the same thing. Amen. But but also it's a fact that the prophet for the last days that as he said must bring a message from God that have forerun the second coming of the Lord for by his message with the hearts of the children be turned back to the Pentecostal fathers and with the restoration of the word will come. the restoration of the power. Amen. Oh, step up then into a perfect word. Amen. Word that's only letter isn't a perfect word. It's got to be in spirit and in truth. Amen. Without the spirit with the with the letter, the letter just kills. But when the spirit of comes with the letter and the word and the spirit comes, it gives two wings to fly. Amen. You can fly in the heavens where all things are possible to them that believe. Amen. I just say this. If the coming of an angel bringing a gift to divine healing produced an atmosphere where the sick were healed spontaneously, how do you expect the dead in Christ will rise? Amen. You know what? Won't it be in power? Amen. If the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, that's the atmosphere of heaven, right? It'll quicken or make alive your mortal body. So you see, the only thing that'll make the dead in Christ rise is the quickening power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The only thing that'll make a dead church rise or dead Christian rise. Amen. There's too many dead Christians in the church and they ain't breathed in a long time. We need to be calling 911 on heaven. Amen. Because we need the rescue squad to come out with the angels of God to come down in attendance because too many are dead to breathe their last breath. It's time for the breath of the Holy Ghost to breathe in the lives of men and women until they're filled with the uncction of the power of God. You know, brother Bradam envisioned the rapture this way. You can hear it in the message, the countdown. You know, how many times did he preach that? He showed that we were not to be earthbound, but we to be spiritual atmospheres exploring the heavenlies. Amen. You know, he preached that we have moved beyond earthbound existence into the skies. He said even Isuza Street took off in a in an airplane flying higher than the age other ages. But now is the time we are to be spiritual astronauts going to the realms that are previously unknown to other ages. I hear him in his prayer as he prayed in Countdown. Father, so many things could be said right here. Maybe the church wouldn't understand, but I pray you'll give them such a crave for it, Lord, that they'll come and see we are in the end time, the astronaut age. I pray, Father, they'll realize it isn't trying to condemn what they had. It's only trying to give them more rapturing grace. That's what we're doing today. We're not trying to condemn what you got. We're trying to lift you a little higher. Amen. even around as other maybe are listening. I'm not trying to con condemn your church or condemn another message group. No, I want to see you lifted a little higher. Amen. I want to see you reach for the realms of the heavenly. He said it's only trying to give them more rapturing grace for the hour will come when we will have to have rapture power not only to heal the body but to change it in a moment in a twinkling of an eye. Christ will be so real in their bodies till he can change it. Amen. By his great death what he purchased. May they take this today that token that I spoke of hold it before them and walk into this atmosphere where visions, powers and worlds beyond known and and and God oh God where the great mysteries of God is unfolded in those seven seals and made known to man. Oh, brother Tim, we're in the seven seals. Well, I'll tell you what. You know, we got the mystery. Yeah. But it's where visions and powers and worlds beyond where the seven seals are opened. These mysteries did of truths did not come by the intellectual abilities of man. Wasn't an intellectual and man anointing. It was under an eagle anointing to go back into the very mind of God and bring forward the things that were written in the word of God. We look around even as we think of the countdown. We look and see what fallen man, fallen sons of God, man in his fallen state, what they've accomplished. We're living in a super world. Amen. And if you would if you could transport somebody here from 150 years ago, uh, you know, they they would their mind would be blown. Amen. I mean, they they only knew horse buggy and walking and and and horseback riding. They they knew nothing. Amen. They knew nothing of automobiles. They knew nothing of of of of, you know, of the progress that we have made today. They wouldn't we we would be superhuman to them. Supernatural. Not just natural people, but supernatural to them. And I'm only talking about the natural realm. We're a people that's a supernatural class beyond the the normal, the natural. value. We're listen man was that way for how many [Music] millenniums falling behind a oxtart, you know, going walking here, getting on an old sailing ship and letting the wind blow them somewhere when they hoped they would wind up where they wanted to go. You know how how different we are today. Amen. Now, brother Bradom told us the natural types of spiritual. So, look what man has accomplished. He's accomplished. He's created automobiles. He discovered radio. He harnessed electricity. He split the atoms. He launched jet planes into the skies. And we just look how rapidly the science has advanced. And even even lately, we've had we've had people just normal people going into outer space, not astronauts, so to speak, but normal people being caught up into realms that others had never experienced before. But the church is too often stuck. You know, it's clanging clinging just to outdated creeds and traditions of man and afraid to step into the full revelation of God's word. When God is calling us to go deeper, to unfold his word, not not just the letter, but the word in power. Amen. Not not to stay stuck in yesterday's shadows or in the glare of the light of another day. Oh, there's too many in the message today that are walking in a glare in the past, in the memory of the years gone by of where one day that God once moved and too many are walking. And don't get offended. And please, you know, if you're listening this, don't clip this part of the sermon without getting the rest of it. You know, you know, you know, you're a gossiper when you do that. You know, you're you I I I tell you that the Bible's got some things to say about you that aren't too good. You're s of discord. You're one of those that God hates. Amen. But too many are walking in yesterday's light of God sent a prophet. And and it's true. God did send a prophet. But but I I want to say that was yesterday's light. Oh yeah. We still love that truth. We still rejoice in that truth. And it was brought to us. It brought us to where we are today. Amen. That you know, we couldn't have got here today without that. Amen. That was the shout. Amen. That was the shout. That was a message coming forth in this day. Amen. But friends, we have moved beyond that. I I don't mean we have forgotten that. I don't mean we have neglected that. I'm talking about we have advanced. Amen. To where that now the voice is in the bride. Hallelujah. Yes. It was in the prophet. It was in the ministry. It gave us 1100 sermons. It it established a message. It brought the doctrines. But now you've got to give voice to it. Amen. You know, I tell you what, you could just read the accounts. You could read the accounts where he he would say in the message influence, he said, just your presence to walk in with the people. While the people get up out of cs and stretchers and walk around, you just lay your hands on them. Give me a glass. somebody um lay your hands on them and my that just sent them a whirl. And I've seen lines where there's been four or 500 people come through the lines deaf, dumb, blind, crosseyed. Not one of them failed, but what was healed? Every one of them. He said, "Try it today. See, there's no fire." In Rome, when the fires went out in the temple at Vista, the people went home. Now there is no revival fire to back it up. See that's just it. And after a while I'm quoting you. And after a while if the world's still standing are we is the world still standing? Is it now after a while? Amen. They start living in the glare again. So you see I I'm not just saying that God's prophet said after a while they start living in the glare again. I didn't say that the prophet did. And since it's true it's happening everywhere. Amen. It's the spirit of the age. You see, Leoa are going right on and they've never missed Christ. They don't recognize he ain't there. I I read your Bible, Revelation chapter 3, the last age. Christ is on the outside and they hadn't missed him. Amen. They never missed him. They're living in a glare. They still quote the quotes. They're still saying sing about him, but he's missing from the church. There's hardly even a fragrance of him left. It's a mirage of the past where God used to do those things but not now. You know, you you see we reason that was only for that phase of the divine healing movement. I just wanted to just bring it back to you again. This message began with the supernatural and it will end with a supernatural resurrection and a rapture, brother. It won't be an intellectual knowledge. It'll be quickening power at work. Now sometimes people will say all the signs and wonders are only for the vindication of the of the message and once the message the word has come we don't need vindication anymore. So the days of miracles has ceased. So then Christ is no longer the same. You're no longer believing that he is and he's a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. So you see they become like Eve believing that God won't keep his word. And when we do that, we give we give ear to the voice of the serpent. But you see as I I want to share this away with you as brother Brandham in brother Brandham's words he says today they have nerve to say where wonder what happened to the God of the Bible. Where is that God? And he answers why you choked him out by your creeds. You choked him out by your traditions. You tried to place him back in history. He's a God of history. And what he's waiting on today, that same God of history where that when Moses called on him at the Red Sea, the God of history rose up and made a way. And when Joshua called on the God of history at Jordan, he rose up and made a way. And when Daniel called on him and the lion's den and the Hebrew and the Hebrew children, the fiery furnace, he made a way. He's still the same God of history. And he's waiting for his people to call him up out of history. That same God remains God. He's God forever. But our traditions, we've taught it away from the people. And this is what has happened. But he said what we must do is to bring that living faith back to the people. Bring God back. How many wants God in our midst? Amen. That we welcome and receive the word, the living word, and the spirit and the power of the word. But he said in testimony on the sea, he said in this date, in this kind of atmosphere like that, he said, "We're getting to find out miracles aren't taking place in no more like they were. The sick will go home sick." And it isn't because of God. It's because of the lack of the revival among the people. There's no revival. Well, they just sit and listen and they go home and say, "Well, that was pretty good. Are you listening even?" Amen. He said, he said, "If because of lack of revival among the people, there's no revival." They just sit and listen and go home and say, "Well, that was pretty good." Uh, but there's not that zeal. There's not that something in the people that should be. Well, no wonder he called out to Leoa, be zealous. No other age does he have to admonish like that. But he says to this age, be zealous and willing to repent. Amen. You see, something must change. And I'm going to just say this because and and and why I preach the way I do and why that I'm bringing out some of the things. Maybe sometimes I will reiterate them and reinforce them with other scriptures or other quotes or another sermon or another another viewpoint is because I want to raise your expectations. I want to raise your expectation beyond a denominational bitchwarmer, beyond that of a spectator or even beyond that of an imitator. or an impersonator. I want to raise your expectations where that you as an eagle no longer are earthbound, but you leave the old dirty nest and out of your comfort zone and get into a place where that you see all things are possible. To them that believe and we begin to come together with an expectancy, God's going to move. God's going to save. God's going to deliver. God's going to heal. Devils are going to be cast out. Amen. The sick will will not go home sick, but there's going to be healing in the house. Deliverance in the house of God. Come on. It's promise. These signs shall follow them that believe. Are we believers anymore? If we are believers, then in my name they shall cast out devils. In my name, they will speak with new tongues. Hallelujah. They'll even take serpents up. I'm not even talking about literal ones, but spiritual ones, and cast them out. But listen, brother Brandon, this is a parting words. Parting words. Isn't it amazing? those last few sermons that he speaks and he speaks of you know I I you know modern events made clear by prophecy and you know walking with them on the way to Emmas and then he speaks of leadership one saved and one lost is like happened with Jesus on the cross you know one saved one lost like with Moses you know and and Pharaoh two two sons of Egypt there one saved one lost and won't let that he comes down and he preaches the rapture and then things that are to be and he ends his entire ministry closes it because it was a ministry of Christ being portrayed in this day closes it with communion and then the last words imparted to us as a messenger to Leodysia would would say impart the last words to the last age. He says you know the hour will soon arise when right among us the Holy Spirit will speak out like it did in Ananas of fire. Remember that hour is arriving now. You just remember that God is going to dwell among his people. That's what he wants to do. Now, well, I tell you if that is the words I I wonder, would we let him? Would we let him? Amen. I asked the bride around the world, minister, friends, all of you around the world, will we let him? Amen. Every little display of the supernatural gets attacked. Preachers are skittish and paranoid of it. They shy away from anything of the Holy Spirit. They want to dismiss the Holy Ghost as emotionalism. They want to deny the gifts of the Holy Ghost. They want to discredit it every way. And they go on a witch hunt to try to find any little flaw, any little excuse why not to believe. when God's wanting to dwell among his people. But we are living in the final days. How many believes that? And this is the hour where God's glorious church has got to stand tall, radiant, and bold. Amen. And mirroring the very mighty angels coming down in Revelation 10 whose face was as a sun. And we've got to reflect that same glory shining as the sun. But instead, we hear people say, "Ah, I'm in the message." We don't believe that Pentecostal trash. We don't want those tongues speaking Acts 2:38, youngans. And preachers will actually practice spiritual birth control to make sure it doesn't happen. And they will literally tie the tubes of the church to keep her from bringing forth those kind of Acts 2:38 tongue-speaking children. Come on now. That's a tragedy. Amen. What a what a distraction from our true identity. You see, it's not supposed to be that way. God isn't to be confined to a message label or a sublabel of of the message, a peruse or a third pull or whatever. He He's pouring out in wave after wave after wave. And it's not supposed to be one small touch, one isolated baptism, one single revelation. No, it's baptism after baptism. It's revelation after revelation. It's power upon power. It's glory upon glory. Oh, we should be so far up the road now. The church prepared and watching and waiting, expecting that great translation. We ever once should be screaming with one accord. How many believes we should be in one accord and all with one voice saying, "Let the fire fall." Amen. Let the Holy Ghost come down. Let heaven rain among us. It's not supposed to be confined to the seven seals. seals. The seven seals opened the book and all its inheritance. It placed and the power of every mystery and every Bible prophecy at our fingertips, but instead we linger back in the past. We're rehearsing old forms and saying, "Let's go back." And I just say, "No, come on. What if I said to you, "Let's just all be Amish." Menites, get you a horse and buggy. Turn off your electricity. Somebody needs to say no. That's insanity. Amen. You know, most of us get in a panic if we just think we're going to go off the grid. We ain't going to have electricity. Oh my. What would I do without it? How would I grow food? What would I do? How would I do this? How, you know, and then all of a sudden you get in this survival mentality? I don't want to go backwards. I don't want to take this church backwards. I want to go forward. Oh, no. I don't want to take us back to Zuza Street. Don't misunderstand me. I I ain't satisfied just flying a little bit off the ground. I want to go in the heavens. I want rapturing power this hour. I want to move in the rounds that has been prophesied of a people in this last day. I want you to listen carefully as I just kind of take the words of the prophet of God. If I put them in my own words, pardon me here, but you ministers that was in the ministers meeting, I shared this with you. But we're coming into a time, just like Paul said, where there are prophecies, they will fail. And where there are tongues, they will cease because there's something that's even greater than that that will remain. And that is love. It's the essence of God's nature, divine love, the atmosphere of of what was so tangibly felt and noticed beyond the curtain of time when the prophet of God was so blessed to go there and bring us back the report of it. And the time is coming and it's almost here when the saints will gather and an atmosphere of holy love of the Holy Ghost will just flood the room and no one will have to touch anyone. Not even a prayer line or laying on of hands. There won't there won't be none of that needed for the body change. The presence of the Holy Ghost will be so thick, so yet so tender, yet so powerful that everything wrong will be made right and sickness will be healed and insane minds restored and hearts will be made whole just by the presence of God alone. Hallelujah. Yeah. But right now, we lay hands on the sick. We anoint with oil and we pray. That's how we minister under this present anointing. But there's a day coming. How many believes it? There's a day coming when Christ God's church will be so refined, so filled with the Holy Ghost that the Holy Ghost will be just simply moved from the through the people just like he did on the day of Pentecost. Miracles will break out without anyone laying hands on them. And healing will pour forth and the lame will walk and the blind will see and miss and limbs will be restored. And the atmosphere will be charged with the glory of God. Oh, I know. We've had a day of fanaticism and impersonations, and these impersonators took gifts and turned them into a spectacle. They took them and made them into a fundraising tool and a performance that left a bad taste in everybody's mouth because that's never what the gifts of God are for. The gifts were given to bring the gospel and faith to the people. It was not to build names or not to build empires or make kingdoms. We know that even a man could have, you know, standing behind the pull pit could work great miracles and signs and wonders, even preach under the anointing and not be saved. Even devils, you know, will will will perform under that under that to to to do wonders. The Bible calls them lion signs and wonders because even if they're true wonders and signs because they're false, it makes them lion signs. And so he said, "Many will come to me in that day and say, Lord, Lord, have we not cast out devils in your name and done many mighty works?" And I'll say, "Depart from me. I never knew you." Why? Because it's not about the works. It's about the heart. It's about being known of him. Amen. It's important. God can say, "I know you." Come on. Oh, he knows everybody. Not in this way. This is a personal personal relationship. Amen. To be known of God. Oh, yeah. So, yeah, I understand gifts are wonderful. They're necessary and they're given to every man to profit the body. But the time is coming. Listen to me closely. When even those gifts will fade in comparison to something greater, when that which is perfect, love comes in its fullness. It ain't here yet. Amen. the gifts, you know, but however, when that perfect love comes in his fullness, the gifts, as brother Baptist used, brother Bradom's word, will simply be laid on the mantle, as it were. And the church then will not be ruled by charisma or by performance but by the pure holy presence of God's love as our bodies are transformed by its power in a moment in a twinkling of an eye. We're talking about a baptism. I I'm talking about the atmosphere of there of divine love of perfection comes down until it so permeates not just the soul of man but even changes our bodies. But right now we're still in the day of preaching. This is the hour to reach the lost. It's the hour to preach the gospel with fire. Amen. It is the time to call sinners to repentance, to bring them to the life of Christ. And that's what signs and wonders confirm that they follow the preaching of the word. I I hope you you get that signs follow the preaching of the word. Amen. and the Lord went with them performing signs and wonders. So you see, if we're really preaching the word, we don't have to seek signs and seek wonders. They just follow. But if the word's really not being preached and it's just a dead letter, it'll be dead works and it'll be a faithless bunch of people. But right now, we're in the day of preaching. This is the hour to reach the lost, to preach the gospel, to call sinners, to bring them to life of Christ. This is a time where we lay hands on the sick. How many believes in that? Amen. Where we have prayer lines. That's what we have right now. But we're pressing towards something that's even greater than that. Where there won't be another prayer line. Come on, somebody. Where there won't be hands laid on the sick. Amen. This right now is a time where we need gifts of healing. The other day in a prayer line there at camp, Sister Jennifer Mason came in the prayer line suffering with with with I think it's rheumatoid arthritis. I'm not sure what her diagnosis is, but she's been taking different medications for that that you know that'll ruin your body actually because they have side effects hurting so bad that she couldn't do nothing but sit down, you know, and get back up again and try a little more. You know what it is to suffer like that, right? coming in the prayer line the other day. Amen. As she stood there, I knew about her situation, but I just rebuked the thing. Amen. And you know what? The devil left her. [Applause] She said, "I was expecting a healing, but what I got was a miracle." Amen. I walked from that prayer line, no pain. I've been without pain. Amen. Why? Because today is still the day of prayer lines, gifts of healing, workings of miracles. Right now, in this time, we need gifts of healing. We need words of prophecy. We need a word of knowledge and the gift of wisdom to go with it. But we're nearing the finishing line. Amen. The church is nearly anchored, is nearly ready. And when she will when she's finally in position, oh hallelujah, the Holy Spirit himself will take full control and the sick will be healed and the blind will see and the lame will walk. Not because we touched them, but because he touched the whole body. And we will stand together not in division, but in one great glorious unity, soaked in the love of God. as that heavenly atmosphere sweeps down and changes our bodies. And then, my friend, we will not need gifts to discern. We will know as we are known. And then when we are changed, we will know all things because we will be fully the word when the theophony glorifies the body. And in that form, we know all things. So no need for prophecy because we already know. And we won't even notice anybody speaking in tongues because everybody will be talking heaven's language. Amen. And we won't need a gift of interpretation because there won't be nobody that don't understand. And then we won't need gifts of healing because everybody will be healed from head to toe to be sick no more. No more divine healing. No more divine healing. But then divine health, never to get sick again. And won't be no old people there either. Only young people will be there. for old age will fade away as we had the most glorious grand and youth camp ever. H is ready. Hallelujah. I'm ready for that theophony to step out, unite together and glorify this small body and it come into a glorious youth camp that we never dismiss from. and a youth that never fades the message expectation. Brother Brandon said all one accord, one place. They were blessing God for the Holy Ghost which had never come yet. And they believed that it was because God was going to keep his promise. Well, what about the rapture promise? Amen. Well, can't we believe that promise? Amen. And when they kept blessing God until that atmosphere got just right, then there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind and it filled all the house where they were sitting. See, the atmosphere got right. He said, "Well, couldn't we get an atmosphere here that every crippled, every blind person, every sick person, everything all with one accord believeth until the sick?" Well, I seen it in Wood River where there wasn't one person left. They just piled up the crutches, the wheelchairs, the CS, and I was standing on the platform preaching like this and they began to raise up and throw them to the corners. He said, "The atmosphere got right." Hallelujah. Listen, we got a promise in the word for those that are alive and remain. The atmosphere is going to get right. Hallelujah. Heaven's atmosphere will blend with the earth atmosphere. And we will step into that as they step out of that and they unite with their bodies and we are changed in a moment in a twinkling of an eye. The atmosphere gets right. But sadly, there's too many, even preachers, who has never lived in that atmosphere. You're going to have to have the atmosphere within your soul before you'll ever experience the rapture atmosphere. That's what the Holy Ghost is. It's when that atmosphere there comes down into here, which sets you in heavenly places or your position of sunship. Now, Too many have never lived there. I mean, it's kind of like non. He was a great fellow, but he was a he was a leper. And that's the way it is with a lot of people today. They're they're good people. Even stand in the pulpit. Great men, but you know, they they listen to man's theology instead of of of the Holy Ghost. And they they're still a leper. Yeah. they're still a leper because they have a form of godliness and yet deny the power thereof. Yet they can be influential speakers and and forceful and actually I'm telling you I'll tell them myself right now. I'm not making any secret. I'm quoting and he and he says and and the c and they he said the influential speakers forceful but still never knows what it is to be born again or to believe in the supernatural and cannot understand it because he cannot come in the kingdom of God. And they will explain it away through reasons every time why he's never lived in this atmosphere. But a man ever comes in there, he has to become a son or daughter of God. Then his nature is like God. He believes the supernatural. You might be a great man, even a great message believer and approach the prophet and you know and want and and want a a miracle in your life or want something or or maybe want recognition or whatever. But let me tell you, you're still a leper, still steeped in unbelief, you got to come into the atmosphere because you know non had never lived in that atmosphere. But when he come into atmosphere of obedience and he obeyed what the prophet of God said and went and dipped those seven times, you know, we got about seven church ages worth of unbelief to wash off of us. Amen. What Alexander Campbell said of the days of miracles is pass and mo Baptist theology or formalities or or loosen or this or that. Leave it all behind. Wash it away. Amen. until all the leprosy is gone and you're clean. Yet even now we try to educate people into the message until they have a degree in understanding deep mysteries yet lacking the life of Christ. Yet they claim to be having a word revival. I truly wish it was a word revival because it's truly instead an intellectual revival. And the message, broken sisters, brother Brandham tells us, education can never bring life. And let me just say this, we're not even talking about biology and science and all that stuff. We're talking about educating ourselves into the message. It's not to be an education or an acquired knowledge. is to be a revelation that comes only supernaturally. Without the Holy Ghost, you cannot understand the kingdom of God. You might be able to read it and verbally express it and maybe do a better job than I can and yet not have revelation, but you see, education can never bring life. It takes the spirit of God to to bring life. And that life must not come out of just an intellectual revival. It's got to come out of the Bible. Word revival. And that word is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And when it falls today and quickened, you get the same results that they did in Acts chapter 2. Exactly. It always has. It always will be because the spirit of God that it's the spirit of God that conditions the atmosphere. It takes atmospheres to do things. And he said, "That's the reason you men are taught. Bring your children here." And he says, "Certainly, that's right." Now, he's referring to the youth meetings that were going on at that time in the in the businessmen's convention. He said, "I was glad to see my daughter come in, sit down just a few minutes ago." What was he why was he glad? I want to get her in a atmosphere. I want her to receive the baptism of the spirit and that's why she's here in the meeting. That's the purpose of it. Oh, how often I've taken weapons from message preachers around for having youth camp where the purpose is to get our young people filled with the spirit. You know, I I I am not denying it can happen in a home church, but sadly too often the atmosphere isn't there. It isn't right in order for somebody to be born again. Amen. It takes atmosphere. You see how important it is. We don't have to have youth camp once a year. Amen. We can have the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost every service. It will come with the same kind of expectation. God, we're going to see heaven move. God, we're going to see souls saved, filled with the Holy Ghost. The whims of the Holy Ghost is going to flow through this building, through this place, through the hearts. I'll tell you right now, Baptist atmosphere won't produce a rapture. Isuza atmosphere won't produce a rapture. It didn't. Let me go a little further. Even the charged atmosphere of the healing movement didn't produce a rapture. It came close because it produced supernatural healings. It came close because heaven came close. It opened the portals of heaven and an angel stepped out of the dimensions of eternity into time and charged the atmosphere. From that healing from the body was for the body was manifested. From that healing for the soul came down from that heavenly realm as as the token was poured out. Until today we have the same experience that they had on the day of Pentecost. And from that more angels poured into this dimension. Yeah. Even seven of them. And the seals were open. And we're that we're now preaching from an open book. But God's not through. Come on. Don't put a period on what God's done. That's denominationalism. Every moves ever there's ever been, they denominated when they put a period. I want to tell you to again, God is not through. Amen. In the last day, he pours out his spirit. Not just on a prophet, but on all flesh. Until sons and daughters prophesy. Why? Because they have eaten the book. They are charged with heaven's atmosphere. And I'll tell you, he said to them as he saw them coming, "Watch out, Satan. There's a group rising who believe the word who will take that word and cast you out." People that have taken the book ignant as spoke of in Revelation chapter 10. But once again in the last days, the word again is in a people's mouth. It is a sharp two-edged sword cutting both ways. of people that are so saturated uh and under the influence, so filled with the Holy Ghost, influenced by the mighty angel, that walking, talking word bride, fulfilling all the word concerning the virgin until at last from that heavenly atmosphere, the dead in Christ will step out. And as they do, we will step in and we will be enveloped in a crowd of glory. And we will be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. But it only be those that are born of that heavenly atmosphere. Why? Because they're not born of a creed, but they're born of the Holy Ghost. They know who he is, and they know who they are. Brother Brandon would always and often quote Dr. Bosworth, oh, Daddy Bosworth. He was a faith healer all the way back from the early 20s. And he would tell, "You can take a hen egg, put it under a puppy, and it'll hatch a chicken." Why? It's an egg and got the right atmosphere. And he said, "I don't care if you're Methodist, Baptist, Pres. appearing in the right atmosphere, it'll hatch out a newborn child of God. Claim the word. It's the atmosphere that does it. No matter what denominational tag you have, and I don't care how long you've been in the message. Amen. The only way it won't work if you hadn't been with that mate. Then your egg is unfertile. Amen. But if you take a fertile egg and you get it in the right atmosphere, do you hear me? Even light, Amen. We have a responsibility to let the light shine. Amen. Until the atmosphere gets right. Hallelujah. And we're newborn children of God are birthed into the kingdom of God. And they break out of that shell. There's some of you need to break out of the shell of your complex, the shell of your doubt, the shell of your sins, shell of your unbelief, the shell of some kind of church creed, and break out of it. It ought to be somebody today, and they're going to knock and keep on knocking. They're going to ask and keep on asking. They're going to peck a hole and get a breath of another atmosphere until they break out into that heaven's atmosphere. and they're no longer in the stinky egg of sin anymore. But no wonder the baptism of the Holy Ghost is lacking in so many churches. It is because the atmosphere is not conditioned for it. I'm telling you, we need to work. We need to work on getting the atmosphere condition for a rapture. For all too often the expectation is not there. The faith to pull down the supernatural is not there. Praise and real worship has been substituted for formalism. Instead of the Holy Spirit, anointed sermons have been replaced with lectures and psychology and are the product of intellectual knowledge instead of the Holy Ghost anointing. I'm just going to say, you know, you know, you you may be a great man, you may have great knowledge, may have great skills, you may be an ortor of the best quality. You may have won the debate classes, but unless you're not only filled with the Holy Ghost, but you're called to position and you're anointed with the Holy Ghost, you have no business trying to handle the word. It takes men that are anointed by the Holy Ghost. Not people that have just been trained up and think, well, I'll be a preacher. You can't be a preacher. You'll mess up everything. You'll bring intellectualism into the pullpit and into the church. What we need is heavenborn men, God sent, God called, God ordained, God anointed men who know God. They have met God. They have met the bill of fire. They know they're called. They know they're ordained and step in the pull pit and call heaven down until when heaven comes down, the sick are healed, the souls are saved, people are delivered. You see, if it takes the right atmosphere for people to be filled with the Holy Ghost, it's going to take the right atmosphere for rapture. Do you really think? Come on now. Do you really think the rapture is going to take place in a whole hum lukewarm leodysian spirit? Do you really think it's going to take place? You know, one day, you know, you're just going along complacent, backslid, cold, indifferent, lukewarm, formal, powerless, and all of a sudden, bam. No, that's not the way the rapture is going to happen. We shouldn't be going down. We should be going up. You see this? You see Leodysia is that spirit that made God say in Revelation 3:16, "So because you are lukewarm or neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. You will not represent me or speak for me." Right? And this modern church age, this leodyian age is rich in comfort but bankrupt in power. And we have traded the fire of the original of Pentecost. Oh, I know people don't like that word. I'm going to say it again. You've traded the fire of the original Pentecost for quotes to fight each other and made it into a powerless religion. But the bride of Christ will not go down in spiritual apathy. She will rise in power. She will rise in holiness. She will have the fire of God. Come on. Brother Brandham told us this bride will not be a Leo to see. She will be on fire for God. I want to ask you today, what kind of atmosphere are you producing? Let me bring it down to the individual. I've talked about the church, but I want to bring it down to you. There are people. They're kind. They're moral. They're good people. But they care atmosphere so dry, so empty, it actually suffocates the spirit. Too bad they bring that atmosphere to church and they're not willing to change. You know, it's it's okay, you know, if you're dry and and and empty and and backslid. Come on, church. But don't let that permeate the church. Don't come stuck in the mud. Get ready to be changed. Hallelujah. Amen. You know people who kind moral caring atmosphere that are so dry, so empty till it just suffocates the spirit. It sucks it right out of the room. But the bride of Christ will be made of people who when they walk into the room, the very air shifts as the winds of the Holy Ghost starts moving. And as it does, faith rises and joy awakens and the presence of God dies and draws near. Why? Because they carry the atmosphere of heaven. Jesus said, "Where two or more gather together in my name, there I am in the midst." Hallelujah. When when you really gather in the right atmosphere, it's going to bring him down. Somebody help me preach now. Amen. Boy, aren't you willing to get ready of that old dry and starchy and firm ways that you've been in and a backsliding condition where you're sucking the air out of the room and where instead of doing that you breathe in the winds of heaven and heaven come down into the soul and the glory hallelujah come out of your life. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I feel like preaching now. Amen. Until the heavens come down, until the glory cloud fills the building, until we're transfigured and changed in his presence, and we're not the same anymore. And Leodysia is a far off memory. But where is present is a living God who is the same yesterday, today, and forever. When the presence of the Lord comes down, it bursts the supernatural. Faith begins to rise and chains begin to fall and healings begin to manifest. Why? It's the atmosphere that makes the difference. I'm saying, "Oh church, oh God, oh God, waken your church." Amen. Bring back the oldfashioned soul shaking, devil chasing, prayer meeting and saints of God who know how to call heaven down. Wake us up to a spiritual reality. Wake us up to a heavenly atmosphere that burst sons and daughters into the kingdom of God. The Bible said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." Because when you're truly born again, you see the kingdom in power. Birth requires an atmosphere. Just like a baby needs the warmth of the womb. Revival needs the heat of prayer. We're talking about restoration. Come on. Amen. We're talking about restoration. It needs the heat of prayer. needs the fire of the Holy Ghost. Like I said, too many don't believe in revival, but revival is restoration. And God said, "I will restore." Acts chapter 3 speaks of a time of refreshing. How many is ready for it? Amen. in the times of refreshing that comes from the presence of the Lord when he shall send Jesus Christ whom heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things which God has spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. And I could preach until now till the millennium starting all the way from Eden all the way down and just showing you the mouth of all the holy prophets that spoke of restoration and restitution. That means what that means? What that means is the rapture takes place in the time of refreshing. Put that scripture up. Acts 3:19. Look at this. Repent ye therefore and be converted that your sins may be blotted out. When the Somebody read it with me. Times of what? Refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord. Now to prove they didn't have the presence, they didn't have the refreshing. Come on. Amen. No, they claimed the presence but didn't have the refreshing. Watch now the when the your sins and we got seven church ages of false creeds doments that had to be blotted out. When the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord. Look at the next verse. And he shall send Jesus Christ which was before priest unto you. Next verse. when the which the whom the heavens must receive. Jesus cannot come back until the times of restitution. Amen. Come on. Restitution, which is a refreshing, which is a revival, which is restoration of all things which God has spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets. Since the world began, all the word prophesied of this and here we are. Come on. That means the rapture takes place in the time of refreshing that is a result of the outpouring of his presence and that will bring Jesus. Do you want Jesus to come back? Then if you want Jesus to come back, you're going to have to start creating an atmosphere for him to come in. As Daddy Bosworth said, you put a hen egg in the right atmosphere, even under a dog, it'll hatch. Why? Because it's not the vessel. It's about the atmosphere. It ain't about the vessel. It ain't about evening light. It ain't. You got to come here to get it. All you have to do is wherever your church is, get the atmosphere right. That's all you have to do. Come on. And likewise, when the church carries an atmosphere of Holy Ghost power, people are healed. The lost are saved. The dead in spirit come alive. Not through dead cold creeds and stiff theology, but through the living, moving, breathing presence of God. Amen. For where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. Let me just share with you some thoughts in my own words. And I got this from wisdom versus faith. You can go listen to it yourself. This is a great sermon, but I'm not going to read the quotes. I'm just going to just tell you what he said in my own words. Have you ever been to church where the pastor was stiff and cold and skeptical and the the congregation reflects it? Now, some of them may not be cold or stiff. They might be just skeptical. Well, the congregation reflects it. But you step into a place where the preacher preaches faith, where saints pray and come believing, and where the Holy Spirit is welcome. You'll find an atmosphere where miracles are normal and the supernatural is expected. These signs have followed them to believe. Friends, that's not a dead theology. That's a living promise. When Satan throws his atmosphere of of fear and and sickness and sorrow and depression, that's when we're to rise as kings and priests and cast out every imagination. Amen. With the sword of the spirit and cast down those fears and crush those doubts and destroy those besetting sins, hurl down every lie with the truth of the word. Amen. We can say he was, you said, "Well, brother Tim, I made some transgressions. I made some mistakes." He was wounded for your transgressions. You said, "Well, I even knew better and I did anyway." And he was bruised for your iniquities. Oh, brother Tim, I know I deserve this weapon and that's why I get it. And the chastisement, the weapon for your peace was upon him. And by the stripes that he took, you are delivered. My God ain't out to punish you. My God ain't out to send you to hell. My God isn't out there to destroy you. My God is out there to revive you, to restore you, to bring a refreshing from the presence of God. He's not out there to condemn you of your sins. He's out there to lift you up out of your sin. To give you a victory in your heart, a joy in your soul, a dance in your step. That's what he's for. [Music] Hallelujah. He was wounded for our transgression. I made mistakes and he was wounded for it. I did what was wrong, but he was bruised for it. I should have got a weapon, but he took my weapon and by his stripe I am delivered. Delivered. Healed. Delivered. Somebody shout glory. Hallelujah. Victory is already written in your blood. You don't need to beg for power. You need to use the power that's already given. Hallelujah. He said, "Behold, I give you power to tread over on serpents and scorpions." Don't stop there. And all the power of the enemy. And let me add the final word. And nothing nothing shall by any means harm you. Oh, Brother Tim, we need some members in this church. We need more, you know. We need fresh members. No, we need to revive what we got. We need a Holy Ghost revival in the ones we already have. Oh, Brother Jim, I tell you what, brother Jim, my evening light is on fire. We need a greater fire. I'm blowing on it this morning. The winds of the spirit is moving. Want to blow on it. He wants a bigger fire in your soul. He wants to consume the old self. I hear brother Brandon say it one time. He said, "And one day there'll come another phoenix, the coming of the Lord Jesus." And I thought, "Oh my, wonder what these guys in Phoenix are thinking. One day they're going to come another phoenix. You know, Phoenix so blessed coming another. You know, heaven's going to be just like Phoenix. You know, they didn't say that because maybe they're idiots, because they were ignorant. You know what a phoenix was? A phoenix was a bird in Greek mythology. And the old phoenix was this was he was actually a a supernatural bird, you know, and he would get old and decrepit and get where he couldn't fly and we'd be all beat down and earthbound and he couldn't move, you know, and he's crusted over and his vision is gone and he's dying. Are you with me? Sounds like modern church, don't it? Amen. A phoenix might sound like you. But that's not the end. As that phoenix was coming right down to that final moment, there was a fire that would bust out of his inner being and it would consume the old bird. And out of that fire would fly a brand new bird, healthy, well, healed, delivered. Someday there's coming another phoenix. It's the coming of the Lord Jesus where the fire of God gets so in the hearts of men and women until the Holy Ghost will strike a people until the old bird is burned and they're filled with the fire of the living God. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory. Maybe you feel the penis part. Weary, tired. wore out blinded. Sounds like Samson. But one day he reached back and said, "The power is being restored. I feel it. My covenant with God is coming back. I'm beginning to believe. I'm beginning to believe again. Amen. This high faith is moving in my heart. Take me over there to those two poles. Take me over there where Satan has his kingdom. Let me put my hands on each side. I might have been blinded, my eyes put out and I've been I've been made a slave, whatever. But oh, today let that old Samson die with the Philistines. Amen. But out of it, let it come a mighty triumph where he said, "I will restore," sayaith the Lord. There ought to be a people out today crying like Samson did just once more. Well, Brother Tim, I I just wish that was the message. I just wish that was promised. Well, this prompted brother Brandham to say things like this, and you'll recognize it from from what shall I do with Jesus called Christ? But I'm going to just pay it in my own words. And I want to try to capture the thought and bring it to you. He would talk about its uniting time of God and his bride coming together. And he said, I can say this with with deepest reverence and holy fear before God. I believe the bride of Christ is already called out. I believe she's sealed into the kingdom of God by the Holy Ghost. I believe the mechanics is already in place. Yeah. The word, the faith, the revelation. Now, she's waiting for the dynamics that quickening power that'll lift her off of this earth and the glory and the rapture. I believe it with all my heart. We and I'll just say we we may not know every detail of it or how he will do it but we know one thing. He will do it. Come on. His word won't fall to the ground. The dynamics of this end time church will be a Holy Ghost explosion. Amen. Not just a little blessing. No, a refilling. A fresh baptism of the fire. What we've had so far has been a foretaste. But the headstone that we've been reading about every service, the headstone, Jesus Christ himself is coming down. And when the head and the body are joined together, glory to God, the full power of Pentecost will strike the bride and she'll raise like a heavenly astronaut with resurrection power. Amen. The living and the dead will rise together. The graves will burst open. Maybe not literally pushing over tombstones, but somehow someway those bones will raise because they were once filled with quickening power. Every one of them that had the Holy Ghost that are laying out there in the graveyard, amen, that they were filled with quickening power. And that quickening power, Amen, will find those bones and will hit those bones again. And out of the grave that will come. Do you believe it? Oh, however it happens, the dead in Christ will come forth in glorified bodies, and we which are alive and remain. Amen. We will be changed in a moment, and a twinkling of an eye. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I believe it can happen this morning. Amen. too many out too many times people people have made the church a morg and a graveyard it's time to raise the dead and I'm not talking about saying church dismissed you'll get that tomorrow that's not what I'm talking about sometimes that'll raise the dead by saying church dismissed I ain't talking about that I'm talking about the Holy Ghost coming in with quickening power moving in the lives and hearts of men and women and they're filled with the uncction of the Holy Ghost And the Holy Ghost coming over those bones. Amen. Oh, son of man. Oh, prophet. Can those bones live? Yeah. Can they live? Lord, you know. I don't know. They look too dry. They look too scattered. They look too much problem. Sometimes I even give up on them. But oh, son of man, prophesy. Prophesy to the wind. Prophesy to the Holy Ghost. Say, "Come fill this host. Come fill every man, woman, boy, and girl. Come fill every person in this church until dry bones get up out of that condition and flesh come on them and the spirit of the living God comes in and they become a mighty army against the devil. Hallelujah. What are we to do? Just simply become parts of the machine of his body. the members of his body being formed and shaped in his image, watching him unite himself with us, moving among us with his works and love gifts, pouring out his presence, handing out tokens of affection before that great wedding supper of the lamb. So to quote the prophet, we're watching. We're waiting. And I say we're yearning for that moment. We have been assured by Malachi 4. How many believes in Malachi 4? So let me emphasize it by repeating it. The dynamics of this church will be a mighty refilling of the Holy Ghost. What we've had so far is just a small measure. Just a foretaste while the headstone Christ himself is coming down to perfectly unite with his body. But listen, he is not coming down rejecting. He's coming down with what? Saying grace, grace, favor upon favor, blessing upon blessing, power upon power. Hallelujah. But when that head and body come together, the full power of the Holy Spirit will strike the church like lightning. She'll rise in resurrection power. Not just the living, but even the dead in Christ who've been rested for seven ages shall rise in the beauty of his holiness clothed in immortality to take a glorious flight into the skies. Oh, I need another witness, brother Tim. Israel in the church. I truly believe before the church can have a rapture, it's got to have rapturing faith. We can't even have faith for divine healing, let alone rapturing faith. Like he said, and I've read it before earlier in the sermon, but our traditions, we've taught it away from the people. What we must do is bring that living faith back to the people and bring God back because the sick are going home sick. And it isn't because of God. It's because a lack of the revival. Amen. But we got to have a faith that changed and quickened this body to be taken away. And he says, "I believe," and I'm quoting, "There's a church on its road, a power of a living God that men will speak the word here and there and it'll flash like lightning." And a church is coming out, not a psychologist, not some of this make believe put on, but a real true genuine anointed Holy Ghost called out church. So he tells us the dynamics is the Holy Spirit. And I just want to say he's here. Amen. He's coming for a mighty crescendo. That was him in the divine healing move. That was him opening up seven seals and revealing the mysteries. Every But he's here now and he's coming for a mighty crescendo. He's moving now. He's working now. And even when you don't feel it, he's still working. And even when you don't see it, he's still working. He hasn't stopped working. Amen. He'll never stop working. He's working today. He's moving in a ministry. He's raising faith in your heart because that's God working. Getting people to believe. Because when they believe, nothing can stand before their prayers, not even cancer. Oh my. I just want to say he's preparing a bride right now. There's a people for his name's sake. I'm going to say this. We're not of the falling world. Amen. We are predestinated not to fall. Eve was made where she could fall. But once you're sealed with the Holy Ghost, you are sealed to the day of redemption, meaning you're predestinated not to fall. Amen. That means we as a church are not going to be part of the falling. We are predestinated not to fall. Therefore, we are ascending. We are for ordained to be victorious. We've been given the greatest weapon ever given, the Holy Spirit himself. And it's not a feeling. It's not an emotion. It's not a theology. It's a person. Jesus Christ in spirit form living on the inside of us. All we got to do is climb up the king's highway and ascend and rise into the heights of glories. Raptured up into a glorious atmosphere where all things are possible. Amen. Do you believe it this morning? Let the musicians come. Amen. Let the musicians come. Let's worship the Lord together. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Satan is a bluff. He's a defeated foe. Jesus spoiled principalities and powers made to show them open. And he's not afraid of you. No, not afraid of me. He's not afraid of your name or your title or your position. But he is afraid of the blood of Jesus Christ and the word of your testimony. You may feel weak and unworthy and unqualified, but when you present not your worthiness, but you but not that you're perfect, but when you present the blood of Jesus Christ, that perfect sacrifice, let me tell you, demons tremble. Hell backs off because Satan knows he can't cross the bloodline. Hallelujah. I tell you this morning, he can't cross the bloodline. Present the blood, the token with your prayer. He's got to give way to the name of Jesus Christ. Would there be a people this morning stand on their feet and say to hell, "Hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. Gates of hell, give way. I'm coming through. I'm going to have victory in my life. I'm setting the clothes of unbelief and putting on the clothes of gladness. I'm going to have joy unspeakable and full of glory. Let the world be without revival. I am a restored person. I am a part of the revival in this last day. Glory to God in the highest. Raise your hands to him and give him praise right now. Give him glory. All you people, come on. You ought to know how to praise God. Let the shouts of the king, the glory of God. Let the glory cloud fill this building today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Come on. Don't give up. Don't not just a little bit. You're a high priest now. Offer a sacrifice of praise. Say, "I don't feel like it. Do it anyhow. Break out of your unbelief right now. Move into the heavenly realms. Let the Holy Spirit charge your mortal being. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Glory to his name. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Why don't you say I'm healed? Why don't you declare I'm delivered? Why don't you declare my children are coming home? Why don't you declare, Amen, at least be there and her offspring with her? Why don't you declare, "Oh, the complexes is gone." Amen. The unbelief is leaving. I'm rising higher. Hallelujah. Declare it this morning. Declare it for your life. Declare it for your heart. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Get rid of that unforgiven spirit. Get rid of that unbelief. Quit holding on to the grudge that's hold you down for years and years. Get rid of it. Surrender your life right now. Give it all to Jesus. Hallelujah. Get the monkey off your back this morning. Amen. You've held it too long. Something complex. Want to destroy your marriage, want to destroy your home. God wants you. God wants to heal you. God wants to bring deliverance. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Play softly that soft real softly. Glory to his name. I just want you to worship him just for a moment. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Let the Holy Spirit as it blow straight. Come on. You can't do like this and fly. You can't just hold it in. You have to start spreading those wings. The winds of the spirits, boy, don't resist it. Don't Don't hug up real close and make yourself small and and don't let him move you. Break out. Take those feeble hands that hangs down. Lift him up. Go to praise in the name of the Lord your God. And as the Holy Spirit moves, as the wind blows, jump off of that old low limb you've been on. Amen. Get out of those doldrums you've been in. Amen. Leave that old unbelief and the chattering of that old squirrel behind saying days of miracles are passed, you'll never do it. You can have the Holy Ghost. The promise is unto you. Can you get that revelation this morning? Unto you. Oh, it's also to your children. So, well, I have a really far off, brother Tim. Even to those that are far off. Oh, how long will that last? And as many as the Lord our God shall call. That's how long it lasts. As long as he's still calling, he's poured it out. Amen. Moving to the winds down where my [Music] s down [Music] where I It was [Music] to sacred now singing to you. Come on everybody participate. Everybody worship. That means you have people on the front. Yeah. Come on worship. Hands lifted. Come on. You got to move in the spirit. Can't resist the Holy Ghost. Can't be stiff necked. Can't s up like this. Amen. Reach out. [Music] all the way to the back in the me. Let's get it one accord right now. But suddenly, suddenly, oh yes, when we start praising God like this, Amen. I'm singing [Music] glory. I love his name. Oh glory Lord. It's a good time to just repent and say, "Lord, have I done something? Acted ways I should have, been unforgiven, unrepentant, stiff necked, hard-hearted, I want to apply the [Music] blood, the glory reaching [Music] Can you say this? I'm so wondrously saved. I am so wonderously saved from my Jesus so sweetly abide. Oh, that divine love. Heaven's [Music] atmosphere [Music] where Raise your hands now as you're singing. I'm singing. Just wave it before. Yes. For the glory. I love that day. singing to this wonderful. [Music] reaching. What a fellowship. What a joy on the everlasting. What a blessed. What a peace my lady of the everlasting. And I lean on Jesus on Jesus. That's good from all along. [Music] I lady on the ever. What have I What have I What have I to everlasting [Music] from [Music] all holy name. All the everlasting God leading and secure of all the [Music] loss. Oh [Music] yes. Oh how sweet to walk. Oh, how sweet you are in this filthy way. [Music] Day. Oh, how bright from day to day. Leading on the everlasting aring. [Music] [Music] I'm all [Music] along the air. What have I to fear? What have I tore? What have I toear? Oh yes. [Music] with my Lord. They're leaning on the everlasting God. Leaning [Music] leaning and secure [Music] all leaning on the everlasting are here. Oh, he abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoice night and day as I walk their way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides. Oh, with me I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter. Once my heart was full of sin. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace [Music] within the tree. Then I fell down at his feet. It came to be so sweet. Abid with me. Oh, he abides. Yes, he abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoiceing night and day as I walk away for the [Music] com. My my my what a joy to serve my Jesus. Oh that I could explain the way I feel. Rejoicing and unspeakable joy and full of glory. It's amazing but praise God. Oh my my my my oh my my my my what a joy to serve by Jesus. Oh that I could explain the way I feel rejoicing in unspeakable joy. Oh it's amazing but praise God I know it's real. Oh, when I receive salvation, I feel such jubilation. When Jesus came and he washed my sins away, oh now he gives me strength and power to face my midnight hour with all my heart and soul. I now can say, "Oh my my my what a joy." [Music] Oh, the way I feel. Rejoicing in unspeakable joy. It's amazing. But praise God, I know it's real. Now Jesus is my gives me love and favor. He's my redeemer, master, lord, and king. Now here I'll tell the story and I give him all the glory. He brought me out and he gave me a song to sing. Oh my my my what a [Music] joy. Oh that I could explain the way I [Music] feel. Oh, it's amazing. Oh my my my. Yes. My my my. What a joy. Oh, that I could explain the way I feel. Rejoicing in a speak joy. It's amazing. But praise God, I know it's [Music] real. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many knows it's real? You enjoy the word this morning. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. God is so good to his saints. So thankful for all he's done for us and our our life and how he comes and moves among us, talks to us, speaks to us. We're blessed people. Amen. I just I wanted to make an announcement. We brother Rodney Butts, my uncle Brother Rodney Buts passed away while we was at youth camp. They're having a memorial for him this coming Sunday up in Fort Smith. Then there will be a graveside service here at the White Oak Cemetery, but that won't be till July 12th. There's been a lot of questions about that, so want to make that announcement. Amen. So if you feel to be dismissed, you're welcome to go in the name of the Lord. Amen. God bless you today. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. And oh, I want to see him look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. All the streets
