################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - That They May Know - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on May 14, 2025 - Aaron Oglesby - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   That They May Know - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on May 14, 2025
Speaker: Aaron Oglesby
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVUClDNjhs8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Yeah. [Music] It's in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an army rising up. There's an army rising up. For there's an army riseing up to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's a bride riseing up. There's a bride. She's rising up. There's a bride. She's rising [Applause] up. She'll break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Hallelujah. Amen. Love the Lord tonight. He's a chain breaker. Amen. If you've come and you feel change dragging along behind you, Amen. He'll break all those chains off tonight. Amen. We love you tonight. I just want to find the mind of the Lord. Amen. Follow his guide this evening. Eflat. I will not be denied. When pains of death ceased on my soul, unto the Lord I cried. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, I would not be denied. [Applause] Oh, I would not be denied. [Applause] Till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied as Jacob in the days of old. I wrestled with the Lord and with a courageous. I stood upon his word. Oh, I would not be [Applause] Well, I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. Well, Lord Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord, the work is done and Christ the Lord is here. I was could not be deny. No, I would not be deny Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be Satan. Oh, Satan said my hope was gone. They would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ of the Lord is here. Oh, I would not be. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be. Oh, we got to sing that last verse again. You know, sometimes the devil, he'll talk to you and he'll want to tell you that his voice is stronger than the Lord's voice, but it's not. We're going to tell him tonight we won't be denied. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and could not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord, the work it is done. And Christ the Lord, he is here. Well, I [Applause] [Music] would Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus come and behold. I would not be denied. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, I would not be denied till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I will not compromise. I will not compromise. [Music] I will not compromise till Jesus comes and makes me whole. I will not [Music] comprehive. Hallelujah. Well, it's a high way to heaven. None can walk up there, but the pure heart. It's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the gates highway. Oh, my way is brighter. My Lord gets lighter. I'm walking up the king highway. There's a joy you know with whom I'm going walking up the highway. It's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there. But the pure heart is a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the highway. Well, you don't have to worry. You don't have to hurry. You're walking on the king. I pray for Christ walks inside me. His love to guide me walking up the king [Applause] high for it's a high [Music] to walk away. It's the highway to [Music] heaven. Walking on the king [Applause] high you can't for walk up the king [Music] high and there'll be a blessing. We hope this walking on the king [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] high is the highway to heaven. I'm walking up again. If God is a highway to [Applause] [Music] [Applause] heaven, but if you're in heart, it's a high [Music] to walking up the king. [Applause] Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you Jesus, I'll never [Music] forget. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh, never. Oh, how could I forget what you done for me? How could I forget how you set me free? How could I forget how you brought me out? Jesus, I'll never [Music] [Applause] forget. How could I forget what you've done for me? How could I forget? Has he set you free? How could I forget how you brought me out? Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never [Applause] forget. Oh, I'll never Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. How you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget. [Music] Jesus hold my hand. I need thee every hour for it's through this bar. Protect me by thy power. Lord my humble. Oh Lord, look down on me. And I knew in prayer I know I'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Oh, sing it again. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour. [Music] Glor protect me by thy power. Oh here my people bleed. Oh Lord look down on me as I in prayer. I know you'll meet me there. Blessed Jesus for my Oh Jesus for my name I need every hour through this pilgrim [Applause] land me by thy power Hear my people ble. Oh Lord, look down on me. As I need you in prayer, I know you'll meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh my [Music] name. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you believe if he holds your hand? Amen. and you're just not trying to hold on to his, we'll make it through. Amen. We love the Lord tonight. Ask Brother Joe if you'd come and get ready to bring the prayer request this evening. Let's sing You Deserve the Glory Key of C. He's a miracle worker. When he does miracles, we shouldn't be surprised. When he hands us a blessing, we shouldn't be shocked. We should be with a grateful heart. Thank you, Lord. You do miracles so great. You deserve all the glory. And all the honor. You deserve the glory. Yes, Lord. And all the honor. All the earth. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. As we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You are great. You do males so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory. All the glory. Oh Lord. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name to deserve the glory, the glory, all the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There's no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. As brother Joe comes, we do want to remember the Tagert family. Brother Jason not feeling well this evening. Has feels like he has the flu coming on. Want to remember also brother Kenny Camp suffering terribly. He's got burning in his feet and his legs and really having a tough time sleeping. Just ask that the Lord would give him the rest that the Lord only the Lord can give. Brother Jim Morgan, we want to remember him tonight feeling sick. And um brother Mike Wear's stepmother Suzanne Wear's in the hospital this evening in Homer. So we want to remember her having trouble breathing. Amen. If you have a need on your heart, Brother Joe, if you'd come, appreciate that. [Music] Lord, we just humble ourselves in your presence tonight. Lord, we want to say thank you for allowing us to to come into your courts with thanksgiving. Lord, as we bring our adoration and our praise before you tonight, Lord, we just pray that you'll find it as a a sweet smelling savor. Lord, that you'll just Lord, as the praises go up, the blessings of God will come down and be bestowed upon your people tonight. Father, we're so thankful for this place has been set aside, Lord, dedicated to the service of the Lord. And Father, thank you for the message you've given us in this hour, Lord. where many are groping in darkness. Lord, there's a light just been shining, Lord God. Shining out to the bride, Lord, calling her by name. Come out of her, my people. Be not partakers of our sins. And Lord, we as a people have come out of the denominational systems and come out of the lives of sin, Lord. And we're here tonight to present our tokens to you, Father, to lay it down at your feet, Father. What an honor, what a privilege, what a joy that we have to serve you. And Lord, there's needs in the body tonight, Brother Kenny, and lots of pain. But Lord, you would tell us that every redemptive blessing, Lord, that lays in Jesus Christ is in past tense. It's already done. It's a finished work. You said by your stripes that he's already healed. So, Father, according to that redemptive right that he has in the word of God, we're play praying tonight that the pain and the suffering leave his body, Lord. and that body are coming into obedience to the word, Lord, and a pain to leave them, Lord. Give them a good night's rest. We also pray for the other knees, the Tagger family, Brother Jason and little Hunter, Lord, who's Lord, seems to have been under attack lately. God, may you just move on that family and Zach Tagger that's sick tonight as well. God, just move in a great way, a profound way. Lord, you brought them here, Father. Lord, you've opened their eyes of understanding to this word. And God, the enemies fought it and fought it and fought it. But we're asking God that you will stay the hand of the enemy tonight, Lord. And may healing be their portion. And God, you see this brother Mike Wear's stepmother. Lord, we ask that you'll just go to her tonight in this need as well. Be merciful, Lord, tonight. We know you're a merciful God. Lord, Brother Aaron has set a time the time to study and to pray and to seek the leadership of the Lord. And we're asking, Lord, for a just a great outpouring of your spirit tonight. We believe where two or three will be gathered in your name. Lord, you promised you'd be in our midst. Lord, that's more than just words that we say. It's more than just a cliche that we as message believers, Lord, recite. Father, we believe that tonight with all of our hearts that you're present with us and we invite you now, God, to do what only you can do. Discern the thoughts and intents of the heart. Heal the sick. Save the lost. Lord, restore the backslider in your presence. We pray tonight in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Joe. I bless you this evening. If the brothers have received the offering this evening, we can sing together in the key of G on the battlefield for my Lord. We do want to remember brother Timothy and those that are going up to support the meetings up in Kentucky this weekend. Remember them. Amen. How many will be traveling up there? I know there's a there's a few that are going up. There's a few others that are away, but we want to remember them on the battlefield. Amen. But remember, we're not on vacation. We're on a fight, too. Amen. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. He promised him that I would serve him till I die. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I promise you that I'm serving till I die on the battlefield. Are you serving tonight? Well, I'm on the battle for [Music] my battle for my Lord. I promised him that I would serve him till I die. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I'm on the I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I promised him that I would serve him till I die. Oh, let's sing him one more time. Well, I'm on the battlefield. Oh my Lord. I'm on the battlefield. Oh my Lord. I promised him that I would serve him till I die on the battle. Oh my Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We'll let you have your seats for a minute. Keep seeing. In the morning when I rise. How many love the Psalms? Psalms of David. Amen. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. Sing it again. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, and when I am alone, Lord, when I am alone, when I am alone, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. If I'm afraid, when I am afraid, Lord, when I am afraid, when I am afraid, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. You can have all this world. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. [Music] Psalms 23 on the screen if you could. The Lord is my sheer. Yes, Lord. Thank you for that. Father, he goes before me. Defender behind me. [Music] Defender behind me. I won't [Music] fear. We're filled tonight with your anointing. I'm filled with anointing. [Music] My cups overflowing. My cups overflowing. Oh, there's a promise in your word, Lord. [Music] No weapon can harm me. [Music] I love [Music] the [Music] singlelu alone. He's my comfort. Oh, he's my comfort. Always hold me close. He always guides me. Hallelujah. [Music] through mountains and valley. [Music] How we thank you. His joy is refreshing. Yes, Lord. Restores my soul. [Music] How we thank for your mercy. Mercy and goodness. Give me assurance. Give me your I'll see your glory. I'll see you glory. I'll see you face to face. I'll see him face to face. Sing hallelujah. [Music] I am not alone. You're my [Applause] comfort. Yes, Lord. [Music] He's my comfort and he always holds me. [Music] Oh, [Music] hallelu. I am the Lord. He my comfort holds me close. [Music] Your spirit, your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. It's my victory. My victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your spirit. Your spirit lives within me. My victory. My victory. My victory. My victory. Your spirit lives within me. So I will walk in your peace. Your spirit lives within me. It's my victory. My victory. [Music] Hallelujah. I am not alone. He's my comfort. Oh, he's my comfort and he always holds me close. [Music] Hallelujah. I am not alone. [Music] Hallelujah. Can we thank him for that this evening, Lord? That you promised that you would never leave us or forsake us. Lord, we stand here, Lord, in the midst of Satan's Eden. And we can testify that the word is true. Lord, we are not alone. We are not fighting our battles alone. But you, oh Lord, have gone before us. You, oh Lord, are fighting our battles, and you, oh Lord, are bringing us victory. We praise you for that tonight, Lord. We thank you for that, Lord. Lord, as we turn now and look to your word, I just pray that you would bless the reading of it, Lord. That you would take control of this service, Lord. that all things we say and do would Lord bring glory to you, all things be done and said in the right spirit, Lord. Lord, that that we all would understand, Father, that we just want to lift up the name of Jesus and be more like you each and every day. Grant, Father, I pray that you'll just anoint our lips and anoint our ears, Father, as we give you this service. In Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. God bless you this evening. Amen. And if you have your have your Bibles and you'd like to turn with me to 2 Samuel 9. 2 Samuel 9, we'll read from verse one. Amen. Isn't it good to be a Christian? Amen. It's good to be in the house of God here on this midweek service and come together with believers of like precious faith. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And just kind of a if we gave it a title tonight, we would call this thought that that they may know. And if I just kind of give a little synopsis of where we're going, you know, I just I believe that we are great recipients of of the outpouring of the love of Jesus Christ. And and and and along with the fullness of time and the fullness of the restore word, I believe we live in an age where the fullness of his love has been poured out upon us. And and because of that, I believe that we have a responsibility to show that love to others. We have a responsibility to to project that love out of our lives. So I would speak tonight on that they may know. And it says here in 2 Samuel 9 and1, and David said, is there yet any that is left of the house of Saul that I may show him kindness for Jonathan's sake? And there was of the house of Saul a servant whose name was Zeba. And when they had called him unto David, the king said unto him, "Art thou Zeba?" And he said, "Thy servant is he?" And the king said, "Is there not yet any of the house of Saul, that I may show the kindness of God unto him?" And Zebas said unto the king, Jonathan hath yet a son, which is lame on his feet. And the king said unto him, "Where is he?" And Zeba said unto the king, "Behold, he is in the house of Macker, the son of Amile, and Loar." Then King David sent and fetched him out of the house of Macker, the son of Amile, from Loar. And I also want to read one verse here in 1 John 4:11. And it says, "Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another." Amen. I pray that Lord will bless his word as you have your seats this evening. Amen. It's just it's good to be a Christian, isn't it? Amen. It's good to serve him. I'm thankful for that opportunity. And and I'll even say it's an awesome time as as a Christian to be alive. What a time to be living in. And and it's wonderful to be standing at a time where where prophecy is coming to pass, you know, and and I know all of you are aware in the wonderful job brother Tim did Sunday of of tying up all those those things and those prophecies that we see right before us. And and it's an exciting time where where we see the events around us wrapping up the fullness of time and and we have that a privilege to see those events clearer than anyone because they've been made clear by prophecy to us. Amen. And and I'm thankful that in his love and in his mercy that that God didn't allow things to come upon us in this day unaware, but but he sent a message and he opened our eyes to it. And he allowed us to see things that that ages have longed to see that that prophets and ministers and priests and that have longed to live in this time. And yet you're privileged to live in it. And not only live in it, but be aware of it. The fact that you are living in the last day. Amen. and and and I'm thankful for that. And God does that because God is determined to have a people upon the earth. He He's a determined God. And he was determined to have a people. And and he was determined even from the very beginning that his plan wouldn't fail. And whether you realize it or or not tonight, you are proof that his plan has worked. You are proof that what God has set in order has is coming to pass. And despite Satan's best effort, and despite the attacks down through the ages, and despite the failures of men, there is a people on the face of the earth tonight that are his people. Amen. They've been called for his name's sake. And they've received his life and and they're staying true to the word. Amen. That that's what we're doing. And and and they've been covered in his grace and and they've been wrapped in his kindness and they're recipients of his love. And it's not because we deserved it. It's not because we earned it. We were we were no better than anybody else. But it's because God loved us. Amen. Amen. He loved us. And And I don't want us to ever lose sight of that. He loved you when you were unlovable. And I'll just say it to me so you don't think I'm throwing darts at you. He loved me when I was unlovable. And And he saved us when it wasn't even our will to be saved. It it wasn't man going around looking for a savior, but it was a savior going around looking for his children and and looking to draw all men unto him. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Now, the first thing I'm getting to there is to know this that it's God's grace that any of you are saved today." Amen. It wasn't your will to be saved. Man by nature is a rebellion against God. Man by nature is a rebellion against God. and he rebelled in the Garden of Eden. He's fallen from grace and he's run from God and he hid from God. And it's the nature of man to do that. It was the nature of many of us to do that. I I ran from God and I ran from God even though he called me, even though he drew me. I sat on a message pew and I heard sermon after sermon after sermon. Went through youth camp after youth camp after youth camp. But I was running because there was rebellion in me towards God. There was something in man that thinks I can do this. I can overcome. I can make it on my own. I want to tell you tonight, it's by grace that you're going to make it. It's because God said, "I'm going to save you." And he called you and he chose you. And it was unmmerited favor of God. That was the condition that we were all in. Lost, rebelling, no hope. That's been the condition ever since ever since man fell there there in the garden. And and you you know man messed up the most perfect situation. Man was given a perfect situation. They were in perfect bodies in a perfect garden fellowshipping with a perfect God in perfect harmony. Amen. And they messed that up. Listen, we can't do nothing on our own. If man can mess that up, we'll mess up anything. You know, I've said it before. Anytime that I've tried to do things on my own, I end up a failure. Anytime I think I got something figured out, I don't. But anytime I put my hand in his hand and I let him lead me and I let him guide me and I let him take me through the situation, I haven't failed one time because God cannot fail. Amen. Man messed up this situation in perfect harmony. And in a moment's time, in a moment's time, it was all thrown away. They had never felt fear. They had never felt anxiety. They had never worried. They none of that. And then all of a sudden, can you imagine what it felt like when all that came rushing in? When all that came rushing in at once. And it was all lost. And it was all given over to a lie. All given over to a lie of God's enemy in direct disobedience of God's word. Not a mistake. Listen, the garden wasn't a mistake. It wasn't a oops, you didn't tell me. It was direct rebellion. He said don't and they did. And Eve knew he said don't because she told the serpent God said don't. Listen, I'm going to put it like this. It's actually quite easy to make a rapture. You follow directions. You follow directions. You'd be surprised how many kids when I taught school knew all the answers and would flunk the test because they didn't follow directions. Just read the directions. He gave us a handbook and he said, "Do this and you'll make it. Do this and you'll be there. Do this and you'll receive the Holy Ghost. Just repent. Be baptized. You shall receive the G." Listen, he's given us direct instructions in this day. And just in case we didn't understand it, he sent a message in this day to make it quite clear. just follow the directions. She had directions and she rebelled and and Adam rebelled and this was death. The law demanded it. All was lost and it seemed that Satan had won. Something had to die. So in that moment, God takes a substitute and a lamb is slain and and God takes those bloody sheep skins and his children are wrapped in it just so that they can stand in his presence for a conference. Just so they can stand there so that judgment can be passed and they stand there as rebellious fallen man. Whatever you do, make sure you don't stand before him on that day clothed in your rebellious, fallen nature. You make sure you're wrapped up in the blood of the lamb. You make sure that you got that token on hand. Don't stand there in your body. Don't stand there in the body that you sinned in, lied in, had horrible thoughts in, did bad deeds in. No, sir. I want to stand there clothed in his righteousness. I want to stand there under the blood of Jesus. I want to stand there as a forgiven son of the living God. Accept that tonight and robe yourself in that tonight. Put that cloak on tonight. They stand there wrapped in these lamb skkins and judgment is passed. says, "And then when I see Adam, as it was standing there, and Eve, the beautiful stature of her, and while she's standing there, these old bloody sheep skkins, the blood running down her legs, and Adam and his great fine stature of a man, the blood of these sheepkins running down him, and God standing there pronouncing death, sorrow, heartaches, destruction." Watch, he says. Then I see Eve put her lovely head over on Adam's shoulder. him. Put his arms around her. They start weeping. Turned around, started walking out of his presence. God, depart from him. He sinned. There's your judgment. But in that moment, something happened that Satan could never comprehend and he will never be able to comprehend because it's not in him to do it. In that moment, God loved. In that moment, God loved in their sin. God loved in their failure. God loved and he came down and love project and he said, "Wait, wait. I'm going to come with you. I'm going to send a redeemer to redeem you back and buy you back." Satan said they got to die. And God said, "No, I'll die for them because I love them." Love projected. Hallelujah. Love took over. I'm so thankful that love took over. And in that moment says, "Then I could see all that great spaceless eternity come forming down in a funnel to four little letters, L O V E. He loved his children so much till he couldn't turn them away." Listen, let that sink in tonight. He loves you so much, he won't turn you away. Well, I'm seeking this. I'm seeking the Holy Ghost. I'm seeking forgiveness. I'm seeking He won't turn you away. He loves you so much. He won't turn you away. Then I hear him say, "Stop. I'll put enmity between thy seed and the serpent's seed." Promising a redeemer. God making preparation to redeem. Hallelujah. Even though man rebelled, even though man had become enemies to God, even though from that time on it would be constant sin, constant strife, constant backsliding, enmity against God, doubting God, questioning God, the nature of God in that moment comes visible right from the beginning. Oh, I'm going to love them. Oh, hallelujah. I'm going to love them through it all. I'm going to love them when they fail. I'm going to love them when they stumble. I'm gonna love them when they rebel. And there's nothing that the devil can do that's going to stop me from loving them. Oh, hallelujah. I love them so much that I'm going to leave heaven. I love them so much I'm going to come down and take a beating. I'm going to take stripes. I'm going to be spit on. I'm going to be mocked. I'm going to be crucified. And that's not the end of it. I love them so much. I'm going to go to hell for him. And I'm going to conquer death, hell, and the grave because I love them so much. Hallelujah. I'm going to love them through it all. Oh, think about it tonight. Think about it tonight. Oh, brother Aaron, surely I've spurned his mercy. Surely I've turned him against me. Oh, I've been struggling so long. The devil's against me at all times. My family's falling apart. My attitude isn't right. I got so many trials, so many struggles. Surely he can't still love me. Woo! Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died. Yay, rather that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Oh, hallelujah. Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword? No. As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are count as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, or the trials coming up ahead. Hallelujah. nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. Nothing, nothing, nothing, your failures, your backsliding, your rebellion, nothing. He loves you tonight. Hallelujah. He loves you. Listen, if that don't make you want to serve him, oh, if that don't make you want to give your life to him, if that don't make you just want to surrender everything you got to him tonight, oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. His perfect love for you should create a love so strong for him. Hallelujah. Where you going to find love like that? Where you going to find something like that? You ain't going to find it in the world. No sir. You ain't going to find it nowhere else. This Listen, I wouldn't fight it. I wouldn't doubt it. I wouldn't question it. I just give in to it tonight. I just surrender to it tonight. Lord, you love me so much. I'm just going to surrender to it tonight and let you have control of my life. Hallelujah. It's a love that cannot fail. Hallelujah. His love has been projecting out to man ever since the fall. We saw it in our opening scripture, the spirit of Christ in David. Think about this. He says, "And the king said, is there not yet any of the house of Saul that I may show the kindness of God unto?" Let me put it to you like this. Is there not somebody that's part of my greatest enemy of the one who tried to kill me over and over and over? Is there not somebody from his house that I can show the love of God to that I can forgive? That's that I can bury the hatchet with that I can move on with. Can't you find my worst enemy? Think about it. Brother Brandham many times would give examples down through the Old Testament and say it was the spirit of Christ in those characters doing those things. This was the spirit of Christ in David reaching out to those who had rebelled against, reaching out to those who had fought against, reaching out to those who were enemies of God. It was Christ in Noah. It's Christ in Abraham. Christ in Moses. It was Christ in David. And the thing is, as we kind of slow down here and and settle here for just a minute, I don't believe that it's just something that should be said about Bible characters. It's not Christ in David, the hope of glory. Christ in Moses. And let's just get real. It ain't Christ in Brother Tim or Christ in Brother Aaron or Christ in Brother Brandham or Brother Joe or you name it. It's got to be Christ in you. I will never get you to heaven. The preacher will never get you there. He will never legislate to you an overcoming life. It's got to be Christ in you. And if it's Christ in you, then the nature and the life that he projected out from those characters will also project out of you. Think about his his great attributes of love and and grace will project out of you. The love of God as we've just went through for the first few minutes was projected so mightily to us. The kindness of God was projected to us. The goodness of God was projected to us and if we have received of that then we have a responsibility to project it to others. David was looking for an opportunity to show the love of God. Now I I believe that godly men seek opportunity to do good works. All right. They seek opportunity. This isn't, well, if I get stuck at the same table with that guy and I have no choice, I think I'll speak to him. Or you know how it is. You're coming out the bathroom, you open the door, and he's coming in. I just watched him. I did. And we're just going to be real tonight. That's that's all I know how to be. We have those people that we take opportunity to avoid. And it's not because they're not cool. It's usually because of hurt feelings. hard situations, things that you've never let go or you think they've never let go, or a grudge or a bitterness, and at best they get a godly men seek opportunity to do good works. I guess I'll shake his hand if we pass in the hallway. What we read was an intentional seeking to show kindness to someone that it probably was not easy to show kindness to an intentional seeking. Now listen, this is going to get real simple for a minute, maybe for a few minutes, maybe for the rest of it. But I think sometimes we get so elevated in our knowledge and in our understanding that some of the simple things get lost. The very foundational things that we learned in Sunday school. Listen, when we go from those rooms to these rooms, sometimes we forget that that's where the foundation was laid there and at home with mom and daddy and the Bible stories and do unto others. So simple things are important things because we sometimes put them down, you know, a notch in importance. But the scripture elevates these things into a place of great importance. Love thy neighbor as thyself. Estem others better than yourself. Just for those who don't know what that means, you are to consider that your brother is better than you. do unto others over and over. And I just picked a few of these scriptures because it's taught so often in the Bible. But here's a few. John 15:12. This is my commandment. It doesn't get any stronger. This isn't a suggestion. This is just like in the Garden of Eden. Don't these are the directions. This is my commandment. red letter that ye love one another. Well, there's different levels of love, brother Aaron. I can love people and not like them. That's there's a truth to that. But he takes that away. How do you love them? As I have loved you. That means be willing to die for them. That's going a lot further than just shaking hands when you pass in the hallway. Verse 17, these things I command you that you love one another. First Thessalonians 3:12. And the Lord make you to increase and abound in knowledge of the mysteries and message theology. No, no, no. Increase and abound in love one toward another. This may not seem like that big a deal, but we live in the age of self love. This is the hardest time ever to fulfill these scriptures because everything is selfishness and me and me and I and I and what I'm doing. I don't got time to help. I don't got time for this. I don't have time. Why don't you have time? Because like I've always said, you will make time for the things you think are important. What I found out through the years is that people tend to do what they want to do. They're going to do what they want to do and not do what they don't want to do. They prioritize things and toward well, okay, I can do it for people at Evening Light Tabernacle. Nope. All men. Got me again. Even as we do toward you. Let's go on with another one. You have heard that it hath been said that thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you. Guys, it's okay. It was hard for me, too. I've just already got over it. I've just already accepted it. Pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you. Now, is it really that big a deal? This next verse hit me like a ton of bricks. That ye may be children of your father which is in heaven. If you want to be a child of God, you're going to do these things. It isn't optional. Love your enemy. Do good to them that hate you. Bless them that curse you if you want to be my child. Help me, Lord. And then you find out real quick why people make the simple things a little bit of less important because these are harder things to actually practice. For most of you in here, it's easy to say, "God sent a prophet." That's easy. God sent a prophet. No problem with serpent seed. No problem saying the mysteries are revealed. No problem with baptism. I believe the message. Okay? If you do, then that means you love your enemies. You bless them that curse you. You do good to them that hate you. And you this is the real stuff. I'm proud that you know the doctrines. I'm proud. I'm so thankful for the message of the hour. But after you've ingested all of that, what is it producing in your life? What are you doing with it? Cuz we got to put the rubber on the road. We got to push the gas pedal. We got to go somewhere. Brother Aaron, I believe. Okay. Then love your enemies. I believe the message and I've accepted all the doctrines and I've been born again. Listen, I believe you. I really do. I don't unless somebody's just out being a ranked sinner, I ain't never going to rob their testimony. If you say it, I I believe you. I do. But why are you still so rude to people? Why are you mean as a snake? Why can't you stand correction? Why are you unforgiving to those that have wronged you? Listen, I just want to say it like this. We can't be separated from the world and even from denominations only by our doctrine. Our doctrine ain't walking up and down the streets. You are. Something should live out that shows that you are a recipient of his love. Amen. The way we live, the way we talk to people, the way we treat people should project the love of Jesus Christ onto and all around them. Our actions should show his love. Our attitudes should show his love. I'll just put like this. The lies of those walking in less light should not outshine the lives of those walking in full illumination. Right. Listen, I I I completely understand we're ar we're not saved by works. We we understand that it's not it's not even it's never been our emphasis where where you know it often is the focus of many of of of the denominations. We we believe in an experience that changes a life where the Holy Ghost of God comes in and indwells us. But that doesn't devalue the importance of good works because faith without works is dead. It doesn't devalue that. And I don't even mean feeding the poor, volunteering at the shelter, helping, you know, the widow. And those things are great and those things are wonderful. We should never speak on those things as if they aren't significant. They are significant. But I'm just talking about a life projecting out a life that shows Christ. However that manifest for you it may be helping the widow. For you it may but just a life that shows the love of Christ. What David said is there anyone even from my enemy's house that I can show kindness to? What really separates us? I'm gonna bring it down to home because you know used to we were out 546 White Oak Road I think was the address. Also known as in the middle of nowhere. We're not there anymore. And I know not all of you live in mind, but it's it's very interesting the um the dynamics now of our church in the city of Minden. They know us. They're associated with us. That relationship was established years ago even with brother Joe working at the hospital all those years. Now, Brother Derek and his family serve the town of Menon daily and and brother Jackson, brother Steven and the pool company and and they know our people. They they they've come to know us and and there I'm not worried about our reputation. It's not about that. It's about his reputation. It's about the reputation of this message and how we conduct ourselves. And Minden knows us. And the way you treat people, the way you speak to people, the way you conduct business, the way you treat employees, the way you treat employers, what you do when you think no one is looking, how you interact with employees at Walmart, how you treat your waitress. Those things have a much much larger influence and impact than any doctrine you could ever share with them. It has a much bigger impact than any modest apparel you may wear as you walk down the street. I say this halfway joking and yet I'm not joking at all. So I guess it's like a quarter joking if we're going to split the diction. But I often say I can tell a lot about a person by what they do with their shopping cart. Brother Aaron, that's so I'm just telling you. Get your door dained one time. You'll decize a few people for it, too. I tell you what they do with their shopping cart and how they treat a waitress or waiter. People that are serving you. I I get shocked sometimes sitting around a table with folks wherever I am with believers though in the course of being served how few thank yous I hear or how few hey I really appreciate that hope you're having a nice day is everything going good it shocks me we come in with negative attitude right off the bat I can't believe my waitress has a nose ring and tattoos. Well, I can't believe how rude you are to her. I'm sorry they don't know Jesus. And it's it's really sorry to say that they don't know him anymore after having served you. Because of your attitude towards them, your judgment, I can't even enjoy my food. You ain't licking her nose. Why can't you enjoy your food? But we get this attitude. She's worldly. Okay. So was I. So are you. If not for the grace of God. There you are with the nose ring and earrings and tattoos. I'm not judging them. I'm saying, God, let my life show love and compassion and kindness and goodness. Yes, sir. I didn't get good service. I'm not going to leave a good tip. You know, it was often told that the worse the waitress was, the bigger brother Brandham would tip them because he says they need it. You don't know what she went through today. Just rubber meets the road stuff. How you living? Not what are you professing? Not what doctrines do you know? How you living? I'm not talking about when things go good. What separates that waitress's experience between you and the regular other fella good old boy from Menon when things are at their absolute worst orders messed up food's burnt didn't get a refill the whole time I was there I'm not I'm not believing this is an opportunity this is your opportunity to show that person how Christians act, not how people with temper issues act or attitude issue acts. What is projected to them in their lowest moment on their worst day or should I say on your worst day you've already had a bad day and you walk in and you get a grilled chicken sandwich. Look at me. I don't eat grilled chicken. I ordered a fried chicken sandwich and you brought me unsweet tea and now I'm having to wait for you to fix it. Now I'm late to get to my appointment and now you think I'm You've never had an off day. You've never had a bad day. Because what we have to remember is behind that skin is a human being with a soul and a desire to be loved. How will they know? Who's going to show them? Who's going to demonstrate it? Because the love of God will make you treat people right. Not how you think they deserve to be treated. Right. Right is right no matter what the situation. Well, I'm going to treat them fair. No. Treat them right. What if Well, they don't deserve it. Well, what if you got what you deserved? What if I got what I deserve? What if God had said, "You know what? I'll treat you fairly. I don't want his fairness. I want his grace. I want his mercy. I want his love." Amen. There's a there's a soul there. There's a person there. Brother Brandham talks about the maniac in pla on the platform in Oregon. He says that man when he come to me instead of him spitting in my face, calling me a snake in the grass before nearly 10,000 people, well, it wasn't that. It wasn't the man. He's a man that eats, drinks, sleeps perhaps with a family and loves and and just like I am or you are. See, and you never cast a devil out by the wrong attitude. It takes love to do that. And love is the most powerful force that there is in the world. Now, if you notice, a devil is always hate. Look at this. This This really blew me away. And when people hate someone, remember it's a terrible devil to despise or dislike. You mustn't do that. Learn this. Learn this that as you do to others, you do to Christ. When you be good to somebody else, you're being good to Christ. If you mistreat somebody else, you're mistreating Christ. And I said exactly what he did. Oh my. Oh my. Because listen, we live in a world full of of hate, a world full of division. It's attacking homes. It's attacking families. It's attacking churches. And we're called to stand against it. We're called to be a shining light and called to speak peace, to reject division and divisive speech and and project the love that has been projected to us onto others. Amen. So that they may know the kindness of God. And listen, I don't I can't stop there. We can't just talk about how we treat people out there. We can't just talk about that because a lot of times we'll have a lot of grace for those people out there and none for the people we go to church with. I repented, Brother Joe. I repented. Yeah. I told you in the back office I had to. Oh, good. Yeah. Because I was getting frustrated at a situation. I said, "Man, I'm fing to go out there and preach about having grace for people. I need to have grace for this situation." We have grace for so many people except for our brothers and sisters. We can't allow ourselves to lose brotherly love. Listen, we have a wonderful church. We have a wonderful message community around the world. How the devil would love to get in that and begin to tear this family at this one and this person at that one and get these feelings hurt and let this thing fester and then you got sides and then you got division. What's Hebrews 13:1 tell us? Let brotherly love continue. Such a short and simple verse. And and it's not just talking about the love that we have for mankind. It's not even talking about the love that we have for people you uh your siblings that you share a common parent with. But it's the special and spiritual affection that we should have for the children of God, our brothers and our sisters in Christ. And how we treat one another matters. He says, "That's exactly right. Cuz I realize as I treat the people, I'm treating God. Just my attitude towards you is my attitude towards Christ. And your attitudes towards me is the same thing." That's right. Towards Christ. The way I treat you, that's my attitude towards God. It matters how we treat one another. It matters that we're kind and we're loving. Scripture says, "A new commandment I give unto you, that you love one another as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. By this, by the miracles and and by the depth and by the mysteries, and by this shall all men know that you are my disciples." If you have love one to another, Romans 12:10, "Be kindly, affection one to another with brotherly love, in honor, preferring one another." Ephesians 4:32, "And be ye kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you." I love that it says that, forgiving one another, because it lets you know there are going to be times you get done wrong. It's letting you know there's going to be times that this one's going to cross this one. And it says, "Forgive them the same way that Christ has forgiven you." Why over and over again is the scripture teaching on this? Because it's important. It's not simple. It's important. And because the enemy is going to try to steal it from you. Brother Brandham taught us that the very first thing that the Palmer worm did said he'd come around, take off the fruits. I have two pages of fruits. I just want to read something. That first thing, the first fruit he took off was brotherly love. That's right. That's one of the things that kills the church right there. I say don't let it happen here. Don't let it kill the church here. When division comes up, squash that thing. When a little funny feeling comes up towards somebody, let that thing go. Let forgiveness free. Let it flow out of your life and don't let it come in and kill the church. He says it again. That's where the church is. That's what's the matter. They've lost their brotherly love. They've lost feeling one for another. We need a love for one another. And love will contact when nothing else will do it. You see somebody hurting, you see somebody struggling, you see somebody going through trial after trial, they don't need you to say, "Pull yourself up by the bootstraps. Get over yourself." No. Love will contact when nothing else will do it. I'm here for you, brother. I'm praying for you, sister. Is there anything I can do for you? I just want you to know that I care. Listen, that's what we're talking about. This ain't some kind of of of sermon while I'm telling you now. Make sure that everybody goes to everybody's house and everybody's invited to everybody's birthday. We're not in elementary school. We don't get our feelings hurt anymore by not getting invited to a birthday. Grow up. Sorry. I hope that's not something that happened recently. I'll be feeling real bad. I'm just talking. What I'm saying is this is how we treat one another. how we speak to one another with a kind word, with softness, with care, understanding that our words carry a greater impact than what we may ever understand. Colossians 3:12, put on therefore as the elect of God, that's you, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering, forbearing one another, and forgiving one another. If any man have a quarrel against any, even as Christ forgave you, so also do ye. Listen, by nature, we're all extremely different. And so these things naturally come easier for some than it does others. We know, you know, some people struggle to forgive. It's their battle. Some people let things go and forgive like that. Some struggle to be friendly. For some, it just flows out of them. They love everybody and they're kind to everybody and they're friendly to everybody. For others, it's a work in progress. Well, that's just not my nature. Then make yourself do it. I'll put it in the words of my generation. Fake it till you make it. Well, that's not genuine. Doesn't matter. Brother Brandham actually says to do this. Watch. Even in everything, it will grow on you. Try to be good to one another. Try to shake hands and be friendly and nice. He's making it very clear that this may not be coming natural, but you got to try. Tear down all the walls of partition around you. That's malice, indifferent, ungodly. Tear it down. Keep doing good to one another. Every time you meet one another, make yourself Come on. Be good to one another. And the first thing you know, it'll grow around you. It'll grow around you till a bundle of love will wrap you up. Hallelujah. That's the marking of God. I say I want the marking of God, Lord. If I got to try and try and try again, if I got to make myself time after time, your prophecy said it's going to eventually grow on me and eventually I'll be surrounded with a bundle of love and that is the marking of God. Let Evening Light Tabernacle be marked by God. Let Eden Light Tabernacle be marked with the love of God. Let it project out of our lives, project out of our homes, project out of our church. There is a God. There is forgiveness. There is grace. There is mercy. Not you better. you better. No, I'm saying come and drink of the waters of life freely. There's love here. There's mercy. There's salvation for you here. Hallelujah. Look, we want the miracles. We want our enemies destroyed. We want salvation. We want the moving of the spirit. We want our children restored. And yet, none of that can happen when we're torn apart and bitter. None of that can happen when the atmosphere is all tore up because of grudges and and things like that and holding grudges and speaking division. We want God to feel free to come into our home and into our church. And if he's going to do that, we have to operate the God the way God told us to operate. He says, "Now, if you want God to hear your prayer, send an angel to your home, live right, do right, treat everybody right, be right before God, and God will grant that to you, church. I want God to move tonight. I want him to feel freedom move in my life and my home tonight. So, I want to get everything I can out of the way tonight. I want to give forgiveness tonight. I I want to let go of grudges tonight. I want to let go of complexes tonight. I want to make all wrongs right tonight. I want to let all my bitterness go tonight that God can feel free to come in and answer prayers and restore children and heal bodies and deliver the bound. I want the love of God projecting in this place. Hallelujah. So God can move. So God can answer. No matter what the obstacle is tonight, God, I just want to let it go. I want to let love take over and let it go. I want to let love take over and give that forgiveness. They don't deserve it, brother Aaron. God did it for you when you didn't deserve it. God did it for me when I didn't deserve it. He did it for me when I was his enemy. Let us as his people make it a point to project it to others. It was Christ and David. He says, "Is there anyone I can show the kindness of God to?" And the king said, "Is there not yet any of the house of Saul that I may show the kindness of God unto him?" And Zeas said unto the king, Jonathan hath yet a son which is lame on his feet. And the king said unto him, "Where is he?" Zebas said unto the king, "Behold, he is in the house of Maker, the son of Amile in Loabar." Then King David sent and fetched him out of the house of Macker, the son of Amile from Loabar. Now I want to look for just a second at Jonathan's son that they're referencing. His name is Mphibicheth. I've looked at that all week and I still have to look at it before I say it every time. Mphibicheth. Second Samuel 4:4. This is his story. And Jonathan, Saul's son, had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezrael. In other words, they've been killed. Your daddy's been killed. Your grandpa's been killed. And his nurse took him up and fled. And it came to pass as she made haste to flee that he fell and became lame. We don't know how far he fell, what the situation was, whether it was over a banister, what, but he couldn't walk again. He became lame and his name was Mphibicheth. His nurse ran. Why? She was scared that the Philistines would come to Saul's house and wipe out the rest of his lineage. This was one that was in line for the throne. Mphibicheth. And she got scared and she began to run trying to hide him and and get him to safety. Scared that Mphibbeeth would would be their target as an heir to the throne. And in the chaos that Mphibicheth has nothing to do with, he is hurt. Think about it. Why is he wounded? Why is he crippled? Why is he at this point in hiding? Nobody even know he's he exists until David asked why. You can trace it back to grandpa. Because Saul got lifted up. Because Saul disobeyed God. Because Saul led Israel into a defeat. The Lord had departed from Saul. And the scripture says that the the Lord had become his enemy. And because of his disobedience, the the kingdom was torn from his hands and it was given over to David. And because of his actions, Israel would fall into the hands of the Philistines. This was all Saul's fault. He was in rebellion. He had rulership taken away. He leads his family into death. Look at it. None of this is Mphibicheth's fault. None of it. Sometimes it's true that our hurts are not our fault. Sometimes it's true that it's others that have wounded us. That it's the actions of others that have has hurt us. We we hurt by family. Sometimes we're hurt by church. Church splits and family splits that we have nothing to do with can leave us crippled and marred. our faith torn down. Cycles passed down from grandparents, then down from dad. Choices that mom and dad made when we were nothing but children. Don't ever lose sight of how much your actions affect others, especially those in your home, but others. How much your words affect others. And it may not manifest that day or that week. It may not manifest for years to come. But your attitudes and your words and your actions can haunt your family for generations. But that's not the end of the story. Your attitudes and your words and your actions can also be the source of encouragement and a testimony of how we overcome. That's the flip side of that coin. I say tonight, it's time to break those cycles. It's time to rise above besetting sins. It's time to get up out of your fa failures tonight as a leader of your home and say, "This is not who I am. I am a child of God. I I'm called to overcome. I'm laying down hatred. I'm laying down bitterness. I'm laying down complexes. Listen, some of you don't know what it would do for your home, for your children one time. To see daddy win. To see daddy rise above the thing that he always falls down to. To see daddy not lose his temper in a moment where he normally would. To see daddy take the family to prayer. You don't know what it would do for your home. to see mama rise above those things that has held her down time after time after time and begin to say, "This is how we overcome. This is how we fight our battles. This is how we say I was wrong. This is how we forgive. This is how we move beyond hurts and scars. You can do that for your home." Mphibicheth because of family choices, because of what granddad had did, all was lost. His inheritance was gone. His life was ruined. He lived in obscurity among his mother's people in Gilead on the other side of Jordan, seemingly forgotten. But there had been an oath. Oh, thank you, Jesus. there had been a promise. I'm so glad there was an oath. I'm so glad that there was a promise. Hallelujah. And David in the midst of all that, he remembers the oath. He remembers the promise. If you'll go back to 1st Samuel 20:14, it says, "And thou shalt not only while," this is Jonathan speaking. "While yet I live, show me the kindness of the Lord that I die not, but also that thou shalt not cut off thy kindness from my house forever." No, not when the Lord hath cut off the enemies of David, everyone from the face of the earth. And then it goes on in verse 42 to say, "And Jonathan said to David, go in peace, for as much as we have sworn both of us in the name of the Lord, saying, 'The Lord be between me and thee, and between my seed and thy seed forever." And he arose and departed, and Jonathan went into the city. Think about what this was. It was a vow made before Mphibicheth was ever born. There was a promise given and the promise said that it was not only to you but to your children and to your children's children and to them that are far off. It's not just for you, but this is for your seed also. It's an oath. It's a promise. I'll be there for them. I'll take care of them. I'll fill them with the Holy Ghost. I'll save them. I'll save them when they don't want saving. When they're lost. with her hiding. There was an oath given. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. A promise. Adam may have fell. He may have lost the kingdom. God said, "My creation may be marred, but I'm not going to let it all ruin. I'm not going to let you be lost." Hallelujah. Adam was on a do this, do that covenant. But when God started over, he started with Abraham. And it wasn't you do and I'll do. It was I've already done it. I've already blessed your seed. Your seed shall inherit the gates of the enemy. Your seed shall overcome. Hallelujah. Glory to God. It's a covenant that still stands today. I don't care about what grandpa did. I don't care about your failures. I don't care how long you've been in hiding. He swore an oath. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. You're not forgotten today. You're not forgotten. No matter how long it's been, how far back you've been hiding, how crippled you've been, he said, "I will restore. There will be a body change. There will be a rapture." Oh, hallelujah. The love of God been an oath projected to a people. David remembered and he sent for Mphibicheth. Think about it. What fear it must have put in Mafibasheth at first to see the royal coach, royal chariot ride up. Think about what was going through his head. David's men. David's men. What's going on? My family's enemy to David. My family is rivals to David. Surely I must die. He's standing where Adam stood. Surely I'm going to die. I've become enemy to God. David's men show up. He's thinking, "I'm an enemy to the king." Oh, I love the things you find in scripture that just strike you. Mphibicheth never went looking for the king. The king said, "Isn't there some seed out there somewhere? Isn't there somebody somewhere out there that I can show my grace to and my mercy to? I'm going to shed my blood for them. I'm going to chase after them. I'm going to find them. No matter what condition they're in, no matter how scarred up, no matter how hurt, no matter how torn down. The king came looking for you. Oh, because he swore an oath to you. The king came looking. We were in the same spot as Mphibicheth. We were marred. We were born in sin. No victory. We were in hiding. Doesn't anyone care? Is there any hope for man? Our dominion was gone because our parents, Adam and Eve, had disobeyed and had sold us into sin. But then the king came looking for us. Hallelujah. There was an oath to be kept. There was a redeemer promised. Even though we was enemies to God. What's the scripture say? But God commanded his love towards us. In that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Much more than being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him. For if when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his son, much more being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life, and not only so, but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement. That's the condition we were in. We were yet enemies when the king came looking. He says, "Our kind, loving heavenly father, we approach thee tonight in the lovely name of thy son Jesus Christ. We love him because he first loved us and gave his life for us. And we who were once alienated from God, cut off without mercy, without hope in the world, sinners by nature, dying in disgrace, going to a devil's hell, endless eternity. While we were in this condition, enemies of God. God sent his own son. And now we are sons and daughters of God by his grace. Amen. And Mphibicheth must have thought, "Surely I'm going to die." And they bring him into David's presence. And David said unto him, "Fear not." What lovely words. Fear not, for I will surely show thee kindness for Jonathan thy father's sake. And I will restore thee all the land of Saul thy father. and thou shalt eat bread at my table continually. And he bowed himself and said, What is thy servant that thou shouldest look upon such a dead dog as I am? Then the king called to Zeba, Saul's servant, said unto him, I have given unto thy master son all that pertain to Saul and to all his house. Thou therefore, and thy sons, and thy servant shalt till the land for him, and thou shalt bring in the fruits that thy master son may have food to eat. But Mphibicheth, thy master's son, shall eat bread always at my table. Now Zeba had 15 sons and 20 servants. Then said Zeba unto the king, according to all thy lord, the king hath commanded his servant, so shall thy servant do. As for Mphibicheth, said the king, he shall eat at my table as one of the king's sons. And Mphibicheth had a young son whose name was Micah. And all that dwelt in the house of Zeba were servants unto Mphibicheth. So Mphibicheth dwelt in Jerusalem, for he did eat continually at the king's table and was lame on both of his feet. Look at this. He didn't bring Mphibicheth in and begin to attack him. He didn't say, "Why you've been hiding all these years? Look at you all scarred up. You're unworthy. Look at his feet. Look at his failures." Oh, but Mphibicheth was carried to the king's table. He was carried to the table and he was given a place. Listen, the king didn't come looking to punish you. He's not calling you tonight to punish you. He's calling you tonight to restore you. He's calling you tonight to give back everything that your granddaddy lost. Everything that Adam lost in the fall. He said, "I'm going to Calvary so I can give it back to you tonight. It's yours." Once again, think about it. This was his kingdom. This was his kingdom. And he said, "I'm going to give you everything you would have inherited had Saul not fallen." He says, "Had Adam not fallen, you would have had this. So, I'm going to go to Calvary and I'm going to restore to you." Listen, you don't got to eat crumbs in the street. You don't got to beg. You don't got to borrow. He said, "I'm carrying you to the king's table where you can eat the good things of God." How much? Continually, day after day after day, you've been given a spot at the king's table. Hallelujah. You have dominion now. You have victory now. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, Lord Jesus. Man was convicted of rebellion against God. And like Saul's house was under a sentence of rejection. We were brought low, impoverished, lame, and crippled. And the king came looking. He came and carry you to the table. Hallelujah. So you can have a feast every day in his presence. And once again in this day, in the day that we're living in, the church had become marred and scarred and hardly recognizable. So far fallen from that original that had feasted on the fresh mana there at Pentecost, eating crumbs and barely getting by. The church had been stripped down through the ages of its love, of its joy, of its truth. And he came again in this day and he said, "Is there any of Adam's race? Is there any that I might show the kindness of God to? Is there any that I can show his love to? I made a covenant. I made a promise of restoration and I have not forgotten. But I have come down. I'm going to send a message that they might know the love of God. Church, he came looking for us. He sent a message to find us. He brought us into his presence to restore us. What is this message? It's his goodness. It's his mercy. It's his love projected to us in this day. Oh, hallelujah. Is there any of Adam's race? Is there any Abraham's seed that says, "Lord, I want to come to your table tonight. I want to come to your table." And he sends a message in this day. And that message isn't isn't to condemn us. He didn't come looking to judge you. But it was a message that picked you up. And it's going to carry you to the table that's a thousand miles long. And you're going to be able to eat at that table for the rest of your life at the king's table in eternity forever and ever and ever. Why? Because he said, "I love them. I'm going to love them through it all. I'm going to love them through their rebellion. I'm going to send a message to turn their hearts once more to the faith of the fathers. And he came seeking why? That they may know the love of God. Will you stand to your feet with me this evening? Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Church, we've been carried to the table and placed not as beggars. Not as beggars, he said, but as a child of the king. Everything that Adam lost in his rebellion, God said, I'm giving it back to you. I'm restoring it all. Hallelujah. We didn't deserve it. We couldn't earn it. Nothing we could do. But he said, "Is there seed of Adam that I can show my love to?" Oh, I love seeing that projected through David's life. Him going after his greatest enemy and giving him all that back. Even though Saul, it said, was an enemy to God, the Bible comes right over in the New Testament says you were enemies to God. And yet, while in that condition, lost without hope, nowhere to turn, nowhere to go, defeated, hiding in some backwoods land, crippled, beat up. If you put that back up for me, I just love this picture. They carry him into David's home and he can't walk. So, David gets down to where he is. What is this? This isn't just you're an enemy that I forgive. This isn't just I'm doing this to make my name look better. This is him embracing him as a son. This is royalty stooping down to where Mphibicheth was. That was me. I couldn't get no higher than that. I couldn't go no further than that. I'd crippled my own life. I'd done so many awful things. I'd ruined myself. I'd given it all away. I'd become enemies with God. He said, "That's okay. I'll come to you. I'll come to you and embrace you there. And from there, I'll pick you up. I'll pick you up out of the monk. I'll pick you up out of the mire. I'll take you from that diet of the pig pin you've been eating and I'll bring you to the king's table. I'll bring you to victory." That's true love right there. That's true love right there. Humbling yourself to show others the love of God. Church, let that love project out of our life. We love you with the love of the Lord. May God bless you tonight as we worship together. Forsen. I was shattered by the fall. Broken and forgotten. Feeling lost and all alone. Summoned by the king into the master's court. Lifted by the Savior and cradled in his arms. Thank you, Lord. I was carry to the table. Seated where I don't belong. I was carried to the table. swept away by his love. And I don't see my brokenness anymore. When I'm seated at the table of the Lord, I was carried to the [Music] table. The table of the Lord. Fighting thoughts of fear and wondering why he called my name. Am I good enough to share this cup? This world has left me lame. Even in my weakness, the Savior called my name. In his holy presence, I'm healed and unashamed. As I'm carried to the table, seated where I don't belong. I was carried to the table, swept away by his love. And I don't see my brokenness anymore when I'm seated at the table of the Lord. I am caring to the table. the table of the [Music] Lord. Fighting thoughts of fear and wondering why he called my name. Am I good enough to share this cup? This world has left me lame. And even in my weakness, the Savior called my name. And in his holy presence, I'm healed and unashamed as I'm carried to the table. Sitting where I don't belong. I was carried to the table. swept away by his love. And I don't see my brokenness anymore. When I'm seated at the table of the Lord, I was carried to the table, the table of the Lord. I was carried to the table. table of the [Music] Lord. Almighty God, the great I am. When God ran immovable rock, omnipotent, powerful, awesome Lord, victorious warrior, commanding king of kings and mighty conqueror. And the only [Music] time, yes, the only time I ever saw him run was when he ran to me. He took me in his arms, held my head to his chest, and said, "My son, come home again." Lifted my face. Wipe the tears from my eyes with his voice. He says, "Son, do you know I still love you? [Music] Oh, he caught me by surprise. When God the day I left home, I knew I broke his heart. And I wonder then if things could ever be the same. Then one night I remember his love for me. And down the dusty road the head I could see. It was the only time. It was the only time I ever saw [Music] him was when he me. He took me in his arms, held my head to his chest, and set my son home again. Lifting my face, wip the tears from my eyes with his voice. Jesus, son. Do you know I still love you? He caught me by surprise and he brought me to my knees. When God raised, I saw him run to me. He took me in his arms, held my head to his chest, and said my son's come home again. Lifted my face. Wipe the tears from my eyes. This is I feel his love. He sent to me. He took me in his arms, held my head to his chest, and said, "My son's come home again." Lifting my face, wipe the tears from my eyes. In his voice, he said, "Son, do you know I still love you? [Music] And he caught me by [Music] surprise when God [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. I will sing good. Sing that again. I love you Lord. I love you, Lord, [Music] for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my [Music] head, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. Oh my, you have been faithful. All my life you have been [Music] so every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest night. You are most like the other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have lived in the goodness of God. [Music] All my life you have been faithful. All my life all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I'll sing of your goodness. Oh God, your goodness. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you [Applause] everything. Your goodness is running after running after. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your mercy. Your goodness is coming down. Me laid down. Surrender now. Give you everything. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness, your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running after, running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. give you [Music] everything. Your goodness is running after running after me. All my life you have been faith. Hallelujah. All my life you have been so With every breath, breath I sing, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life, all my life, you have been. Oh, oh my life. You have been so so good. With every breath that I am, I will sing of my goodness. [Music] God of the goodness of God speakus. [Music] The love of God is greater than some more pain can ever tell. It goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the Lord's way. The guilty pay bow down with care. God gives to him his very child. He reconciled and poured from his sin. Oh [Music] God, how rich and [Music] good, how is and it shall forever glory saints and name. Could we withk we with The ocean feel and were the sky a horseman. [Music] for every [Music] song on earth's will and every [Music] stri of God above would train thee Oh sh nor could the stor contain the stretch from sky to sky. [Music] How rich and pure, how [Music] measureless and strong. It shall forever endure. the [Music] saint. Hallelujah. Amen. Big day tomorrow. It's not just how we talk, it's how we walk. Big shoes to fill. But if we let him live out, we'll do the right thing. Amen. Cuz it'll be him doing it, not us. Amen. Big orders from Brother Aaron. Big orders from up above. I got a lot of work to do. I don't know how I don't know how full your schedule just got. Mine got pretty full. Got to be honest. I got neighbors. Do they know more of Jesus because they ran into me? It's a big question. Amen. We love you. We'll see you Sunday, Lord willing. If we don't see you before then, God bless you tonight. Have a wonderful week. Amen. All I want to see is Jesus consuming fire keys. If you could just sing this as we go this evening. Amen. God bless you tonight. [Music] Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds. Every prayer prayed on my knees will lay before the holy sooing fire. All I want to sing is Jesus. God bless you tonight. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus [Music] shineing through me. hard and selfinflicted pain. Everything that I thought came before the holy soothing fire. Words of knowledge in his name. Healing hands that touch the lame. Lay before the
