################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - For Healings’ Sake - Bro. Jeremy Shreiner on July 9, 2025 - Jeremy Shreiner.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-09
Title:    For Healings’ Sake - Bro. Jeremy Shreiner on July 9, 2025
Speaker:  Jeremy Shreiner
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJdPPSuQw5Q
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Uh, want to remember brother Tim Wyinners. He's sick at home. Sister Debbie Parish. Also, other others in the parish family are sick. Needs a touch from the Lord. Sister Kathy Morgan come home sick from Ohio. Needs a touch from the Lord. Sister Jeannie Camp had to had a reaction to her chemo treatment today. Just needs the Lord to move on her behalf. Also, um, brother Matt Dexter will be having eye surgery in the morning. Want to remember him in prayer. Brother Jonathan Middleton's asking for prayer tonight for his back. Also, we have brother Joshua and Sister Alexuit. Had a new baby girl this morning, but she was um about six weeks early is in the NICU, but seemed like all is doing going well. but just asking for prayer for her and the mother and the baby. So quite a few needs this evening, but we serve a great God for our needs. And so we're just going to go to him in prayer. Let's just pray together. Father, we just come to you tonight, Lord, and bringing these needs before your throne of grace, Lord, and just asking, God, that you would have mercy in their time of need, Lord. We have little Hunter, Lord, been suffering with these seizures, needs a touch, Lord. Sister Vicki and brother Jonathan with her back. Sister Gabriel Puit, Lord, God's recovering from a surgery. Brother Tim Winter's homesick, the Paris family. Lord, our sister Jeannie Camp, Lord, having a reaction this chemo. God, we just ask, Lord, you'll be merciful, Lord, for these situations. Sister Kathy that's trying to recover from sickness. Lord, we just ask, Lord, you go to where they're at tonight, Lord, and reach down and touch their bodies, Lord, and bring healing and deliverance. We pray, Lord God, we know you're that kind of God. Hospital walls, doesn't matter. No matter where they're at, Father, you can reach down and touch them. We just ask, Lord, you'll minister to each need, Lord, and give strength and healing to their bodies. We ask Lord for this service that you would just come by our way and speak to our hearts Lord and touch us by your grace. Lord your mercy be extended to us through the word of God Lord. Lord just move in every heart and every life father there be anything in our lives Lord that need to be made right God. May you just come as the potter over the clay Lord and just mend those broken places. We pray meet each part and each need we pray. Bless the offering tonight. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Turn around. Shake one's hand. Welcome each other to the house of the Lord. Ask the brothers if they would take of the offering. Amen. Well, welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. [Music] Fill us with your power and live inside of me. [Music] Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. [Music] Fill us with your power and live inside of me. You're the living water. You're the living water. Oh, that never drying fountain. Offer to counelor. [Music] Take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. For we are in your presence. [Music] Fill us with your power. And in time, you're the living water. You're the living water. Oh, the living fountain. I was in your house. Oh, take me home. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, Jesus. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of you. We lift our hands to worship. Oh, we lift our hands to worship you. Oh, holy spirit, holy one. Oh, come into the stone and holy in your arms. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh, welcome with the Holy Spirit. Oh, we are. [Music] Oh, fill us with your power. and live. You're the never drying fountain. Never cry. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, that never dry. I comfort her and counsel. Oh yes. Take complete control. Yes. Oh well, Holy Spirit. Oh, fill us with your power word and live inside of me. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. I'm not hearing it. Amen. Turn around and shake one hand again. Get that music in my ear. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus sent me. I'm so glad Jesus sent me. Oh, I'm so glad. Jesus set me free. Sing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad. Jesus said, I'm so glad. Oh, I'm so glad. Jesus said, we free singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Satan had Satan had what Jesus said. Satan had that Jesus set free. Oh, Satan had found. [Music] Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. I'm on my way. On my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Well, it's the Holy Ghost on fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. is the Holy Ghost and it's keeping me alive. Jesus, it's down in my heart. It's down and it's keeping me alive. Oh, it's keeping my ears down in my heart. Oh Jesus, it's keeping me. It's all over me. It's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It is all over me. It's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Well, it's Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. It's Jesus on the faith line. Tell him what you know. It's Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you know. It's Jesus on the main line. Now call him up. Oh, call up. Call up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. It's Jesus on the way down. Oh, if you need healing, tell him what you want. Oh, if you need healing, tell him what you want. Oh, if you need tell him what you want. It's Jesus on the main line. Oh, call him up. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. It's Jesus on the main line now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. I'm glad he's he answers when I call. Amen. He may not always tell me what I want to hear, but he answers when I call. What he says, Amen. is what we need. And I believe we got Amen. that tonight as we have brother Jeremy Shriner that's with us and sister Hannah believe brother Eli's come in too glad to have them with us amen this week and so I've asked him to minister tonight but amen not just in word but in song too amen because I believe he has a great gift in his life of ministry amen and ministering the word of course but also singing so we're going to give him a little time to do that amen let's just sing that song I feel like praising praising him as then brother Jeremy comes. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praising the Lord. Praise him all day long. I praise him. Praising him. Oh, I feel like praise. I feel like praising. Oh, praising him. I feel like praise. Praise him. Oh, praise him morning. Praise him all day long. How we th great. Let's all praise the Lord. Oh, let's all praise the Lord while we have sing. Hallelujah. Let's all praise the Lord. Oh, while we have Oh, praise him. [Applause] Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising. I feel like praising. [Music] I praise him. Praise him. Oh, I praise him. Hallelujah. Praise him all day long. Feel my praising. Praising him. Hallelujah. You feel like praising him even on a Wednesday night. That's good. That's good. Do you feel like that? You can have your seats. I don't know for how long because if you if you sit too long, then I'll have to have you stand up again. You get too comfortable. Amen. Sister, you're going to have to help me out tonight because every song that's on my heart, I don't play the piano. And I normally have my wife do it. But uh she uh got attacked with a meniscus tear today. And uh but we're still here worshiping the Lord. Amen. So, we're going to give the devil a black eye anyways. And he's probably tired of me singing this song because it's it was a a kind of a staple at camp. And uh I just can't get away from it. I think it's the key of D, right? It is. She even knows what it is. So, and so I'm pretty sure this church knows it. So, more than likely, if you do know it, you will be joining in with me anyways. But this is my testimony tonight. So, I'm just going to sing the word and I'm going to mean it from my heart. Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on here are radons. Oh, they'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. This poor man cried. Are you glad he heard you? And the Lord heard me and save me from my eneies. The son of God. I believe he's here tonight. Surround his saint. So I know it. He will deliver them. Oh, he will deliver thee. Who's going to join in now? Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. ever. Oh, taste and see. Hallelujah. That the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who has to. Oh, fear the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, all ye saints. Here it is now. He'll give you everything. Oh, he'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Here it is. Let us bless the Lord. [Music] Every day and night, neverending praise. May and I always have to do this. Sisters, it's your time. Let us put your voice now. All right, let's take it up now, brothers. Oh, let us bless the Lord every day night. Neverending praise. One more time. All together now. Oh, let us bless the Lord. Let us bless the Lord. Every day night, never ending praise. May our riches arise and magnify for magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. [Applause] The Lord with me. Oh come on his will forever. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh my go together. [Music] I glory. [Music] Oh come on his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. Oh, he'll give you everything. Aren't you glad that he will? Aren't you glad that he's opened his word to you tonight? Amen. Aren't you glad you've come together in the presence of the Lord? No matter what's going on, he's here tonight. You love him tonight. Amen. I just got to say this. Don't just look at me. Look at him. Look at all that he's done. Even on a Wednesday night, he is here and he's got something for me and you. That's why I love it. Says, "Come together. Come together." Listen, I get it. Sometimes we've got to be at home or sick or whatever it is. But aren't you glad when you can break through all of that and can come together with brothers and sisters of like precious faith and just give that old devil a black eye and say, "You know what, Satan? You don't have me tonight. You don't have me tomorrow. I'm not worried about my yesterdays. He's got you today. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Just give him one more time. Come exalt. Come ex [Music] with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. Oh come ex together. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord for your presence tonight. Come exalt his name forever. Let's end it here now. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He's done it. He'll give you everything. Oh, he'll give you everything. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap. Lord, we love you. We thank you. Amen. Oh my. Don't you just love him tonight? Amen. Can we just do one more? Is that all right? Give me a key of Jesus is slow one, but I love this song. I worship you, Almighty God. [Music] There is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. That is what I long to do. Oh, I give you praise. for you are my rightousness. [Music] Oh, I worship you. Oh my. Or is he almighty in your life? There is none like you. There is none like you. There's none like you, Lord. Sing it now. There is none like you. No one else can do it now. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search. I could search for all eternity long and find. Oh, there is none like you. There is none like you, Lord. There is none like you. Oh, thank you, Jesus. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long. In fact, there is none right. Oh, from the top. I worship you one last time. I worship you, Almighty God. Let him be that in your life now. Oh, there is none like you. I worship you, oh prince of peace. Do you long to do that? That is what I long to do. Oh, I give you praise for you are my rightousness. [Music] Oh, I worship you, oh mighty God. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, there is none like you. Oh, there is none like you. No one else. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. I could search or say a part now. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Hallelujah. Lord, we love you tonight. There is none like you, God. Just to be in your presence once again, Lord, and to know that you're working even now, Lord. Even before the service, you're working. Lord, forgive us for our shortcomings. Lord, forgive us for our weaknesses of ourselves, Lord. We just want to come into your presence. We want to sit at your feet. We want to hear from you. Not a man, not a thought, not an ideology, Lord, but what do you have to say to your people tonight, Lord? I pray that our hearts are open. My heart is open to you, Father. That you would help me to speak the words, Lord Jesus, that you once said. Nothing that I want, Lord. What do you want for your people? Thank you for this church, Father, for their stance upon the word, for the ministry here, the musicians. Lord, every effort, everything that is being done, Lord, we thank you for them, Lord. We pray, God, we just surrender our thoughts now to you as we change the order of this service. Father, we love you and praise you. And the church says, "Amen. Hallelujah." Do you really love him tonight? I believe that you do. There's none like him. Thank you. Did marvelous. Appreciate you very much. Amen. Uh as while we're standing, we just have one scripture, but if you wouldn't mind just turning to First John chapter 3. It's good to be back here again. It's been too long and uh we just uh my goodness, people have gotten married, more kids. I mean, they're just y'all are just awesome growing and just wonderful to see your faces and some that we've seen for a long time, some new ones. But we appreciate the opportunity to be here, brother Tim, and to be with you, and we appreciate the invitation. 1 John 3 22 reads like this. It says, "And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him because we keep his commandments and do those things that are pleasing in his sight." God bless you. You can have your seats. And I know that I'm speaking to a perfect people. All right? I know that. I know that. But if you would bear with my folly tonight, and you may not be going through what the Lord's laid upon my heart tonight, you may not be battling it, but maybe something could be said tonight that would encourage you for if you ever face some of the things that we're going to deal with. So, I like to sometimes preface the sermon with that because a lot of times I've even done it myself where I'd be like, I'd shut off in the first five minutes because it has no relevance to my life. Listen, every time the minister gets up here, it's relevant to your life. It doesn't matter what it is, it's relevant to your life. So, I say, Lord, I I just want to hear from you. Amen. And I know that you're well taught, you're well verssed in the message, and you've got a wonderful ministry. So, just bear with us tonight as we we try to uh do what the Lord has laid upon our heart. We're going to take a thought entitled for healing's sake. And I know that's a play of words uh in a sense. You know, we've heard the statement for heaven's sake. And as I was dealing with this, the Lord just laid this upon my heart today, for healing's sake. Now, we know that healing comes in many different forms. Correct? You can have healing through music. You can have healing through the word as it's being ministered or whatever it is. Listen, as simple as a sunrise in the morning can heal your spirit. There's just something about How many How many knows what I'm talking about? A sunset at night, whatever it is. That's why we want to make sure that that we don't miss out on the small things that God has blessed us with. So, healing comes in different forms. Healing can involve also physical, mental healing, emotional, social healing, and and spiritual aspects of human experiences. And it is the aspect of mending. You have to allow God to mend your life. Now, we know that he is the healer. How many can say amen to that? And he is still in the healing business. And I and I want to deal with tonight. I know that we can talk about the physical the you know the fleshly healing of body. But we understand and I'll say this again a little bit later that this thing is cankering. It's dying and we're longing for a new body. Right? So, we know that God can heal this. But I believe a lot of times what we deal with is that spiritual or that uh uh mental healing that we need in our lives. Now I'm going to go to what brother Brandham says here. He says in spiritual food and due season. He says there's there's no strangers among us I suppose. But we all understand what healing is. You've already said that and it's nothing that somebody does for you, right? It's what God has already done for you. So salvation is on the same line, right? So the only thing is to get the people to believe that's the truth. And God teaches it in his word and then proves it to them who will believe it. For he said all things are possible to them that believe. Right? We still sing the song only believe. All things are possible. Right? Because you and I have tasted of the impossible becoming possible. Right? So you say there's nothing impossible with God. You believe that? says that's nothing impossible. So if there's nothing impossible with God, there's nothing impossible with you either. For all things are possible to them. See, God is one person to them that believe. See, so there's nothing impossible with you for you if you can only believe. Now, as we're reminded in the Psalm of the benefits of the believer, how many loves the benefits of a believer? There's no disease that is left out of his sight. We'll find that in Psalms 103:1-3. And it reads like this. It says, "A Psalm of David. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name." How many loves that song? Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Why? For he hath done great things. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and forget not all his benefits. Who forgiveth all thine iniquities. Who health health all thy diseases. So the word of God gives us an example here that there is nothing that is hid from the healing presence of God. There is nothing that can be hid from his healing power. So as we're reminded of this that there is no disease left out of sight. We all believe those things. But here is the thing that God began to deal with me and has been for quite some time. Could there be something clogging lines of healing? Now I don't want to just again speak of physical but what we need most of these days is that spiritual and mental healings you see because it's the spiritual things and it's the mental aspect that a lot of times keeps us from going further. I I really want to take my time on this. See God desires wholeness of body for his people. Spirit body spirit and soul. How many believe that he desires wholeness? Body spirit and soul. He doesn't desire for you to have anything wrong, but we're going to go through things. Yet, many believers struggle to experience the fullness of his healing power. While we often focus on increasing our faith, we must also examine what must be hindering our healing. See, just as physical blockages can impede blood flow, spiritual and emotional blockages can impede the flow of God's healing power in our lives. See, you could even be here tonight and you could lift your hands and you can praise God, but there could be a blockage in our spiritual life. There could be a mental block somewhere that's keeping us from moving forward in the presence of God. I've done that before when I've when I've prayed for someone and they've come. It it's it's as simple as the rich young ruler knew where to go. He knew who to go to. He knew the right things to say. But there was one thing yet one thing thou lackest, right? There was one thing in his life that held him that held him from continuing on. Though you could call him a church member, you could call him a believer if you would because I mean Jesus said, "Have you done these things?" You know, the the commandments and all it says and he says, "I've done this from my youth." Right? And you notice Jesus never denied that. He never said, "Well, let's talk about that." You know, maybe this. No, he immediately went to the source. Yet, one thing you lack. And a lot of times us as believers, we get a really really spiritual and and and we get filled with with the books and we get filled with religion and and and then we forget that there is something inside of our life that is holding us back from actually breaking free and worshiping like we could worship and actually going to the house of God like we can go to the house of God. Not just yet you're here. Do something for me, preacher. Do something for me because I'm here. I mean that's what I pay you for anyways. I mean, that's not what it should be about. Anyways, I hope none of you ever said that. But, uh, it is quite possible that we thought it at some point in time. I paid you to do it. I mean, I don't have to do these things. No, God has called us all to be studiers of this message, studies of the word of God, and that our minds and our spiritual life is open for healing. So, our starting verse reveals a profound truth here. It says, "Our prayers are answered when we maintain a lifestyle of obedience." Now, we might not want to hear that. We think that I'm the bride of Jesus Christ and everything just should come and flow. It's like a silver spoon. That's not the way it is. God requires your obedience. Obedience is better than sacrifice. So, I'm glad that we go to church, but if we don't have a lifestyle of obedience, we're clogging up our spiritual lines. We might be religious. We might know God sent a prophet. We might even we might even be able to sit and have a good quote conversation. But where is the lifestyle? Where is the relationship? Where is the love that we should have with our brothers and sisters in the house of God? Again, it's reminding us and I'm going to read that again. And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him because this is the word, is it not? Because we keep his commandments and do those things that are pleasing in his sight. Now, I want to stop here and say this is not about earning God's healing through works. That's not what we're looking at here. We're not trying to earn his healing. It's already for you. That healing's already been set for you. It's open for you. So I This is not a scripture of earning it. I've got to earn my healing. I've got to I've got to go through the motions. I've got to do this. That's not what this is. But rather, it's positioning ourselves to receive what he's already freely given. So I How do I get into that, brother Jeremy? You position yourself in the free flowing line of obedience to his word of God. And a lot of times we put that to a man. So we just see the pastor or we see the evangelist or we see that and and we can't see past the flesh to see that God is trying to deal with our hearts to put us in a life of obedience. Not a life of religion. Not a life of I'm glad you're doing better. I'm glad I can trust you with my wallet. I'm glad you're no longer doing those things of the world. But where is the heart of the matter? Where is the relationship? Listen, a marriage would not be a good marriage if you can just say, "Well, I can trust her with my money. I mean, that's a good marriage, too. Don't get me wrong. But that there's something more to it than just saying, "I can trust somebody with my money or I can trust them with my car keys." No, there is a love relationship that even when things are going to go wrong, unless guess what? I don't care how much you love one another, you're going to have problems in your relationship, but that should draw you closer. And well, if I I figured if I came and I I went up to the altar and I got prayed for that all of the things would go away. No, those problems are still here. You're still in this life. You're still in this old coat. You're going to have to go through sicknesses and trials and people are going to step on your toes and things are not going to go the way you want them to go and this is going to happen and that's going to happen. But it's those tests of your life to find out who you really are. Where is the healing in our lives? So again, it's I want to position myself in the word of God. I want to position myself in his obedience and be obedient to his word. See, and by his word and his word alone, we can have faith and claim healing for ourselves because it's already done. We know the song, right? It's already done. The battle is over. You ever sing that song and be like, "The enemy begins to come in your mind. What do you mean the battle's over?" You're right in the middle of it, of course. But it's already over, Satan, for you. I'm going to keep I'm going to sing it even the louder. But you're right in the middle of pain. It doesn't matter if I feel pain. I am free. I am set free. I I I have listen he has already healed me and besides what I would rather enter into glory halt and lame and on a wheelchair because I know as soon as I get to the other side I won't be in a wheelchair anymore. I want to make sure that I'm so sold out in my life that if everything falls apart, if a world around me falls apart, I know that the word says he will not lose a one. No one can take me from the palm of his hand. I know this is simple, but I really want us to take this to heart because it's our humanity that we sometimes just look over and and we just think everything's going to be okay. And we want everyone to accept us for who we are. We want everyone to accept our our attitudes and we want everyone to accept our reactions. But I found out that when you receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit, something's going to change. Something's got to change. And it's not just a always an outside, but it's what's changing. Brother Jeremy, you begin to grow. You begin to learn. I shouldn't react that way. I shouldn't have that attitude. I should love my brother. I should shake their hand even if they don't shake mine. I should do these things. Why? Because there's something inside of you. Because when you were cursing God and you were spitting uh spitting in Jesus's face and putting those nails upon his hands, you said, "I didn't do it. We did it with our sins." He still said, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." And that's the same thing that should be in the bride of Jesus Christ. the same reaction to an action, the same thing. Because even in the church, people are going to be against people. I said this at camp. It gets to a point where the enemy doesn't have to do anything. He can just sit in the chair and cross his arms and say, "I don't got to do nothing, Brother Joe. They're doing it for me." No, that's not what we want to do, God. I want to get into the line of faith. I want to get into the line of obedience. See, Jesus would often say, "According to your faith." Then I was recently reminded of this quote and it just I just don't you just love when when a quote just explodes and you've read it the word even the word of God when you open it up and you've read it and read it but something just explodes. Amen. I hope that you do. Hallelujah. And perfect faith says now let us read. It says Jesus answering said unto them have faith in God. So we're going to read the scripture with him. says, "For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, here it is, he shall have whatsoever he saith." How many still believes the word? So therefore, I say unto you, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. And when you stand praying, what is this still in the word? When you stand praying, forgive. If you have ought against any, that your father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. I want to remind you that you've had trespasses and that your heavenly father forgave you. Now, in turn, I ministered this at camp, the uh uh the ministry of reconciliation. This is a ministry that was given to all of us. And a lot of times we want to come in. I'm trying to get off of this, but I I'm I'm here now. I might as well just finish it. All right. I mean, so a lot of times we come in. What did he say? He says, when you come, he says, and and you come and you bring your gift to the altar, and yet you have something in your heart, you have honor, whatever. He said, what did he say? Leave that gift at the altar and go out and make it right. And so how much important was it for Jesus to say your gift, your worship does nothing for me until you take care of it with your brother or sister? How many times have I come into the house of God all lifting my hands, magnify the Lord with me, and yet something and I know I I know this is funny, but yet then all of a sudden somebody walked into the church and I just had this shudder. How many times have we shuddered? when somebody walked in. Why? Because we remembered something or something of the pastor. We still have something that that happened 30 years ago or even yesterday. It doesn't matter what it is. Jesus said your worship, your gift is nothing unless that is taken care of. And here we find when you stand praying, forgive. I can say God help me. Help me, Lord. I I don't want to just preach a sermon. God, help me to live forgiveness. Help me to live reconciliation. Help me to be the the the brother. And you know what Satan does? Oh, he'll fight me, too. He'll fight you. He'll fight these brothers. And then he'll Before you know it, you'll be spinning tires before you even leave the church. Hallelujah. Anyhow, don't let the devil get you down. That's a song, too, that's still active. But if you do not forgive, neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. So what does brother Brandham say? He says, "Now faith is based on forgiveness." I know you know this, but let it be in our heart. Faith is based on forgiveness. So we can try to get all kinds of faith built up and build up faith and but yet if there's no forgiveness in our heart our faith is not. You see if we cannot forgive then how can we have faith for our own healing what begins to happen is is we then begin to open the door to spirits that begin to disturb our spirits. Now, you might be on your road to glory and you might be signed, still delivered, and you can still have disturbing spirits in your life. You might could have the cleanest of homes and still have a disturbing spirit that is proddding at you and probing at you. Right? We may not desire the world, but somehow become content with allowing these spirits to poke and prod us, thus disturbing the flow of the Holy Spirit in our lives. And when we start to flow in the the house of God and worship begins to move and and God begins to do and it's something all of a sudden because of that disturbing spirit because of the lack of forgiveness. Satan knows exactly when to go. He knows the moment when the word of God is coming. And listen because I believe he's got somebody reading these notes. And he knows what you're dealing with and what you're battling. And when brother Tim's up here and all of a sudden he's fixing to jump all over your life. You've never done that, have you? Here comes that disturbing spirit. That begins to help you miss it. What's it for you? And then we leave that place and go, "That was that was a mighty good sermon. Yeah, that was really good." Listen, not every service we walk out feeling like it was really good. because it kind of stung a little bit. That's Listen, if the word doesn't challenge you, then what are we doing here in the first place? If the word of God being ministered from the pulpit doesn't bring a challenge to you in your life and your home life and your job life and your family life and your kids' life, then something's wrong somewhere. No wonder all hell's against this. It doesn't want you to be challenged for your life. Oh, I got to hurry up. Tell me to hurry up. All right. Okay, that works, too. But if we hold a grudge, we can hold back our healing. Whether it be spiritual, mental, or physical. See, what is a grudge? It is a persistent feeling. I I'm dealing with the human aspect. Why? Because I last I checked, you're still human, and so am I. Hallelujah. How many wants to go to glory? All right. Well, then sometimes we got to make sure these spirits are not in our lives to help us. I mean, you might be going, but why would you want to live this kind of life? Why would you want to have the these disturbing spirits all over your life all the time? I think that we are living under our privileges. I'm going to just say that I'm living under my privileges. God, make sure, help me, Lord, to not have a grudge in my life. A persistent feeling of ill will or resentment resulting from past insult or injury. What is the word resentment? Resentment is a buildup of negative emotions such as anger. No. Frustration, never. And disappointment. Disappointment's all right. But is it? A lot of times we're looking for our own things and we constantly are disappointed because we're not in the will of God and then we begin to look at everyone else's life and because well they got it and I didn't. We begin to resent it. We begin to have ill will. All right. So it's when you are offended by someone or something in life and you allow that hurt to germinate in your heart. You don't see it but it's there. And then when it's germinated in there, then it begins to grow. It begins to take root. And it's characterized by an unforgiving spirit, negative, critical attitudes, and a slow, seething, abiding kind of anger. Just it's it's there. It's like a it's like a trickle of water. You know, that rock is pretty powerful, right? But after a time, that water just just it could be the smallest trail of water and it begins to erode that rock. I mean, we got to get a jackhammer, Brother Tim, and break that rock up, but you just take a little trail of water after a period of time. Might not seem like nothing, but it begins to erode that rock. And that's what that disturbing spirit is. Sometimes it's not that big old ugly devil that jumps in front of you, but it's just that slow seething uh negative spirit that just begins to erode our spiritual lives. And then it just Listen, I hope you understand what I'm going to say. It just becomes easier to not. There you go. You fill in the blank. It becomes easier and easier to just not. That's right. And we don't even realize that we have walked into that. We have justified it by the past. Notice what brother Brandham says here. And listen to what he's saying here. Says, "See, if you get a resenting audience, the Holy Spirit won't even reveal." Says, "You got to have something that's working together." They were in one place and in one accord. And then you then there came a sound from heaven rushing. See, no matter Oh, listen. No matter how much I'd pray and lay day and night studying and praying before the Lord and walk down there, maybe the anointing on me. Well, that was a flop tonight. What? Did you not pray good enough, Brother Timothy? Notice what the prophet is saying. Thank you for letting me use you. Notice what the prophet is saying here. He could pray. The anointing could be on these brothers. He could do everything and spend all their time studying. But if there's a resenting audience, resentment in that audience, says it just grieves him right away. He won't reveal nothing. Says, but when you walk down here under the anointing and fill your audience under the anointing, that's when the Holy Spirit begins to work then and he begins to move and do great things for us. That's the importance of coming to the house of God and praying, "God, get wash the dust of this life off of me. Wash the filth of this. I I the things that I didn't even want to see or the things that I didn't want to hear." Just literally walking through the dirt of this life that is God on me. Lord, wash it off. I don't want any resentment in my life. I want to make sure that the anointing is moving in this place because you don't know when there'll be a soul that'll come in there that'll need that anointing. And we create an atmosphere by getting the resentment off of us. That's right. See, what does it do? It says, "Resentment causes us to desire the worst for someone without even realizing it." I'm going to read you this story and I don't know where this is from. So, I I I looked it up and it says Pastor Ram. So, I'm not trying to plagiarize anybody, but this is I got this offline. It says, "Two shopkeepers were bitter rivals." So, their stores were directly across the street from each other, and they would spend each day keeping track of each other's business. And if one got a customer, he would smile and triumph at his rival. One night, an angel appeared to one of the shopkeepers in a dream and said, "I'll give you anything you ask, but whatever you receive, your competitor will will receive twice as much." Would you be rich? You can be very rich, but he will be twice as wealthy. Do you wish to live a long and healthy life? You can, but his life will be longer longer and healthier. What is your desire? The man frowned, thought for a moment, and then said, "Here's my request. Strike me blind in one eye." Well, I know that that seems kind of odd, but how many times do we carry that? I didn't say that you're wanting that, but see, resentment can take us to places that we don't want to go. And here, this this man had the opportunity to have all the wealth and all the health that he wanted, but his concern was more about what his competitor was going to get. Come on. That's not what this message is about. We're here together. Listen, whatever God is doing, we're this message was to draw us together in this assembly and my assembly and other pastors assembly and draw us together and push out the resentment and push out all these things and wish the best for your neighbor. God, let them have a greater blessing than me. Let them be closer. I don't care as long as we're together in this. Lord, I want more of you. We can have that that spirit of jealousy which generally refers to the thoughts or feelings of insecurity, fear and concern or over a relative lack of possessions or safety. See, jealousy cons can consist of one or more emotions such as anger here again resentment, inadequacy, helplessness or disgust. And we go all the way back to the beginning and we see jealousy start at the beginning. And it all started at a church service. So here we are. We're at church. What's happening? Brother Brandham says that's exactly what took place at the very beginning as Cain and Abel, both boys here on earth. And when Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, and God vindicated Abel, boy, I tell you what, when God vindicates, why do other people get mad? Hello. Well, it didn't happen to me, so it must not be right. No. If God vindicates his word by bringing it to pass, we should all rejoice. But then we begin to find out who we are. When God vindicates someone else's life, think about it. You might be tested for that. God, you might be the one praying, God, show me, God, vindicate this. And God might come around and vindicate this individual's life first. Yeah. Then what will we do? Oh, I'm going to keep reading. It it was it caused jealousy with Cain because he was jealous of his brother and slew his brother. Well, brother Jeremy, I have never murdered anybody, have we? Like I said, you might not be fighting this, but don't drop our guard. It started right at the beginning that when the natural and the spiritual, yet Cain and Abel worshiped the same God. They both built the same kind of altars and they both worshiped the same God at the same church and the same altar. They just had a different sacrifice or revelation. You know what? I'm going to just go this way. What if somebody doesn't have the revelation you have? What are you going to do about that? They should be Oh my word. They should know. God, help me to live a life in front of them to encourage them. You know, I'm so thankful. There were times when I was low and I wasn't flying as high as I should have flown as an eagle that there was someone that dropped me some meat. There was someone that didn't kick me when I was down, but they dropped meat when I needed it. You know, God wants us to be meat droppers. He wants us to be those that are willing, not not the kind of not the kind of talk when we just put people down. Well, you should have more of this and you No, God bless this person. You know what? God bless you, my brother. God bless you, my sister. Aren't you glad there was somebody in your life that dropped meat just at the right time when you were as low as you could get? Think about this other uh story that I have says, there was a fable of an eagle which could outfly another, and the other didn't like it. So the latter saw a sportsman one day and said to him,"I wish you would bring down that eagle." The sportsman replied to that that he would if I can only have some feathers to put in my arrow. So the eagle pulled one out of his wing. And the arrow was shot but didn't quite reach the rival eagle. It was flying too high. This envious eagle pulled out more feathers and kept pulling them out until he lost so many that he couldn't fly. Then the sportsman turned around and killed him. My friend, if you are jealous, the only man you can hurt is yourself. It's from, I believe, from Moody's. So, how many feathers have we given to try to bring someone down? See, Proverbs 14:30 says, "A sound heart is the life of the flesh, but envy the rottness of bones." Otherwise, it is saying, "Peace of mind makes the body healthy, but jealousy is like a cancer." Why do you think the enemy wants to rob your peace and he's trying to use people around you to rob it? Listen, don't let anybody get between you and God. In fact, it's usually not anybody that's doing it. It's me, myself, and I. It's the one in the mirror. Brother Brandham even talked about it. It I don't know the words, but his greatest battle in a sense was himself. Well, if he said that, I say, I want to look at myself instead of pointing fingers at other people. It could just be me. There you go. But, you know, if it is just me, it's that much easier to fix it because all I have to do is surrender to him. I don't have to worry about you surrendering. That's between you and God. Why do I want to fix everybody else? just need to trust in what God has for me. So, how many how many feathers have we given? I say, "Lord, get me away from that sportsman. Get me away from that, Lord. Let these feathers grow back." Right? You see, how many's heard of the greeneyed monster which doth mock I think that comes from Shakespeare. It is the greeneyed monster which doth mock the meat it feeds on. You see, jealousy is a monster that destroys the very thing it claims to protect. We think jealousy is actually helping us, but it's actually destroying us. It mocks the meat it feeds on. Meaning, it ridicules and destroys everything it consumes. I'm going to ask you a question. Are you sure you want to be the bride? Because being the bride of Jesus Christ means that you have to crucify this flesh. And let me just say this, crucifying the flesh is more than just not cutting your hair and more than not just putting on the dress and more than not just being with the right people. But sometimes it's crucifying retaliation. If cru it is crucifying the human element of retaliation and retaliation comes in many forms. Yet to be the bride she must and I cannot stress this enough she's got to be the difference. We cannot be like every other church. We cannot become like every other religion. We cannot become like every other denomination or non-denomination denomination. We've got to be the difference. We've got to be the bride of Jesus Christ. And you will be tested by the human element. It's not about how much you know up here. It's not about how many quotes you know, but it's the life that you live. We want to quote the prophet, but let's live the life that he lived. Let's live the life. Listen, I'm so glad that God placed a man in in our generation, and I can call it a generation that lived a life of humility in front of me. I see it in the word of God by Christ himself. But then we had someone live it that when people went against him, what did he do? Bless them. God, let me bless them. Let me bless you. Even if I've got to crucify my ideas and crucify God, I want to just give everything to have that type of spirit for healing's sake. I need healing in my life. I need it in my spirit. I need it in my mind. I need it in my flesh. But I could be clogging it up because I'm holding something. And I have every right to. Brother, listen. I want you to understand. I have every right to hold it because it happened to me. It's the truth. I have proof. I have verification. I have recordings. I have this. Listen. But I sold my rights out when I said I do. I'm not a part of Leodysa. I've given everything to him. I've given my rights to him. Burn the tapes. Burn the thoughts. Burn those things and come back to the word of God so healing can actually take place. Your children need it. Your wife needs it. Your husband needs it. The church needs it. For healing's sake, it's there for us. walk under that healing presence, but you got to be willing to crucify your flesh. Say, "Father, I forgive." She's got to be the difference. Notice we find that in Esther. Brother Bram says Esther purged her heart before God. Walked up with a meek and humble spirit. A lot of times we take that as, "Well, that means I just got to be tater vine back and I just got to be a wimp." That's not what I'm saying. Stand upon the word of God. Sometimes you got to pull that sword and you got to stand upon that because the enemy is coming against you. That's not what I'm saying. Stand for this truth, but be careful that we don't become overzealous, right? You can do that in Walmart, proving your rights to everyone around us and before you know it, we just become the most stuckup Pentecostal people in the world. And no one wants to serve you. No one wants to bag your groceries because you showed up again. That's not the bride of Jesus Christ. The world is dying for what? The lack of love. Listen, they're going to step on your toes. They're going to be against you. They're going to say all kinds of things against you. Who cares? They did Christ. It didn't stop him. Why? because he had one goal in mind. Brothers and sisters, if we can just come to one goal and get rid of all the other goals that are taking our time and taking our life and taking everything about us and you've be a good person. I'm not doubting that. But God, I want to have a relationship with you. I want to be so in love with you. And I can come to an oldfashioned altar sometimes, not always an altar of repentance, but come down and just say, "God, I just want to draw closer to you." And you can have that altar in your home. You can have that altar. Why do we wait for here to do that? God, I when I come to church, this is a hospital. I get that. This is a place of healing. But sometimes we need to come and we need to help out in that. We need to help out with the creating of the atmosphere. And God, you can't I'm not just waiting for the person sitting next to me. God, use me. What did it say that said walked up with a meek and humble spirit? I'm all right on time. I've I've lost it here. The church that's going to be the bride of Christ. That what did he say? What's the the church that's going to be the bride of Christ? one that's going to be meek and humble. Says, "Now remember Esther refused the world worldly adornment." And she took the spirit in her heart to go before the king. See, and the women today in the church that think she's going to get in because she's got more numbers, she's the best dressed crowd, she's got the biggest organization, the biggest church in the city, and things like that says you'll miss it a million miles if you're depending on that. It's a sweet, kind, reverent spirit to what? The word of God. My question is is how do you react or respond when the word is coming? And sometimes it's surgical and it comes in and it begins to cut things. I don't care if you've been in this 50, 60 years, it's still surgical. That's right. And you could just be started out on your road and it's still surgical. Right. So what did he say? It's a sweet, kind, reverent spirit to the word of God. Washed by the water of the word and the word in you. It's washing. See, the church needs a washing. A full gospel washing. That's right. Not just a part washing, but a full gospel washing. Cleaned up. Made new creatures in Christ Jesus. See, Jesus's bride is not a dirty bride. he wouldn't have his dirty bride. So why are we allowing yesterday to keep us from today's healing? See, past hurts, whether actual or only miragages, become present strongholds. We then begin to lose focus on his promises as we stay focused on the problem. We're actually allowing yesterday something that's already gone and it's passed to keep us from today's healing, even the very healing that we need now. And we need healing because we're human beings and we go through problems. Just living life, we need healing. I mean, lit literally no one can say anything against you and to you, but just living your life. You come to church and Lord, I need healing. And you might look like the most healthiest of individuals, but you need healing. There ain't nothing wrong with that. That's what we're here for. But we cannot allow that. See, Isaiah 43:18, and I'm I'm I'm hurrying up here, so just finish with this. Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old. Behold, I will do a new thing. Now it shall spring forth. Ye shall know uh uh shall ye know it. I will even make a way in the wilderness and the river and rivers in the desert. You see, but if we keep thinking of the old things and we keep allowing those things to halt us from what God can do new for us today, well, no wonder we can keep only going so far. You see, healing in most cases needs to be for the spirit and the heart. Though this flesh will caner and fade, it is our attitude of the heart and the spirit that is in need of repair. Can I just say this? never be satisfied with just getting better because there's always room for growth. How many still alive tonight? If you're still here and you're still awake with me, how many is alive? So, if you're still alive, there's still room to grow. I mean, it doesn't matter who we are, there's still room to grow. And so, the question then uh brings us down to this. We are reminded in the scripture to to obey is better than sacrifice. So, where does the monster's defeat come into play here? When we feed jealousy, we give it power over healing. That's right. Isn't that amazing how we can keep that in our mind that we can actually give power over God's healing? Why? Because the Holy Spirit's timid. The healing is here for you, but we constantly push it away. Why? Because we've been feeding that jealousy monster or we've been feeding that resentment monster or we've been feeding all of these things, right? But when we starve it, Yes. Through the obedience to God's word, choosing love over envy, gratitude over complaint, and trust over suspicion, the monster then begins to die and healing begins to flow freely. But the more you feed it, what brother Brown talked about, the white dog and the black dog, right? Which one are you feeding the most? I mean, you can take that and you can say that that's not relevant. Listen, what are you feeding most? If you don't like that part, I will say this. What are you feeding more? Your flesh or your spirit? Right? So, I want my heart to to not feed the jealousy because it's easy for jealousy to just happen. I don't even have to train you to do it. You never had to train your child to lie, did you? They just didn't want that spanking. Is that still all right to say? I don't know. You didn't have to train them to to try to get around something. It just happened, right? It's it just it's just there. So these things that you're fighting, though you have the Holy Spirit in your life, those things will still come at you. I didn't say that you're living them. I said they're coming at you. But why do we want them to keep knocking on our door? Help us, Lord. I got to move forward. If the brother, last quote, if the brother, you think he's a little wrong, or the sister, say, 'Lord, never let me have the root of bitterness spring up because it'll affect him and it'll take the Christ right out of my life. See that poison acids of malice and jealousy and hatred, that will just take the Holy Spirit right away from you. It'll run him from the tabernacle here. It'll kill the spirit of God or drive it from here. It'll hurt your pastor. It'll do everything. See? Says, "Don't you do that. Just wax that much closer together. Take that buckle." As the brother testified and ministered here the other night about having a buckle, seeing it in a vision. See that buckles on the whole armor of God. Just pull on her. Tighten up. Move up close to one another. Love one another. Anyhow. Well, I know why he said anyhow. Because there's going to be things in our lives that we're going to disagree with and we're not going to see eye to eye because listen, you're probably almost all family here. Probably not. I'm just saying that. Just it just seems like But we are part of the family of God. And so we're going to see each other's faults. You're actually going to see people make a mistake here. It's true. It's going to happen. But love one another anyhow. Pray for one another anyhow. Aren't you glad someone prayed for you? See, talk nice about one another, say nice things about one another, and then God will bless you. You see, non could be healed, right? But he had to do it exactly how God told him to do it. But why, Lord? Why do I have to why do I have to love him? You need heard the whole thing. Didn't say I had to like him. Uh-uh. That's not how this works. You love them. I'm glad he loved me and liked me. Even in my sin, even in my fault, he cares for me, right? He cares for you. So, non had to do it by obedience seven times. So, let me ask you this. What healing do you need this evening? I'm not just coming talking about coming and going through the same motions every single time. Every single service, you got to come and you're praying for the same thing. Sometimes it's it will not sometimes all the time. It'll never work until you check what's in your heart. Say, "What is it that's holding me back from getting free?" These brothers can pray for you every service and every day. And you can have a text message thread and a WhatsApp thread that would burn the the the hide of the enemy, but it doesn't matter if you're still holding on to something. Is there something that we need to bring to the altar? Is there a fleshly desire that is eating away at us? Is there a negative spirit? Are there grudges? Are there hard feelings? Are there resentments? Do we need to finally shut that monster up once and for all in our life? Because the water of the word is here, right? It's here. And my my life is saying, God, my heart is saying, "Lord, don't let me go back to the old the old things of resentment and and complexes and and and all of these things that hold me back from what God wants me to do in my ministry. Satan will attack the minister to get the minister. Sometimes he'll attack his wife. To get the pastor, he'll attack the church, right? He'll do whatever he can to try to weaken the body. But there's got to be someone that has Listen, how many still believes in the gifts active in a church? And what is it that's there's there's got to be discernment. There's got to be wisdom. There's got to be knowledge that's here to be able to catch these things. Not just wait for brother Tim to call it out, but you've been called to be able to see these things if that is active in your own life. To be able to say, "I'm not going to let that spirit put its ugly head up in this church. I'm going to begin to pray. I'm going to begin to get a hold of God." And God wants to use you for that. I'm just nothing. I'm just this and I I don't do anything. You You are here. You are a part of this church. God wants to use you. Well, you just got to get out of the way. Say, "Lord, be it unto me according to thy word. Musicians, come now. Let's bow our heads." Lord, I pray Lord, if there's anything that was set out of the way, God, that you would just forgive me and look past, Lord, and that the seed found good ground. Lord, I want my heart changed, Lord. As the song is sung, change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. I want to be like you. I'm sorry for being me. I'm I'm sorry for getting in getting in the way and not letting you be you, Lord. Maybe there's someone here tonight that say, "Lord, I I just want you to be you in my life. I'm tired of letting these things from the past or these things even from yesterday or even today just halt me from the healing that I can have in my life. Listen, Satan is brutal. I get it. He's brutal. He's never going to he's never going to stop. He's relentless. There's no intermission in this life. Let's get Let's get this this thing straight. There's no intermission in this life. No intermission. It's constant. The barrage is constant. But yet we can have peace surrounded. I've had people say, "How can you keep going with all that's going on?" I don't know. I don't have the answer. But yet, there's something that's holding me in my life, in my heart. There's a piece that passes understanding. But, Brother Jeremy, I'm just tired. I get it. We're tired. But we're almost home. Don't give up. Don't just don't just make it so easy to just not anymore. Say, "Renew me, Lord. Stir the gift up in my heart. Change my thinking. Change my ways, Lord. Get rid of that monster in my life." He says, "I want to, but if you you have to obey me, you can't just say something in this service and then walk out to the same old life." You've got to be persistent. You've got to have something in your heart that says, "I know I'm going to face trials. I know I'm going to face battles and difficulties, but thou art with me. Would you be honest with him? Not me. I I don't I want to be real with you. I'm not asking to pray for you. It won't do any good. It won't do any good unless your heart is completely open and say, "God, I just I'm done. I'm tired. You have exposed it. I'm tired of the excuses. says, "I'm tired of offering all these excuses of why I can't go any further and why I still hold on to this. I'm tired, Lord. I'm ready to be free." Maybe you're just going through a little battle and you just need a little bit of healing. And I still believe the great physician is here. She's playing it. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. Listen, I'm not trying to work you up tonight. And I'm trying to get to your heart and I'm trying to get to your soul. I'm trying to get to your humanity. God is here tonight to meet it. But you've got to be real with him. Will you be real with him now? I want to give a few moments. I want to sing this song together. And I just want you to be I want you to be real reverent now. Even on a Wednesday night, God can simply change our hearts. Do you believe it tonight? Let's do this together. Change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Do it, Lord. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like. Let's sing that part again. and change my heart. Be honest now. Change my heart, oh God. I don't want anything else but you. Make it ever true. He's here. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Next part. For you are the potter, [Music] I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. Oh, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God, may I be like you. Hallelujah. Play that softly again. Let's stand together now. I just want to break what we're in. I just feel like something's missing. I want to be I I I don't you want to be free. Do Don't you want it? Listen, we should want it so much. We should want it for the person next to us. There should be such an atmosphere of He's here. All I got to do is be honest with them and step into that. Healing is here. Freedom is here. Healing is here. But what are you willing to do to get it right? Bow your heads one more time. Lord Jesus, I turn it to you, Lord. Do what you can in the hearts of your people. Lord, thank you for those that have come. Lord, they're pouring their heart out to you. I believe in all with all of my heart. Let there not be one that leaves this place tonight saying, "I wish I could have just broke through. I wish that I could have just lifted my hands and not felt that uneasiness. I wish that I could just be free because freedom is here. Lord, I pray tonight that you would begin to move in Jesus name." Amen. I don't Do you know that song that freedom is here? I believe it. I receive it. I don't remember how it starts, but but I want him. I want you to know that he's here. How many's going to concur that he's here? Say, we don't go by feelings. That doesn't matter. I feel him and I know by his word that he is here. Right. Let's sing this together now. Help me out. Freedom is here. Oh, freom is here. I receive it and I receive it. Freedom is here now. Oh, freom is here. Thank you, Jesus. Freom is here. Freom is here. I believe it. I believe it. All right, let's break the law of gravity. Oh, I lift my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you now. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Can we just do healing is here now? Healing is here. It's your choice. It's already here. Healing is here. The word went forth and they were pricricked in their hearts. Healing is here. I receive it. Oh, and I receive it. Oh, healing is here now. Oh, healing is here. Thank you, Lord. Healing is here. So glad that healing is here. Oh, I believe it and I believe it. Oh, I lift. Oh, I lift my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. Oh, I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Oh, I can't stay any longer. Oh my. Let's start claiming it now. Sickness can't stay. Sickness can stay. Whatever kind it is now. Oh, your perfect love is casting out fear. Oh, you are the God. He's here now. Oh, you are the God of all power and it is your will that my life is here. Oh, sickness can't stay. [Music] Oh, you are the God of power. It is your life. Oh, sickness can't stay. Sickness can't stay any longer. Your perfect love is casting out. Oh, you are the God of power. You will that my life is. Oh Jesus is here. [Music] Oh Jesus is here. [Music] Oh, Jesus is here. Oh, and I receive him. [Music] Oh, Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Applause] Oh Jesus is here. Oh, freedom is here. Freedom is here. Freom is here. [Music] free. [Music] Oh, I receive it. I receive it. Oh, freom receive. Oh freom here. Oh, freom is here. And I believe it. And I So I lift my hands. I lift my hands [Music] to the heavens. [Music] My help comes from my rock, my healing. Trust in me. I lift my hands. I lift my hands all to heaven. My help come [Music] my healer. I trust you. [Music] Lord, oh my soul and all that is with me, bless his holy name. [Music] Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and love that is within me. This is home. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless you. [Music] day for he has done. Oh yes he has. He has done all great things. He has done great. Bless his holy name. Oh, bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his soul in name. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that. [Music] Bless his holy name. For he has done. For he has done. Oh, he has done. [Music] He has done great things. Yes, he has done great things. Oh, I'm going to bless his holy [Music] holy name. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his soul in the name. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. So my soul and all and all that is within me his holy name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what we're called to do is to bless his holy name. You know, you just get in awe of how how God orchestrates and does things. The last two Wednesday nights been on unclogging the faith lines. Tonight was anything was part three. Amen. And then even an extension of Sunday in our lives, what we allow Leodosa that tries to creep in. I believe God's trying to tell us something. He's wanting to pour out waters and rivers of blessings. Listen, it ain't just one Sunday morning church service or Wednesday's church service, but it's blessings on top of blessings. Hallelujah. It's healing on top of healings. So much healing to this whole body changes. And we go to meet him in the air. That's what he's trying to get to us. Amen. He needs these lines open so he can communicate with his bride. He's trying to tell you it's time to go home. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many can say, "Lord, I want to zig those lines open. Lord, I want an open line of communication between me and you, Lord. I I want to hear from you." Amen. He said, "I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh, sayeth the Lord." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Said the young men would see visions. The old men would dream dreams. The young and the old, the the women would prophesy. I mean, we're all in that in that promise. We're all in that promise. He's wanting to do something for us. I I tell you, I feel it in my heart as God has come again and again and again. Open up the lines, trying to get a call through. Answer the phone. Answer the phone. I'm trying to talk to you. Answer it. Got something good to tell you? Answer it. Open up the line. Get all the dust out. Get all the dirt out of the way. Get all the hindrance out of the way. Get all the problems and and the things you've allowed to accumulate for years. Get it all out so the presence of God can come like a gusher. Not a trickle, but a gusher of the Holy Spirit and fill every heart. Fill this assembly. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why don't we just hold our hands up and just lift our hands and our voices to him for a moment. Just zig on that line a little bit and say, "Lord, I want to open up my whole heart. I open up every door in my life. I I want to open up every avenue, Father. I I don't want to let one little thing be clamped down. Don't let one spirit clamp down. One little opening where you can pour out your blessings upon us and you can pour out your spirit upon us and you can you can prophesy and we can see visions and and we can see God move among us. Lord, open it up. Father, open up the floodgates of heaven and let it rain. Let it rain in our lives. Let it rain in our hearts. Let it rain in our homes. Let it rain in our services. Let it rain in my life, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many's been blessed tonight to be in the presence of God? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Jeremy, sometimes I know when you get in those positions, you think, man, kind of walking a line and a little nervous, but he was right in the right spot. Amen. God had you right where he wanted you and he's trying to get us where he wants us. Amen. I want to be able to be yielded into his presence and his spirit. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that. I believe it's in Bflat. We ain't sung it in a long time, but create in me a clean heart. The B flat. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within. Oh, create in me, Lord. Oh, create in me. Oh, a clean heart. Yes, Lord. Oh, God. [Music] And renew a right spirit within me. Oh, cast we not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not the Holy Spirit. Take not thy Holy Spirit over me. Oh, restore unto me the joy. Restore unto me. Oh, the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, create in me a clean heart. [Music] Oh, create me [Music] a clean heart. Yes, Jesus. Oh, God. And renew a right spirit. Oh, within me, created me, Lord, and clean. Oh, create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit. Oh, within me, cast me not away. and cast me not away. Oh, from thy presence. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. Take not the Holy Spirit. Take not thy holy spirit oh from me but restore [Music] restore unto me all the joy of thy salvation [Music] and renew to a right spirit. Oh, within me, cast me not away. Oh, cast me away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit oh from me. Restore. Come to me all the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit. Amen. God bless you. This mid Jesus name created me Lord. Oh create in me a clean heart. Oh God and renew arise spirit within me. Creatable. Oh create me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a bright spirit.
