################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - The Mountain Movers End Time Harvest Celebration - Bro. Tim Pruitt on June 1, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    The Mountain Movers: End Time Harvest Celebration - Bro. Tim Pruitt on June 1, 2025
Speaker:  Tim Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05DH-j96xWc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] need. [Music] I know. [Music] No wonder how alone And the emptiness I tried so hard to. Oh, I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up with secret tears. I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calary where you died and purchased my redemption when you ro my spirit free. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you came through your preious blood. I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. I wash away. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me. Oh, like you, Lord. Other friends can never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed that you love [Music] me. Oh yes. [Music] Blood I have and my s they're all washed away. My sins are washed away. Oh yes. [Music] I found pardon and my sins are [Music] alled. Sing that second verse again. Yes, it's true. There have been days Oh, I felt you, Lord. Many times I've gone astray, but I learned your love is stronger. Oh, that my weakness and your ear is open. Every time I pray, no one else has ever cared for me. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] Oh, I'm not afraid to face the dram of tomorrow. Know you are everything. Oh, I need I'm a Oh, that you love me. Oh, just how much you care through your preious blood. I found hard pardoned. And my sins are all washed away. [Music] Where would I be? You only [Music] know. I'm glad you [Music] see through eyes of love. A hopeless case. an empty place. If not for grace, where would I be? Where would I be? Oh, you only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the [Music] sound. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, but thank you, Lord, I found. A hopeless case, an empty place. Oh, I'm so thankful for your grace, precious Lord. Oh, take my hand. Lead me. [Music] Let me stand a hopeless case, an empty place, if not. Oh, amazing grace. Amazing [Applause] grace, how sweet the sound. [Music] Now I found it. Yes, Jesus. One more time. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet. I once was lost but now I'm [Music] found. Now let's stand together. I need you Lord. I need you Lord right now. [Music] I need [Music] you right now. [Music] I lift my hands. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. I need you. I need you. Oh, I need you right now. right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees, Jesus. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. Oh, I [Music] I'll lift my hands to worship your soul. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. This the grace of God to be able to recognize that you need him. A world today that does not recognize that heading headlong into destruction. But amen. I'm so thankful that I can see I need him. need him in my life situations. I want to remember sister Elizabeth Buts is asking for prayer for lady she sits with about to cross over to remember her and other caregivers as well. Also, sister Dexter family is asking for prayer for a lady named Paula in hospital needs a touch from the Lord. Joshua is asking for prayer for need in their family having vehicle troubles. Remember them today also my wife great nephew sister Ruth's great nephew Jet passed away is 10 years old passed away after a long battle with cancer. Just want to remember the family in prayer that's no doubt a crushing loss to to grandparents and to parents alike and just ask the Lord to comfort them during this time. Amen. Just ask the Lord to come by and touch them. Amen. How many would have a need just want to make it known to the Lord. Also have Joe Adams and his family away today ministry. Remember them quite a bit of traveling going back and forth this summer. Different ones ministry as well. So ask the Lord to be with each one. Amen. To give them traveling mercies, good services, great vacations, whatever it is that the Lord would just bless each and every one of you. Ask brother Aaron if he'd come and pray for us today. Let's pray together. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, Lord, we just love to take a moment and pause and just reflect, Lord, on your goodness, Lord. how wonderful that you've been to us and how kind and merciful, Lord. And in every aspect, and every situation of our life, we can look back over it and recognize you've been there with us through it all. And Lord, you've seen every step. Lord, you've seen every heartache. You've seen every triumph. Lord, you've been there through it all. And we just want to stop and say thank you so very much, Lord. Lord, we thank you for this opportunity this morning that you've given us, Lord, to gather with with believers of like precious faith, Lord, with with our church family and just come together and bring our licks of fire together and begin to lift up the name above all names. Begin to praise you, Lord, because you're worthy of that praise, Lord. We just hope today and pray, Lord, that our praise will please you, Lord, and that you'll begin to move in this place, Lord. Your word tells us that as the praises begin to go up, the blessings begin to fall down, Lord. And Lord, we're expecting to be blessed today in this place, Lord. We're expecting because when you move, Lord, and when you come down in a place, Lord, burdens are lifted and sickness is healed and the the bound are set free. So, we're under a great expectation for that today, Father. And we're inviting you to come and take complete control of this service, take complete control of our thinking and help us stay locked in on the word, Lord, that you have for us this morning. I pray that you'll anoint our pastor, Lord, to just deliver the word without fear or favor. And Lord, find that channel, not only him, but may we find that channel this morning, Lord, and and lock in and feed on the good things of God. I pray we'll allow that word to take effect in our life, Father, so it not just be something that would tickle our ears or something that would just be a good sermon, but may it be lifechanging, Father, as we apply everything we hear today to our lives, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that you're our healer. We thank you that you're our comforter. And Lord, we look to you today for comfort, Lord. Because Lord, in the loss of a loved one, Lord, especially a tragedy, Lord, like this, losing a a 10year-old child, Lord, only you can comfort, Lord. Words can't can't do it. I I I can't do it. But Lord, I believe right now you can draw close and and and Lord, begin to wrap your arms around people, Lord, and and use it as an opportunity, Lord, to draw family and draw different ones closer to you, Father. I pray that you will somehow in this situation move for your glory, Lord. Lord, we commit that family and that situation to you. And Lord, the different needs of the lady in the hospital. I pray that Lord, you'll move on her situation, Lord, once again for your glory. And and and Sister Liz, ask for for this lady that's about to cross over. Lord, I just pray that you'll move right there and and allow that to be a an easy transition, Lord, and be with that family. Once again, bring comfort. Lord, you know every need. Lord, you know every situation, Lord, as we stand here today, Lord. Not only did you see, but you provided, Lord, and we've assembled today, Lord, and we're and we're looking for the answer for our need. We're expecting you to move in our life, Lord. And Lord, only you can come to a place like this and take a message and divide it just so so it speaks to every single person that's sitting here, Lord. I just pray you'll have your way. I pray you'll heal today and deliver, Lord, and rekindle fires that have burned low, Father, because truly we know that we're at the end of time, Lord. Your prophet told us that this bride would not be lukewarm, Lord. So, I just pray today that the fire in every heart be rekindled, Lord. May it just be a blaze today. May this whole place be a blaze, Lord, as our licks of fire, Lord, just come together and burn brighter than ever, Lord. May you just burn out all the draws and speak to each one of us and allow us, Lord God, to be lifted into heavenly places. Lord, we commit every need and every situation into your hands now, Father, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. I want you to turn around, welcome each other to the house of the Lord. Amen. Just you have a visitor next to you, please make them welcome. Amen. Ask the brothers they would take up the offering today. Amen. Just give us unto the Lord. Amen. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh yes, [Music] Lord. And live inside of me. You're the living [Music] water. You're the living water. Never drying [Music] fountain offer. Take control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] We are in your presence. Fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power and live it. You're the living water. You're the living water and never drying [Music] fountain. Coming take control. [Music] Oh welcome Holy Spirit for we are in your presence. Oh fill us with your power and we lift our hands. Oh we lift our hands to worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one, come into the temple and hold us in your arms. Welcome, Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. [Music] Fill us with your power. Hand me one more time. Welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Your power and live inside of me. I'm a pilgrim and a stranger wondering through this old world of sin. But I'm on my way to that fair with the saint always the same. Yes, Lord. Oh, [Music] [Music] mar. Oh, I [Music] know. My life is free from sin. River souls open for me when the saints go maring. Oh [Music] s go maring. Oh Lord I know I'll be in that number. The saints go maring and when we gather around the throne with me I'm going to be shouting. Oh glory glory when the saints maring. Oh, when the saint Oh, when the saints go maring. Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go maring in. I am waiting for. I'll be free to swing low and I'll step right in on the clouds. I'll rise to heaven. When the saints go maring with the Yes, Lord. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. I [Music] know I'll be in that number. Go maring. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints go maring, Lord, I know I'll be in that number. [Music] Hallelujah. We let you be seated this morning. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the pain. All my sin and shame in love. You came and you gave amazing [Music] grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace worthy is the lamb. [Music] seated on the [Music] throne. We crown you now with many crowns. You reign victorious. I am lift to love. Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven or crucified. [Music] Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Oh, thank you for the price you paid. carried all my sin and shame. Oh, in love you came and you gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Oh, thank you for the nail pierced hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Oh, I know your forgiveness and [Music] embrace [Music] worthy. Oh, the lamb. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, we crown you now with many crowns. You reign. I'm so glad you reign victorious. You are high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, the maker of heaven, crucified. Oh, worthy is the [Music] lamb. Worthy is Let's do that one more. Thank you for the cross. Oh, thank you for the cross. Yes, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. What a price. What a price. Oh, bearing all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love Lord. Oh thank you Jesus for the nail pierc hands. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know your forgiveness and embrace so worthy. You are worthy Lord. Yes Lord. Seated on the cross. Thank you Jesus. With many crowns you reign, you reign victorious. You are high. You are high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh the maker of heaven, crucified. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the [Music] lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. [Applause] Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, seated on the throne. Aren't you glad about that? Oh, we crown you now with many crowns. You reign. Oh, you are high. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Son of God of [Music] heaven. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Hallelujah. He's worthy of our praise. You are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God depended on any old man. You are not a God in need of anything we can get. by your plan. That's just the way it is. [Music] Oh, you are God alone from before time be. You are on your throne. You are God knowing right now. You are one of your God of all. [Music] You're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name praise will never end. You're the only God who is worthy of everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way it is. Oh, and you are God alone. Oh, you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right [Music] now you are on your Oh, you are God alone. [Music] You're the only God whose power none can contend. You're the only God whose name on it never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way it is. Oh, you are God. Yes, you are. You are all your throne. You are God alone. Oh, and right now the good turn. You are on your throne. You are God alone. [Music] Oh, unchangeable, unshakable, unstoppable. That's what you are. That's what you are. Oh, unchangeable. You are unshakable. Oh, unstoppable. That's what you are. Hallelujah. Is he God alone this morning or is he not God alone? Is he still on the throne or is he still or is he not on the throne this morning? Is he a healer and deliverer? Is he not a healer and deliverer? Is he your God? Is he your only God? Is he God alone for you? That song does something to me cuz I don't know. I get in some bad times but he's still God. Hallelujah. He's not just God in the good times. He's not just God when he's on the mountain top or where we're on the mountaintop. When we got everything going our way, all the bills are paid and the health is good and kids are doing it. He's still God. It doesn't matter what situation you're in this morning. Come on, somebody. We serve that kind of God. That's still God. Whether you're sick, whether you're well, whether you're poor, whether you're rich, whether you're having a good time, whether you're having a bad time, whether you're in the valley or you're on the mountain, he's still God. Whether it looks like all is well or it's not all well, he's still God. Is he your God this morning? Is he your God this morning? Hallelujah. Is he your God this morning? Hallelujah. Well, let's stand to our feet this morning as we welcome the word, amen, into our midst and say, Lord, you're unchangeable. You're unshakable. I might be shaken, but you're unshaken. I might change, but you're unchangeable. The world around me might change, but my God doesn't change. Oh, it gives me comfort this morning to know that. Gives me comfort to know that no matter what I'm going through, he doesn't change his mind about me. Hallelujah. He's God alone. I said he's God alone. Let cancer know our God is God alone. Let depression know my God is God alone. He's unchangeable. He hadn't changed his mind about me. He ain't changed his mind about you. He loved you all before. He still loves you today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many is ready for the word this morning? Let God come by my way and speak to my heart. Change my heart. Oh God, I I need some change. I need my attitude changed. I need something change. Whatever it is, I want to be changed. But God, I'm so thankful. You never [Music] change. Hallelujah. Oh, you are God alone before time. You are. Yes, Jesus. You are God. Oh, and right now. And right now, in the good time or the bad time, oh, you are on your throne. And you are God. Oh, unchangeable, unchangeable, unchangeable, unstoppable. [Music] As much as you are unchainable, you are unshapable. Unstoppable. That's what you are. And you are God alone. Before time began and you are God alone. And right now right now in the good times and bad you are on your you're on the throne and you are God alone cuz you're my God. Amen. Can you declare that this morning? He's my God. He's my Lord. There is no other. Amen. Today I give myself a new to him. Today I'll offer up a sacrifice of praise. I'll love him from the depths of my heart. I'll worship him because there's no other one worthy. Amen. Lord, we love you today. We thank you today. We welcome you, oh God. We are asking that you'd minister to our hearts, Lord, today as as we minister back to you, oh God, as we give up us an offering, a sweet smelling offering, an offering of praise, of adoration, of thanksgiving because you are worthy, because you are our God and there is no other. We ask Lord your blessings upon your people today. Those that are in need, those have situations of God in their lives. Lord, a late minute prayer request coming in for one saying, "We got car trouble and and then in a desperate situation, will you just help them, Father? You care. You care even about small things. You care about the big things. You just care about men. For your eye is on this pharaoh. And I know you watch us, Lord. I ask now that you'll minister to hearts today, as we come to this communion service, as we come to this time of fellowship with you, of renewing our vows, of of having a re spiritual renewing. I pray Lord that you'll speak, Lord, that you'll open up the hearts and lives of men and women today and place your word within it. And Lord, let your life flow then through them. Oh God, we ask in Jesus name. Now Lord, as we approach your word, we've we have done this with sincerity. We have we've made preparations for this moment. Lord, we spent hours here just looking into the word, seeing the prophetical word for our hour and what you're doing for us today. I pray Lord that now as we step into the anointing Lord believe that we were anointed when we when we studied and we sought out the word and for the in the mind of God but now Lord this is different. We step into an anointing, Lord, not of study anymore, but where the word now will go forth in power. And I ask that you will anoint it today. And that you'll anoint the hearts of your children to receive and the speaker to speak. Lord, only your word. Hide us behind the cross. And we say nothing that would be wrong, Lord. Nothing that the that we'd have to go back and correct and make right. that Lord that we would have spoke the mind of God. We're asking it in Jesus name. Bless your children today in your presence in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. How many loves the Lord today. Amen. What a wonderful savior that we have and what a wonderful privilege we have of serving the Lord together. God willing, on Tuesday, I'm going to be flying out to um flying out to brother Wayne Lawson's and we'll be gone for a week there. So, keep me in prayer and uh brother Aaron is traveling out today. Brother Joe is is gone and brother Timothy's going to be minding the store. So, you know, we are just trusting God will just um use him for God's glory. I know he will. Amen. and you'll be blessed. Amen. Amen. Let's sing the song. It's Jesus on the inside working on the outside. What a change in my life. How many's glad for that change? Well, it's Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life with Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. And oh, what a change is in my life. One more time now. Well, there Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. And oh, what a change is in my life. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Thank you. I It's so wonderful to look over the congregation and see lives that have been changed in his presence. Amen. And if you have been changed, well, I don't think God leaves us there, but he will change us from glory unto glory. Amen. So, just expect him to change you until that sudden change when you receive that sweep that goes over you and you're changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Amen. Let's turn to Leviticus chapter 23, verse 15 for our scripture reading this morning. And we're going to keep with our theme there. Who art thou great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain and the headstone because we are coming to a harvest season which is the head of all harvest seasons shall bring forth with shoutings said crying grace grace unto it. Now Leviticus 23:15, "And ye shall count unto you from the tomorrow after the Sabbath, from the day that you brought forth brought the sheath of the wave offering, seven Sabbaths shall be complete. Even the tomorrow after the seventh Sabbath shall ye number 50 days, and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto the Lord. And ye shall bring out of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals. They shall be of fine flour, and they shall be bacon with leaven. They are the first fruits unto the Lord. And you shall offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, and one young bulock and two rams, and they shall be for a burnt offering unto the Lord with their meat offering, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire of a sweet savor unto the Lord. Now turn with me to Luke chapter 13 and we'll read a New Testament scripture. Um and this is where Jesus is giving parables. And remember in these parables are they they are prophetical. They are uh things that he is showing that would be in the in the future kingdom to come. And we're not talking about something future now because the kingdom has come which is the Holy Ghost. Amen. for the you know that that um you know it's again it's not the kingdom of God is not meat and drink but it's righteousness peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. So the kingdom is the Holy Ghost. And again he said where unto shall I liken the kingdom of God? So he said what shall I compare the kingdom of God with? And he said, "It is like leavenan which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal till the whole was leaven." Amen. God bless you. Can be seated. And if you want to, you can turn with me to Matthew chapter 13 and we'll read from verse 36. I'm just going to read a couple of scriptures here that we will be referring to so that you will have them uh here. I want these to be in the forefront of your thought as we minister today on this. And um Jesus told us that to that the end time would be a harvest of what was planted at Pentecost. Now, you may not realize it, but when he was counting the 50 days from the waving of the sheath after the Passover uh and and counting the 50 days, that conclusion of 50 days was Pentecost. Pentecost simply means 50. So again, you know what was planted at Pentecost? We're coming now to the harvest season of that. We have come since the Passover, since Jesus was our Passover lamb 2,000 years ago, we have come through seven church ages. And so we are now, you know, at another harvest cycle or shall we say another Pentecost. This is the day that we're in. This is the hour when all types now are being fulfilled. So, Matthew 13:36, then Jesus sent the multitude away, and went into the house. And his disciples came unto him, said this, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field. And he answered and said unto them, he that sweth the good seed is the Son of Man. The field is the world, the good seed are the children of the kingdom, but the tears of the children of the wicked one. So, two crops coming forth. The enemy that sowed demise the devil. The harvest is the end of the world which we are standing at now. And the reapers are the angels. And as therefore the tears are gathered and burned in the fire, so shall it be in the end of this world. Then we'll go to the book of Revelation. I love this scripture here. Verse 14. Chapter 14 verse1 14. And I looked, and behold, a white cloud, and upon the clouds one sat like the Son of Man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle. And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the cloud, "Thrust in thy sickle, and reap, for the time is come for thee to reap, for the harvest of the earth is ripe." And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his sickle on the earth, and the earth was reaped. Now, so we are living in the hour where the harvest is right now and the process that brings the final crop to the harvest began as we said seven church ages ago. It is not a sudden work but it's a divine process that was set in motion by the son of man himself which is Jesus Christ. Now in his parable of the swer, Jesus the son of man revealed that he is the ser. He is casting the incorruptible seed of the word of God into the field um which is the world and that seed he said is the children of the kingdom. No. So you see it's the word being sowed but yet it's the children of the kingdom sons and daughters of God who are part of him part of the word and predestinated before the foundation of the world who come to full maturity in him in this last days. But if you notice, while men slept, the the enemy came and Satan was sewing his own seed into the field. And the tears, Jesus said, are the children of the wicked one. The weed and the tears would grow together throughout the ages. But a time of separation would come, and that time is now. It is the time of harvest. And to understand this clearly, we we must see God's harvest cycle. Now, in ancient Israel, the the harvest calendar wasn't just agriculture. It was prophetic. God was actually prophesying things as as he would, you know, set these feasts. And he would command Israel to gather at Jerusalem for three major feasts. And each aligned with a a distinct harvest crop. And each was revealing his eternal plan. And these feasts were more than a festival. They were a prophecy of future events. Now, I want you to get used to looking at the word of God as prophetical, as being fulfilled in this hour rather than just, oh, it was just a tradition that was passed on to the Israelites many, many years ago, and this is what they did, and and this was about them. No, this is about you. It is about the end time process, and God will use this to foreshadow things that will happen in the last days. Now first of all that there would be the barley harvest and that would there would be the first fruits that would be brought forth and the first the first feast then was Passover and with it came the barley harvest. It was the earliest crop and this harvest represents the Old Testament church. The saints who looked forward to the coming of the Messiah Jesus Christ. He was the head of the body. He himself was the first fruits of the resurrection. And as a wave sheep offering was lifted on that morning after the Sabbath, resurrection morning, Jesus himself as the first sheep, the first fruit of the barley harvest, rose from the dead, and he was way before heaven and declaring because that I live, you shall live also. and the Old Testament uh saints rose with him and the first harvest was gathered in. So we can look in Matthew chapter 52 and 50 27 verse 52 and three and the graves were open and many of the bodies of the saints which slept arose and came out of the grave after his resurrection and went into the holy city and appeared unto many. Now, what you get to picture? One resurrection and rapture has already passed. One harvest has already been done. The barley harvest has been completed 2,000 years ago, but God has something else in mind. And that was a gentile bride for his name's sake. Amen. And so as the priests that morning, that resurrection morning, the the the Israelite priests, the Jewish priests going to the temple in Jerusalem, as they went through the tradition of waving the sheep before the Lord, God waved his son, the resurrected Christ, the first fruit of the harvest, and declaring the rest of the crop, the souls of his redeemed would surely follow. Amen. Now, as I said, that harvest is passed. The Old Testament saints have been resurrected and glorified, thus raptured together with Jesus. I tell you, if he could do it once, he can do it again. That's one thing we have to look back and see. If God would resurrect the Old Testament saints at the end of their harvest season, then God's certainly going to have a resurrection here at this end of the harvest season. If he lifted up and raptured a people, amen, 2,000 years ago, he'll do the same again. And as he finishes up the harvest of the world, we're living in that time, friends. Now, you see, these things were shadows in the scripture. They were foretelling something that was going to come, and approaching an approaching reality, the positive that would come. And and so God spoke to Moses in Leviticus 23 that we read and gave him the instructions for the feast of weeks, Pentecost. It was, as I said, a prophetic shadow to come. Um you see these feasts marked the wheat harvest. Now we go to a different crop. We have a distinct crop, the barley. Now comes the wheat. And this one points to the New Testament church. Now it began with 120 in the upper room, but it is now ripened through the ages. Seven church ages, seven weeks of sewing and growing until now. You see, the feast of Pentecost, it it really paints a a powerful picture of God's divine calendar, his appointed times where every every feast pointed to a future fulfillment in Christ in his church. And here God will command them, now I want you to count seven Sabbaths from the day after the Passover leading to Pentecost. This is a feast of weeks, a celebration of first fruits. It's not just of grain this time, but it is a spiritual people. And so, I want you to count seven full weeks from the day after the Sabbath and then offer a new grain offering. You see, we're not we're not dealing with the barley harvest anymore. That's the old harvest. And the Old Testament saints have risen. They have already been glorified. They will not even be in our rapture when the saints appear. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob will not appear with them. They're just the New Testament saints. We will meet them at the marriage supper. They have already been raptured. Amen. Now, so he said says, I want you to see this now as he's saying count seven weeks. You see, this was not just a feast. It was a mystery. It was a prophetic unveiling of the of the of the church written across time itself. It was seven Sabbaths. God's perfect number foreshadowing seven gentile church ages, all leading to a divine crescendo, a double portion offering of two loaves. Now remember I went through it the other day and I I want you to get this from again you know he didn't offer a a sheath of grain you know with with all the stock now the stock don't get weighed the she doesn't get weighed only the refined grain and it has been what ground and become a meal offering and that is waved before the Lord. Now I want you to see something here. This time it's not it's not even uh just the meal but now that meal that meal now has become two loaves here. This time he requires it to even go a step further than just the meal the raw meal weighed. Here he's going to weigh two loaves of bread. Now there is a a mystery that lays here. There is a spiritual significance. God doesn't do this just for to take up a place in the Bible. He he he does something very important here. Now, brother Brandham acknowledged the significance of this when he speaks of the sheath to be waved in the last days. And you'll find this in question answer 64. And I'll just quote this one sentence. Remember there the sheath turns into a loaf of bread after that time. So now notice this wasn't a sheath of raw grain. No, this was grain beaten, sifted, purified, and then baked by fire into two living loaves. Now you ask me, two loaves? Yeah. Two distinct groups. That's right. Jew and Gentile. Wrought by the same spirit, quickened by the same life, and now offered up in the last days as one glorious harvest unto the Lord. And then this climatic hour, he waves them both, not hidden, not secret, but before the eyes of the watching world. This is his testimony. This is his witness. You see, Israel has been reathered to a land of promise. And likewise, the bride had to be called out. Amen. Separated from the denominations and drawn back to the original word and back to the foundation of the apostles and the prophets, back to the pillar of fire, back to the glory and the power of God. Amen. You see, we are not here today longing for the days of the apostles. We are living in them again. Amen. The same spirit, the same power, the same quickening life that was there is now here. The same outpouring of the Holy Ghost. And at the feast of Pentecost, God instructed the people to bring these two loaves of bread with leaven. Oh my. It's a type of two of the church comprised of two groups, Jewish and Gentile. Not sin this time, though, but life. You see, the denominational world looks at this and say, God's going to wave a church that's still got sin in it. He's going to wave a church that still got imperfections in it. and this is going to be his church and he's going to wave that that with their imperfection, with their sin, it's just going to lift them up. No church, that ain't it at all. That's the fallacy of false religion because they teach you that you cannot live an overcoming life, that you cannot live above sin. So, you just got to have it. It's going to be with you until the end. But I'm I'm going to show you in the scripture by the scripture that that concept is wrong. You see at the feast of Pentecost, you know, God instructed them to bring it with leaven baked with leaven comp a church comprised of two groups Jewish and Gentile believers. Not with sin in it, but life, power, rising power, transformation power. What is that? It's a type of the Holy Ghost working within a people who were once dead but now have been made alive that are filled with resurrection power. As I said, it began with Jewish apostles in the upper room but across time that call went out to the Gentiles and it culminated in a gentile bride. And this leaven in the loaves is often as I said by denominationalism they theologians associated with sin and and and most of the time I admit you know levan is a type of sin most of the time it will be used as a type of sin and it's not accepted in worship but here it takes on a deeper meaning yeah throughout the church ages you've had false doctrines and unbelief and the lev of man's traditions were all mixed in but in this end time these two loaves with leaven takes on a different meaning. This time in the time the leaven also speaks of something powerful and positive. Life is life within the loaf. Amen. And that's why Jesus said, "The kingdom of heaven is like, the Holy Ghost is like leaven." Amen. Which a woman took and hid at three measures of meal till the whole was leavened. Amen. The kingdom of God is the Holy Ghost. And his dominion here is typed as leaven. It's likened to leaven. Levan lifts the bread. It gives it power. It gives it strength. And that leaven, believe it or not, is the Holy Spirit hidden in the hearts of the elect raising them up out of the power of sin and have raising them by the power of the revealed word until they've reached the full stature of Christ formed in them. Amen. Amen. You see, Levan is used in this type to represent the Holy Spirit whose inddwelling presence raises us up spiritually and empowers the church and causes the body of Christ to rise into maturity and unity and witness. Just as natural leaven works quietly and internally and powerfully, the Holy Spirit works within the believer in the body to bring growth and life and power. What is it? It's from glory to glory. He is changing you. Amen. As you grow in his might and his power. Oh yeah. As a spiritual picture, the rising of the leaven bread at Pentecost, it it points to the rising body of Christ and the power of the Holy Ghost. It begins at Acts chapter 2. It continues today until we have come to the harvest feast at the end of the seven ages. And here we are at Pentecost again. I know, I know people don't want Pentecost anymore, but we have arrived back at Pentecost. Amen. We have come the full cycle. The grain has went from head to head. Amen. From Pentecost back to Pentecost again. Amen. You you see you see the Holy Ghost is what raises the bread. It's what raises the church into power. The Bible said in Acts chapter 1 and 8, but you shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you and you be witnesses unto me unto the uttermost parts of the earth. And the church was powerless until the spirit came. the Holy Ghost within the church. It caused the church to rise and boldness and and preach with clarity. They had a mission, amen, of deliverance and and they rose in the in revelation of the word as the word was revealed to them. Amen. You see, this marked the birth of the church as a living, spiritual, spiritfilled entity. Think of that. So the leaven here is not sin but quickening power. So Romans 8:11 says, "If the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he shall also quicken your mortal bodies." By his spirit that dwelleth in you. So the resurrection power of the spirit not only raised Jesus, it quickens us. Amen. Do you think about it? We receive the same Holy Ghost that Jesus received. Amen. The same the same anointing, the same spirit of God. Amen. The And of course, this applies to us as individual believers, but collectively to the body of Christ. It's not just going to be one or two filled with the spirit. The whole body is going to be filled with the Holy Ghost. where the church rises from sin and from spiritual death into the newness of power and life. Amen. This is why we tie it back in with something that has been a theme of mine here in recent days. Ephesians 2:5 and six where we are raised and seated with Christ that even when we were dead in sins, he hath quickened us together with Christ and has raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places. You see the the Holy Ghost within the church is is that which gives rising to the dough to the church. The church is spiritually resurrected and is elevated by the spirit's work. And we we experience this by spiritled living. Think about that. It's also the manifestation of the spirit. You see the spirit is if it's if it's dead, if it has no life in it, you know, if it's something like you, you know, you women know if your baking soda gets old, your bacon powder, you know, can can run out of ability to raise the the the dough, right? And when you got to have something fresh, well, with this fresh anointing, there's a manifestation. Amen. You get the right level of the spirit in the church and you'll how the as the Bible said the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. So through the church or through the spirit rather the church is gifted and activated and the gifts cause the body to function and to grow and to operate in power. And so in that church will be healing. In that church will be prophecy. In that church will be wisdom. In that church will be discernment. Somebody help me preach. In that church will be miracles. In that church will there be the power of the spirit. Amen. Oh, this is why he says in Ephesians 3:16, he said that he would grant you to be strengthened by his might by his spirit in the inner man. Amen. Notice this. Strengthened with his might by his spirit. So the spirit infuses a church with spiritual strength with depth and revelation and the result is the church rises in love and unity and and and the ability to work in the supernatural realm. You know when with leaven it's the gaseous air that caused by the yeast that makes the bread to rise, right? It's the air, the breath of the spirit that makes the church to rise. Amen. Th this is shown even of a church that is rising a prophecy of you in this last day as well as Israel in Ezekiel 37:9-10 where he says, "Come from the four winds, O breath, and breathe upon these slain that they may live." And they stood up on their feet and a an exceeding great army. I know this is an Old Testament scripture, but it's a prophetic scripture of the picture of the church. Amen. As brother Brad said, in Christ the mystery. If I could just get over here to the those valley of dry bones. Amen. Here, Christ revealed in the church causes a church to rise to his feet with the spirit of God, the breath covenant to the church, raising the dead. Amen. the scattered bones of uh that we were scattered throughout denominationalism and come into a living powerful army of God. Listen church, this is this is a a a prophecy a prophecy of of God's empowerment of the spirit which he promised to do in this last day. And this happens in the end time both in the gathering of the Jews and the bride back to the homeland of the word. I want you to follow this thought. The Bible tells us in in 2 Corinthians 3:17, the Bible tells us that it's from glory to glory. Look at what he says. Now this Lord is that spirit. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there he is. not bring them back in bondage again. Liberty. Amen. And what is it? We are changed into the same image from glory to glory even as by the spirit of the Lord. So the Holy Spirit causes the church to ascend. Remember this is this is another theme of mine. You know, we're not a part of the fallen world. We're fallen we're part of a rising church. Amen. How else is that church going to rise except by the power of the Holy Ghost? Amen. It won't be another theological teaching. It won't be a new way of psychology. No, it'll be the power of the Holy Ghost rising that church up. Amen. Cause uses to ascend spiritually from one degree of glory to another. that transformation power is going on and is and right now and it's causing a people to rise upward and and become a powerful church. Amen. A mighty army, an invincible army. Amen. One with a with a fire that the devil can't extinguish. Amen. Micah ver chapter 3 and verse 8 said, "But truly I'm full of power by the spirit of the Lord and of judgment of might." So you see, he said, "I'm full of power by the spirit of the Lord." And so it gives us the boldness. It gives us the authority that is given by the Holy Ghost for you to speak, for you to lead, and for you to act righteously to do the right things. You see, the Holy Spirit causes the church to rise in power. Are you with me? In resurrection life. Amen. You who are dead and s and trespasses. You've already risen in heavenly authority. You're seated in heavenly places in gifts and operation of the spirit. Every one of them still belongs in the church in glory, boldness, and transformation. In revelation, as the mystery truths are restored and revealed, that's the day we're living. It's a day where we are moving upward. We're not falling. Come on, church. Amen. you you I can remember my mother, you know, years ago, you know, or my wife, you know, baking a cake and, you know, when you when you look into it, you're careful not to bump it too hard. Amen. Why you way it'll lose the the rising, it'll fall flat. Amen. I'll tell you, the devil's doing everything he can to bump this church. Amen. To get the spirit out of it. To get the Holy Ghost keep from moving in the church. Amen. To keep the joy of the Lord from overflowing. Amen. The devil doing everything he can to bump it. But God said, "I'm going to offer. I'm going to have an offering of bread in this last day." And they'll have the power of the risen Christ in it. So yeah, we're more than just a gathering of people. We're more than just another denominational group. Look, a great historian, David Harold, he wrote books, you know, about the end time movements and gave his assessment in his book, All Things Are Possible. And he said, I believe what I we are witnessing and what we are seeing with the move of this message in this last day is another denomination rising. I say that ain't it. It's not another denomination. Come on. It's not another movement that's going to fall flat. Hallelujah. It's not a people that are going down. Amen. It's a people that will defy the cycle of revival and death. Amen. Who be changed in a moment. There will be a spirit empowered body rising continually under the influence of the indwelling Holy Ghost. I I'm telling you, church, don't don't look to fall. Look to rise higher. Well, the shout will go out of the camp. Oh, just wait until the revival dies down. It's just another revival. It's not another revival. This is end time harvest. And God has said, I'll have those that are leavened. Oh yeah. I admit there's two kinds of leaven. One kind the leaven of sin. It was not allowed in worship. This is why only unleavened bread was served at the Passover because Jesus is our unleavened bread. He is the sinless Messiah. How many believes that? And when Paul wrote to the church and the Ephesians, he said, "Don't you know a little yeast or a little leaven permeates and leavenvens a whole lump, the whole batch of dough." You see, he used fermenting yeast to illustrate how one sin will lead to another in a snowballing effect. And Jesus warned against 11 of the of the organized religion of the Pharisees as as false doctrine contaminates the church as it's done for the past seven ages. And these doctrines are are are workings of devils that produce a contaminated woman. Read about her in the Bible. She's a blemished church. He calls her the great She has daughters that are harlots. They're contaminated, spotted by the world, rejected and marked by God as mystery Babylon, the great the mother of harlots. That's right. Right. So you see the loaves offered at Pentecost in the harvest of the seven ages cannot represent the bride with sin of leaven. Why, brother Tim? because he will present to himself a church without spot, without wrinkle or blemish. So if he's going to present loaves, come on. It won't be loads with sin in it. That's right. Come on. Amen. No. No. And he will present himself a church without spots, without a wrinkle, without a blemish or any such thing. A church says a virgin to the word that he'll present to himself an unblenmished, undefiled woman. And I want you to know, you have already been declared that you are the sinless virtuous bride of Jesus Christ as one filled with the Holy Ghost sealed to the day redemption. So this leaven in this bread is not sin but it's a righteous leaven the Holy Spirit within her that causes her to rise in glory and power and is way before the Lord. Amen. And this is a message of restoration. And it makes us to stand on very sacred ground this morning. Oh yeah. On on the prophetic threshold of understanding the glory that was poured out in Pentecost. And that understanding is now to understand that it is now the same glory pointed out poured out again in this Pentecostal harvest time. The day of Pentecost, it was a divine moment. It was where heaven kissed the earth and the fire of God descended with power filling sons of God with deity. How many believes that? And oh yes, there were I want to say what this something to in this feast there is more than bread. I want you to notice we read several things, but there's more than bread at this feast. There is wine. The the wine of the covenant, joy, and the spirit of the living God, is also accompanies this wave offering. So now Joan pictures this harvest time as a result of the latter rain. because of the latter rain. Now remember remember this latter rain is raptured faith and and as a result of that where God pours out his spirit there is a restoration back to the original grain again. So the latter rain comes to give it the final push to come to perfect maturity. Now, if you look at Joel chapter 2 and verse 24, I want you to notice in the restoration where he says, "I'll pour out my spirit." And the floors shall be full of wheat. God says, "I'm going to have a crop." Amen. Amen. I'm going to have a crop. I'll have a bride in the end time. It shall be full of wheat, and the fat shall overflow what? with wine and oil. So, not only is there in the celebration the bread, but in this harvest celebration, the wine of God is poured out as a drink offered to him. Now, this is another powerful type. It's a a shadow that's speaking to us this morning. You you see leaven or yeast once again it reveals the work of the spirit for at Pentecost it wasn't just bread offered. Oh no there was another element another sign another witness the drink offering the wine poured out before the Lord is an offering made by fire. Oh my God. Can't you see it this morning? Amen. There's got to be wine in this harvest season. At Pentecost, what stood before heaven and earth was not just a ritual, but it was a prophetic revelation. Look back in the scripture. It's really portraying of this last day. You see, two waves or two loaves way before the Lord, Jew and Gentile. Now bear with me as I go through this. These Gentiles and Jews becoming one offering in the harvest season. 120 120 Jews were in the upper room. That's one loaf. Come on. And mysteries are mysteries. There's another loaf. Another people And this was so unexpected in that day. Nobody knew the Gentiles would receive grace. And so the res as a result of the spirit falling, the Gentiles were brought in. Now I want you to see this. At the house of Cornelius, there was a supernatural visitation of an angel instructing the gentile cent centurion to go get Peter to come from Japa from the house of a man of s Simon the tanner and for him to him to come and to tell them the way of the truth. And God at the same time after this vision comes to Cordelius at the same time Peter gets a vision. You know he's hungry and he lays down for a little bit and he breaks out into a trance a vision and God is preparing him to receive some visitors because as a Jew he will not associate with Gentiles. You remember he even had trouble with this in the book of Galatians. Paul rebuked him for it. He said because you know when the elders wasn't around, you ate with the Gentiles. But when when James and them came around of the elders, you know, the Jewish elders, you withdrew yourself. Remember, he had trouble with that. And God was preparing him for a a breaking revelation that there was another loaf that was going to come out and it would be a gentile loaf that they too would be the bread of the Lord. That's right. And so, you know, here here he has a a vision of of of a a sheep that is brought down from heaven. And on it is all kinds of beasts and wild animals and unclean things. And he's given the instruction, slay and eat. And it it ascends and descends three times because that's going to represent the three men that are going to be coming at his door. And so as he as he looks at it, he said, "Not so, my Lord. I I have never eaten that which is unclean." And God said, "Don't you call what I call clean unclean." Amen. Oh, no. I I've got an elect. In fact, in a matter, I've already sent an angel to him. I've already prepared him for your coming. Come on. And there as he comes out of his traps, there's a knock at the door and three men stand at the door which are Gentiles says, "Come to the house of Cornelius because we've had an angel visitation." Oh my. The Bible said in Acts 10:45, let's read it. And you know, as we look at it, remember when he gets there, he tells them of the way of truth of what God has done. And the Holy Ghost falls on them. And they Yeah. The Holy Ghost falls on Gentiles. This is unbelievable to these Jews. We're the only ones of the covenant, not of the new covenant. In the new covenant, there's two loaves. Come on. I'm going to show you in the scripture now. And there's going to be two loaves. And they and and when they come together and the Bible said while Peter spake these words the Holy Ghost fell on them which heard the word. Amen. Oh brother Tim you know it was without sensation. They didn't even know it. That's not what happened. Verse 45. And they of the circumcision, referring to the Jewish believers, which believe were astonished, as many came with Peter, because that on the Gentiles also was poured out the gift of the Holy Ghost, for they heard them speak with tongues and magnify God. And then Peter answered and and said, "Can anyone forbid water that these should not be baptized which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we?" And when he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord, the Lord Jesus. Amen. Because there's nowhere in the book of Acts that anybody was ever baptized other than in the name of Jesus Christ. This is the apostles formula. Now, I want you to turn with me to Ephesians 3 and 4. Paul picks this up. And remember, he calls himself the apostle to the Gentiles. And in fact, he gets this he gets this point where the the gospel is being rejected and he said from now on I'll turn to the Gentiles. So here he now turns to formed this other loaf. Now watch Ephesians 3 and:4 whereby when you read when you read may you may understand my knowledge when you read you may understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men other ages we didn't know this but it's now revealed to his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit here's a fresh revelation we just got that the Gentiles should be fellow hes and of the same body and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel. Oh, here comes a revelation. There's another loaf. Amen. A gentile body, a people of believers. Somebody help me preach now. Amen. So, it's a part of the mystery to the Jews that the Gentiles would be brought in. Amen. And God had already foreshadowed it many years ago with two loaves. Amen. Now, we're going to deviate just for a moment, and we're going to we'll come back to the two loaves, but I want to talk about this yeast a little more because alongside the two loaves was wine and fire. Oh yeah. Wine symbolic of the spirit. Fire the sign of his presence. It was the birth of the church that as I said the union of heaven and earth the infilling of the Holy Ghost. And how is wine made church? Anybody know? By adding yeast lemon to the pure juice of the grape. Huh? And what does that wine become in the divine language of scripture? It becomes a symbol of the Holy Ghost, the fermenting lifegiving power that transformed the natural into the supernatural. Amen. So on that Pentecostal morning, God poured out his spirit like wine, ignited it with fire, and brought for the church a living offering of both Jew and Gentile, filled and baptized and consumed by the Holy Ghost. That's right. I say, "Glory to God." Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. The wine of the fire to go with the bread. The Bible said in Acts chapter 2 and verse 13, others mocking said, "These men are full of new wine." And Peter stood up and said, "These are not drunken as you suppose, seeing this is the third hour of the day." Oh, no. This is not this is not natural wine. You see, on the day of Pentecost, the offspring of the spirit caused the disciples to speak in tongues. Amen. It caused them to rejoice. It caused them to exhibit behavior that made onlookers think they were drunk with new wine. Oh, brother Brandon will describe this time and time again of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. He even talks about Mary and he said Mary the mother of Jesus was in the in the upper room and she standed like a drunk woman and spoke in other tongues. She got all excited about what she received. Come on somebody. And he said you'll never get to heaven without the same experience. I don't know how we reduce it today just to some kind of intellectual knowledge and acceptance of some truth. Let me tell you, if you really accept the truth, it'll be fire in your bones. Amen. No, sir. It made people think they were drunk. It was new wine. But it wasn't a literal drunkenness, but it was a spiritual infilling. It was so powerful. It was liberating. It was overflowing until it affected their speech and and gave them boldness. You You see that? And Peter will correct the crowd here and say they're not drunk with natural wine, but this is a heavenly intoxication. Oh, if you ever drink it, Amen. Nothing else will work. That's right. Amen. You will go the rest of your life just wanting another drink of it. One drink ain't enough. Amen. You want another drink and another drink and another drink and every day you want to be intoxicated by the Holy Ghost overflowing in your life. You see new wine that becomes it becomes the metaphor for the Holy Spirit's fresh outpouring and it fulfilling Joel's prophecy of Joel 2:28 where he said in the last days I will pour out my spirit. It's the drink offering. Ephesians 5:18, Paul makes a direct correlation between the two, makes a comparison and he says, "And be not drunk with wine wherein is excess, but be filled with the spirit." So he he he makes a deliberate contrast here. He said, "Don't seek natural intoxication. Instead, be filled." And the Greek there is continually filled. Come on church. What about you mosback Christians that had an experience many years ago? Is it time for another drink? Is it time for another refilling of that same spirit? Yes. I I'm telling you again as he says here in the Greek continually filled with the Holy Spirit. Don't be drunk with wine. Be filled with the spirit. Amen. Paul tells us that the the Holy Spirit's influence. He gives us a joyous overwhelming liberating effects that it's it's is similar in appearance to drunkenness. But it's holy. It's righteous. It's empowering. It's lifegiving. Come on. Amen. It It changes your life. It transforms your thinking. It changes your vision. This is what happened at Pentecost. They were filled with the spirit. The new wine, it changed their thinking. It changed their being. It made them speak heaven's language. And when it's poured out today, it brings the same joy and power. It's no different. Amen. It works on the people in this day just like it worked on people 2,000 years ago. Come on, brother and Tyson spirits many years ago. He said this. He said, "What we need to do is come back to the guide book, back to the word of God. This is the word of God. This blessed old Bible." Well, I'm afraid to become that, Brother Brown. I'm afraid I'll lose some of my joy. What's the matter? He said, "You don't know what joy is." And I'm just telling you, if if you've never drank this new wine, you don't really know what joy is. Well, I get real satisfaction out of my cigarette. And you know, hey, it just gives me a great feeling after my meal. Yeah. It's death. Well, I get great great joy out of uh, you know, it just relaxes me with my wine and it just it just gives me a merry heart. You know, when when I drink alcohol, you hadn't tasted this. There ain't no comparison to this joy. Amen. That that wine will wind you. Come on. They paint it as a picture of of a of a woman laying there dressed in black and and you know her orals 92 or whatever it is that that she's drinking and and you know she she's just living the life but they don't show you the old sod stacking out with spit all over her mouth and ragged laying out in the gutter. They don't show you a trunk. They don't show you the end of it. That's right. Amen. Let me tell you that that wine of the devil will destroy your life. That's right. That alcohol will ruin you. It'll get a hold of you. Yeah, it's addictive. But so is the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is an addiction. Amen. Once you get a shot of it, you want some more. Once you get a taste of it, you got to have it again. Amen. Once you ever got drunk, you want to do it again. But you lose your cares. You you you love everybody. You're with friends with everybody because why? You have the Holy Ghost. Brother Brandham, I'm afraid I'll lose some of my joy. What's the matter? You don't know what joy is. And I said, I don't condemn the drunkard for going out and getting drunk. He's all moody. He don't know. He gets up in the morning, he's got the blues, a hangover, goes and gets him two or three bottles of beer. Goes out, gets him some whiskey and all that kind of stuff. The little cigarette sucker sets back and smoke and blow it through his nose like he was a freight train. That's all he knows. That's all they know. That's all they know. He said, "I don't blame him. That's all the joy he knows. That's all he knows about. He's a pig by nature. And he says, "Shame on you who profess to be a Christian and rely on such things for joy." When the Holy Ghost gospel is nothing but one great big powerhouse of joy. The Holy Ghost is the perfect intoxication for every man that's got the blues. You'll take a drink of the gospel of Jesus Christ, be filled with the Holy Ghost, you're drunk until you leave this world. Amen. Joy, unspeakable, full of glory. It's a constant stimulation. It's a constant intoxication. Drunk day and night. Amen. That's the word of God. Hallelujah. I tell you, why don't you try this? Why don't you try this new wine? The other leads to death. Get a hold of this new new wine is lifech changing. It'll change your mood. It'll change your attitude. But let me tell you, there's a secret about this. You can't put new wine in old bottles. You see, Jesus taught this powerful truth in Luke 5:37. No one puts new wine into old bottles, else the new wine will burst the bottle, be spilled, and the bottles shall perish. But new wine must be put into new bottles. This is the gospel. Now, to grasp this, you're going to have to understand that you know that in Jesus' day, a bottle wasn't a glass. It was a container made of animal hide. It wasn't when and when it was new, you know, the skin would be soft and flexible and full of natural oil. But over time, the hide would dry out and would harden. If you poured new wine, this fermented wine into that old brittle skin, the pressure from the wine's living expanded nature would cause the bottle to burst. It would ruin both the wine and the bottle. Right? And that's what Jesus is talking about. New wine represents the living word of God, alive with the spirit, always moving, always expanding. Come on. I know some of you got duds in your bottle. Come on, I'm saying it. I know some of you got dud in your bottle. It has no fizz, has no life in it. But I'm telling you, this new wine, when it comes into a bottle, it expands. It pushes out. It grows. It moves. Come on. It don't become dead. It's a living. It's living on the inside. There's something alive in that wine. Amen. And the old bottle, what is that old bottle? Well, it's a rigid formal intellectual system that can't stretch to receive the move of God. It's religion without oil. It's formed without power and it cannot contain the living Christ. Amen. Now, you can pour water or dead tradition, man's theories into an old bottle, but not wine. When wine has life, it pushes. It swells. And when God pours out his spirit, his new wine, he needs new vessels. Amen. New vessels. Come on. You You can't come You just can't come over and bring your old your old ways and your old self. Come on. You're going to have to be made new by the Holy Ghost. And what the holy when God pours out his spirit, his new wine, he needs new vessels. Not just people turning over a new leaf. Well, I'll quit smoking. I'll quit doping. I'll quit drinking just to pick it up again. No. No. You know, not a not not a church offering psychology classes on how to deal with sex sin and porn habits. That's not revival. That's not renewing of the spirit. No. No. That you see that's a resolution that most cannot keep. Amen. The church doesn't need a faceelift. It needs a new birth. That's right. Amen. God isn't pouring out his Holy Ghost in the stiff, dry, dead theological systems. He's looking for hearts that are made new. people who are flexible, who are anointed with the oil of the spirit, vessels that can stretch with the word of God. And when the new wine says Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, the bottle is it expands. It pushes out and say, "Amen." Hallelujah. And it stretches to receive that word. And when the word said, "By his stripes, I'm healed." Amen. The new Bible doesn't analyze it to death. It believes and it shouts out, "Hallelujah." Amen. Now, old bottles will crack. They will crumble. They will rupture because it cannot hold the new wine. They say the days of miracles are passed. The Holy Ghost is just for the apostle and it spews out. and push it right out of the out of the church. Healing ended with the early church. That's an old brittle cowhide trying to contain the living God. You can't force new life into a dead tradition. Amen. Come on. You only make a mess. You You lose the wine and you'll ruin the vessel. That's what's the matter with too many around. You remember in the Bible, what is it? Acts chapter 15 and many of the Pharisees which believed. Do you ever notice that in the scripture where they were arguing over circumcision and was wanting to keep the church under legalism instead of seeing the grace that was given and the spiritual circumcision you had to have. Is somebody with me? Amen. And and he said he said many of the Pharisees which believe said we got to obey the law of Moses. You see, they were trying to bring the old religious system in and mix it with the new message. They were Pharisees which believed. How in the world did Pharisees get in the new church if you' really got born again? If you'd really got spiritfilled, you wouldn't have been a Pharisee. I'm going to ask you, how do we still have Baptist and Methodist and Presbyterian and Catholicism in the message? You hadn't died to your own system. That's why you think the Holy Ghost is just when you believe because you never died to that Baptist theology. The Holy Ghost comes after you believe. After you believe you were sealed. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? Amen. No wonder they're losing the new wine. It's all drained out. There's too many churches across the country, too many message churches that have lost the wine. Oh, even tonight, don't lose your wine. Amen. Let's have flexible bottles all by the Holy Ghost that can expand out. But on the day of Pentecost, did you notice God had 120 brand new bottles in that upper room? He had washed them in the word. He had softened them with faith. He had emptied them of tradition. And they stood them up right on their necks to open up to heaven. And when the Holy Ghost fell that when that new wine came rushing down, it filled them to overflowing. Hallelujah. They couldn't sit still. They staggered out of that room like drunk men. Oh man. Drunk on the heavenly wine. And Peter declared, "This is that. Here's the word being fulfilled. Well, I'm telling you, there's a people in this day going to fulfill the word. They're going to have new wine. They're going to be a part of Jo's prophecy where the spirit is poured out. That's the bride's revival that God wants. Not an intellectual revival. That's the church that God is building. Not a cold edifice filled with intellectuals, but a body baptized with fire. That's what I say this morning. Baptize uses again, Lord. You did it once, you can do it again. I've had a sip of it once. I want a greater sip today. Amen. You I'm here with my neck open, my bottle turned up, but I'm reaching toward heaven. And I'm saying, "Fill me with that wine from heaven. Fill me again with the Holy Ghost. Let the power of the spirit come. Can I say amen to the word of God? Wow. When that 120 bottles, if you you hear brother Brandon talk about it, he says they bounced out of that upper room. Amen. They were full of power. New wine bubbling up, expanding that bottle. And he said they bounced out of that upper room and and they were speaking heaven's language for they were filled with heaven's atmosphere. And when one of those battles passed by, a crippled man in the gate called beautiful. Just a touch of that new wine brought healing. And that man leaped to his feet praising God. Hallelujah. I I want you to get it, church. If it gets a hold of you, it'll bounce right in your life. It'll bounce you right out of sin, out of habits of the world. Amen. It will not be a reformation. It'll be a transformation of the power of the living God. Hallelujah. It won't be an intellectual revival. It'll be a spiritual renewing. It'll be joy unspeakable and full of glory. God's message and God's order has not changed. The power is the same, but he will not pour out living wine into a lifeless form. He's looking for new bottles, hearts that still have oil that can move, that can grow, can receive. And when the word and the spirit meet in such a vessel. The result is power and healing, deliverance. And let me tell you, joy unspeakable and full of glory. So I'm telling you, if you just been living in an old fried skin, trapped in religion or drained by tradition, I'm telling you, exchange it. Amen. You know, we got a system with our propane bottles over here. You know, when when you When you get it and it gets all run down and it has no more power or life in it anymore and it's all been used up, what do you do? You just exchange it for a new bottle. I'm telling you, we need a a bottle exchange this morning where we get rid of the old fra. Amen. Let the Holy Spirit come be alive in the church. Be powerful in the church. Transforming power changing us from glory to glory. Hallelujah. Cuz when he finds a vessel that is ready, Amen. then goes to the wine and the vessel will be preserved for the master's use. But I'm going to warn you. I'm going to warn you, just as there's two kinds of leaven, there are two kinds of wine. There are two cups being offered in this prophetic hour and every soul will drink from one or the other. There is the wine of God, the wine poured out of Pentecost, the wine that flowed from the pierced sight of Christ to the hearts of believers. This is the wine of the new covenant. It's sealed with blood. Amen. It's the spirit of truth. It's the joy of salvation. It's infilling of power. It's the life of Christ within. And this wine will intoxicate you with righteousness and fill you with with a holy boldness and sanctify you with a fire and burn sin right out of your life. It brings a joy and a peace and the authority to walk in holiness. It's a lifegiving truth revealing Christ exalting wine. But then there's another wine. It's a corrupted wine and it's seductive, intoxicating abomination. This is a wine of mystery Babylon, the great the one who rides the scarlet beast. The Bible in Revelation 17:2, "With her the kings of the earth committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication. This wine is false doctrine. It's spiritual compromise. It's religious harlotry. It's worldly intoxication. It's the wine of deception where where truth is traded for lies and where purity is polluted for sensuality and loyalty to Christ is prostituted for power and pleasure and politics and and this this wine doesn't bring life, it brings death. For the Bible said in Revelation 18:3, "For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication." Listen, folks, you're either drinking from one cup or the other. That's right. If you ain't got new wine that you're drinking, you're drinking the other wine. Oh yeah. There's only two spirits at work in the world today. That's God's Holy Spirit and the devil's spirit. And this wine, it drives nations mad. It corrupts churches. It defiles hearts. It's the wine of rebellion. So, well, I hadn't yielded to God yet. Rebellion. Come on. Oh, yeah. Why? Rebellion against the word. The word tells you what to do. Repent. That's right. Turn from Amen. It's a wine of self-exaltation. You know, my own desire, well, I I want to do this. You see, of counterfeit religion, of a religion that just let you live any kind of way and be a church member is an antichrist, anti-holiness, anti-truth. I'm asking you, the wine of God or the wine of Babylon, the cup of communion or the cup of confusion? The spirit of truth or the spirit of seduction? Are you with me? Amen. Amen. One cup leads to eternal life. The only the and only one cup will fill you with the joy of the Lord. Only one cup. The other ends the destruction, judgment, and the fire. And the Bible calls it, and you have heard the call. Many of you sitting here today, you have heard the call. Said, "Come out of her, my people." Well, you said, "But I come out of denomination, brother Tim." More than that, come out of that sin. Come out of that unbelief. Leave it behind. Be filled with a new wine from above and receive you the Holy Ghost. Be drunk on the spirit. Let the fire of God consume every false cup. Yes. And I want you to see something. God gives a warning. God, the lamb, the lamb himself. We love to talk about the lamb opening the seals. We love to talk about him being the redeemer. But I want you to understand there's a cry that comes from the midst of the throne found in Revelation 6 and verse six. And listen to it. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts. Now, not from the four beasts, but from the midst of the four beasts, say, a measure of wheat for a penny, and a three measures of barley for a penny, and see that thou hurt not the oil and the wine. What the Holy Spirit gives a warning to us in this last day. Whatever you do, That's right. Don't stop the oil and don't it. This is a lamb himself speaking out from the throne. And he gives a warning. The voice is speaking. As I said, not just any voice. It's the lamb himself speaking. Not one of the four beasts, not an angel, but the lamb, the redeemer, the one seated in the center of it all. And he speaks to that rider on that black horse. Stop just for a minute. Where are we? I want to tell you, the pale horse has not began to ride yet. It doesn't ride until the bride leaves. Oh yes, we can see changes. We can see the winds have changed and we can see how it's changing and whatever, but right now it's still the black horse riding. Did you know that? The last one will be an amalgamation of a combination of all the other colors, the red, the white, the black, all together as a pale. Not any certain color, but a combination of them all. So, it'll be it'll be the Antichrist is impersonator. Starting out as the white, it'll be with blood, with persecution, and it'll be with black. darkness just before when the bride goes up then he becomes in his full ride as the pale. Right now we know there's a change being made because the fourth living creature the eagle has already said come and see. So, we're in that in that moment where it's changing but not changed. So, it's still the black horse riding. And I want you to understand when he comes here, he comes and what does he do? He he is trying to hold back and sell the the the bread that measure wheat for penny and measure barley. But listen, the one from the throne says, "But don't you hurt the oil and wine. It's going to be necessary for the harvest feast. It's going to have to be there for rapture. So now he speaks to that rider on the black horse which represents spiritual famine and religious corruption through the dark ages. What does he say? Don't you touch see that you don't touch the oil and wine. You see what's happening today? They don't care how revelated you are. You can preach mystery truths all you want to, but if somebody shouts in the spirit, if somebody would dare speak in other tongues, if someone dare with if a church would dare exhibit the joy of the Lord, what happens? The enemy wants to try to touch it. God said, "Don't touch it. Don't you touch it. It's going to be here. I'm going to have a people in this last day that are going to have the spirit moving in it." That's right. Come on, babe. Don't you touch something like hurt not the oil and the wine. Watch. In other words, you can go out and pedal your lifeless doctrine. It's that you know, you want to do that, go ahead. You know, you want to measure out your creeds and tradition and your dead ritualistic religion without emotion. Hello Amen. It's dead. Your prophet told you it was and I Yeah, you'll pay for it. But when you come across my wine and oil, you keep your hands off of it. Don't you hurt it. Don't you defile it. It's mine. This is very straight. Yeah. He's saying, "If you happen to catch some of my little flock, those is filled with my oil, the Holy Ghost, and my wine, and the joy and revelation on my word. Don't force them to say a Hail Mary. Don't chain them to your dogma. Don't entangle them in some lifeless system. Don't take the power out of their worship. Somebody help me preach. Everybody say, "They belong to me. They know who they are. They know where they're going. They're anointed and they're walking the joy of my promise. And I'll raise them up again. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, what does oil and wine represent? The oil is the Holy Ghost, the anointing, the life of God, the believer. The wine is the stimulation that comes by revelation. Now, I'm going to tell you, there's a lot of people calling things revelation. And I know it's not. It's intellectual knowledge because it don't have no fizz in it. There you go. Come on. Amen. There's no power behind it. And had to give classes in psychology to get rid of pornography out of out of the young men and women. Shame on them. That's right. Amen. When the wine of the Holy Ghost would give them that satisfied portion and you wouldn't even want that anymore. Your desires are heavenly. That's right. So the oil is the Holy Ghost, the anointing, the life of God, the believer, the wine is the simulation by revelation, the joy, the power, the overflowing praise that erupts when the spirit quickens the word. Amen. You know that writer, he could sell wheat and barley, natural substance, symbols of religious teachings that are void of the spirit. But the spiritual oil and wine was forbidden territory. Don't you touch that. The Catholic Church in that age began selling salvation, charging for repentance, offering prayers for money, charging for what Jesus gave freely through, you know, they were selling obedience, they charging for masses, they were trying to buy spiritual life, but the lamb drew the line. Amen. You can traffic your lifeless religion all you want to, but don't you touch my spiritfilled ones. Don't you temper with that real joy and the anointing of the Lord. Don't you touch it. Don't you take the shot of the king from the midst that belongs to me. This is my offering. And with my offering of bread is going to be wine and oil. the power of revelation and the joy of wine. When the promised word is revealed to the believer who is filled with the oil of the spirit, something explodes on the inside. Revelation brings stimulation. Just like wine affects natural men, revelation energizes the spiritual man. Amen. That's why I said it's not. It's just carnal interpretations. It's just lifeless theology. It's dead. Come on. It's dead. Dead dead men give out dead sermons and dead sermons kill. Come on. Amen. Exactly right. But when when a believer who filled with oil, Amen. receives a promised word revealed to him, something explodes. Revelation brings stimulation. Just like wine affects the natural man, revelation energizes the spiritual man. That's what happened in Acts two. They waited in the upper room until the Holy Ghost came until the fire fell. When the promised word was vindicated now, and when that happened, joy burst like a river. And they weren't drunk. as the world suppose they were under the influence of divine stimulation because God had revealed mystery truths to them and poured it in their heart. When that happened, Peter said, "This is that." You see, that revelation turned fearful men into into bold witnesses. It lit a fire that the world cannot extinguish. the stimulation of revelation. Let me tell you, when David got a glimpse of it, he got a glimpse of the revelation of the resurrection, his cup overflowed because he saw the promise of life beyond the grave. He said, "You'll not leave my soul in hell. Neither will you let my holy one see corruption." And his heart rejoiced. And again in in 2 Samuel 6, when David saw the ark, the word returning to Israel, he couldn't contain himself. Amen. Oh no. He danced. He rejoiced because the word was being restored. Amen. How do you know the word's being restored? Watch the actions of the people. Hallelujah. Amen. And you say, "Well, brother Tim, the first time they danced and whatever." Yeah, they because they brought it on an ox cart the way the denominations had done it. But when it was brought on the shoulders of the priest like the word said and the word kill was restored properly. Amen. They danced in the spirit, they shouted, they rejoiced. Why? Because the word was coming back. And you tell me we can't rejoice because the word has been revealed. You see, that's what happens when the true word is revealed and vindicated. The believer gets stimulated with joy. It's new wine. It's not tradition. Is not intellect, but it's the living word exploding in the soul. Amen. Now, as we look at this, I want just just to sum it up by saying, don't touch the oil and the wine. It belongs to the lamb. He paid the price. He poured it out and now it lives in his bride. Now I want to go back now for a moment as we conclude this message that these two loaves what they represent to us. As I said they represent the gentile bride the overcomers who receive the full revelation of the word in this hour. And they also represent now here it is here's a mystery for the last day. You remember mystery in that day. The mystery in that day was that there was going to be the Gentiles. The mystery in this day, we know Gentiles are going to be saved. That's no mystery. We've been knowing that for 2,000 years, seven church ages. But now, what's the mystery? The Jews are going to be brought back in. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. They're part of the waving in the last day because they're part of the end time harvest. I want you to get it. I want you to see the whole picture now because the Jewish remnant, the 144,000 are sealed by the Holy Ghost in the time of Jacob's trouble in the tribulation period. Now turn with me to Revelation 7 verse one. I want you to see this slow. We know the Gentile. And after these things I saw four angels standing at the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor the sea, nor on any tree. These are winds. These are wars of strife. And he holds it back and said, you know, don't destroy the world until something happens. And I saw another angel ascended from the east having the seal of the living God. And he cried with a loud voice to the four angels to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea, saying, "Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed," the servants of our God in their foreheads, and I heard number them which were sealed, because all Israel is not Israel, and all of them are, you know, every Jew that goes over there to the promised land says, "I'm I'm a I'm I'm a Jew." is not going to be there. is an elect. Amen. And I heard the number of them which were sealed. And that was sealed 144,000 of all the tribes of the children of Israel. 12,000 out of 12 tribes. Now go to chapter 14 verse one. And I looked, and lo, a lamb stood on Mount Zion. Oh, I thought the work of the lamb was over. No, the lamb still continued. That's right. But now redemption is for the second loaf. And the lamb stood on Mount Zion and with him 144,000 having his father's name written in their foreheads. Now this is a great mystery in this last day. A lot of a lot of people didn't know about the restoration of Israel. They don't know of what the promise is. They think it's only for the these certain gentile people. But I heard a voice as a voice of many waters, as a voice of great thunders. I heard the voice of harpers harping with their hearts and they sung as it were a new song. Oh, this is the same thing that happened to the bride over in Revelation 5. They sing a new song before the throne and before the four beasts and the and the elders. And no man can learn that song, but the 144,000 which were redeemed from the earth. And these are they which were not defiled, watch the wording, with women, for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb wheresoever he goeth. These are the redeemed from among men. What? Being what? What? First fruits unto God. So they're also first fruits unto God and to the lamb. And in their mouth was found no guile, for they are without fault before the throne of God. Now I'm just stopping just for a minute. If this is a description of them, then it's the same description of the other loaf because it'll be people who are first fruits redeemed from among men that follow the lamb wherever he goeth and their mouth is no g where they are without fault before the throne. That's you. These are virgins. Did you notice virgins in the God showing they are without sin? They are sealed with the Holy Ghost. See, they don't have leaven or seam in them. They are filled with the spirit. These is this is the Jewish loaf that God will wave in the last harvest when they receive their Pentecost. Because you you know if you look at Revelation 10, did you ever notice? I tell you what, give me Revelation 10. Give me the last verse of Revelation 10. Let me look at it right here. We all know thou must prophesy again to every nation, kindred, tongue, and people. Right? Amen. Now watch. He had just received a book from the angel. Give me Revelation 11:1. Revelation 11:1. And there was given to me a read like a rod, and the angel said, saying stood saying, "Rise and measure the temple of God and the altar, and that worship in them. And it's a certain measurement, 144,000 that are saved. Verse two, but the court which is out the temple, leave out in the measure of it, measure it not, for it's given to the Gentiles, and the holy city they shall tread under it for two months. Next verse. And I will give power to my two witnesses. What power? The same power that we got in the upper room to my two witnesses. Where are they getting it from? the angel. I'm telling you, that's why Revelation 10 is our Pentecost. And that Pentecost continues right on and it causes them to prophesy. So the same anointing that anointed a bride comes on the Jews. The same Holy Ghost. Are you watching? Now this is prophetical. Watch. It's beautiful as we look at it. 2,000 years ago, think about it. 2,000 years ago, the Jews as a nation mocked and rejected their Pentecost. Now, the Gentiles are dead. They went into tribulation for 2,000 years for mocking Pentecost. These others, the Gentiles will go into tribulation, the great tribulation for mocking Pentecost, for rejecting Pentecost. The outpouring of the spirit, the stimulating wine. Watch now. I want you to get this. 2,000 years ago, they mocked, rejected their Pentecost. But in this harvest season, God gathers 144,000 and seals them with the same Holy Ghost you get. And they are caught up. Listen to me. They are caught up and raptured. Do you know there's a rapture after hours? I can show you in Revelation 11, but I ain't got time to it. But in Revelation 11, when the two prophets are killed, they are raptured and caught up. Amen. And let me tell you, the the the 144,000 are in the millennium with us. And how could they get there without a rapture? That's right. Amen. So, you see, they get sealed with the same Holy Ghost you get. They're caught up. They're raptured with us. They're raptured and are with us in the millennium as attendance to the bride. that other loaf. And the same is true now of the other loaf that represents the gentile bride. The leaven in the loaf doesn't speak of corruption. It speaks of quickening life. It's a hidden influence, a divine energy, the spirit of God working within the meal until the entire church has risen with life. For the bride is not mixed with sin, church. She is a pure virgin to Christ, as I said, without spot or wrinkles. She's sealed by the Holy Ghost. She's raised by the power of the word. She's lifted into heavenly places. And so is the Jewish remnant, sealed by the same spirit, awakened by the call of the prophetic trumpets, and together they are presented before God, the final wave offering of this dispensation. So, we're here today and we're standing at the end of the seventh Sabbath and the harvest is fully ripe and the two loaves representing the Gentile bride in the Jewish remnant are being offered and we're at the climax of the ages. We're we're in a time of prophetic fulfillment. And isn't it wonderful? Isn't it wonderful to see that at the same time a gentile bride is waved as an offering of leaven bread before the Lord that God also redeems an elect out of Israel. Now go to Romans 11:25. For I would not, brethren, that you should be ignorant of this mystery. Now I want you to know this mystery. We already got the mystery of the Gentiles coming in. But let's get about this. This mystery let you but should be wise in your own conceit that blindness in part is happen to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles has come in. So when the fullness of the Gentiles she is harvested. Amen. Then the blindness that is lifted from Israel. Watch. And so all Israel shall be saved as as it is written there shall come out of Zion to deliver and shall turn ungodliness from Jacob. And for this covenant unto them when this is my covenant unto them when I shall take away their sins. So here we stand. Here we are. and you are witnessing the reathering of Israel to her homeland. You're seeing fulfillment of prophecy all around you. We see the pope rising out of America. We see Chicago getting there the one, you know, because they rejected the voice that God sent. We we see we see the woman rising in power as it was prophesied both in the natural and also the spiritual side of it Catholicism Catholic church wormed her way into the cabinet and we see Israel in her homeland and reathered at the same time of the bride back to the word. Isn't it amazing that Right at the same time, right in the same time, right in the same decade, as an angel was appearing to a prophet for the last gentile message that Israel was reathered back to her home land because the two are united together as a waving in the last So we stand here today and I'm talking to a people that have been gathered harvested. Some of us are still being refined. My mother years ago, we don't do it no more. I guess they refined the process. My mother when she'd bake her biscuits, she'd run it into a sifter. That sifter would be shaken. And parts of grain that didn't get brown enough don't go in the bread. It don't get baked in the fire. loses out. Don't resist the grinding. Let him purify you. Let him cleanse your life. Let him let him refine you until you're refined flower filled with the Holy Ghost rising in power. You can't be flat. this offering. What cup are you drinking from? Are you drinking the wine of the Would your mind of wine is okay? intoxicating yourself with things of the world, with drunkenness, with natural wine, with alcohol, with dope, everything until it changes your mind and your visions and gives you that a false joy that only leads to death. Would you come drink of this wine? It's the wine of the Holy Ghost being poured out in this last day. How many would say, "Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up. Let the musicians come right now. Here's my cup. I lift it up. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. And this bread of heaven, feed me. I'm so full. Some I'm so full, Lord. I can't I want no more. Till the desire is quenched, till the need is fulfilled. Come quench the thirsting of my soul. Can I get you to stand with me just for a moment? How many say, "Lord, I I want to have my the neck of my bottle turned up to you. I want to be oiled with faith in the promise of the word. Lord, I want to be filled with the spirit. I want to be an offering to you in this last day of a bread filled with the spirit. Now today we'll come to this table and we will take of the unleavened bread because it represents Christ without sin. [Music] But in this last day, he'll wave a people who are filled with the spirit, cleansed, washed, purified. Maybe you don't understand the grinding. Oh my, I've had some grinding that just ground my heart to pieces. Hurt in ways I didn't think I could hurt. that is purging me, bringing out something in me. That wine, I want to be filled with his spirit, a new, a fresh. Come into this communion table. Today is a time of reconsecration and dedication and say, "Here I am, Lord. Here's my cup. Fill it up. Let's worship the Lord as we sing it. Oh, feel like [Music] a great thirst of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I no more [Music] like me. Feel my Oh yes, Lord. I lift it up, [Music] Lord. I'm quench thirst my soul. Bread of [Music] heaven before [Music] I fill it up and make me whole. Feel my cup. Feel my cup. [Music] Oh yes Jesus lifted [Music] up this thirst of my soul. [Music] Bread of [Music] heaven till I won't no [Music] more and make me whole. [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain. [Music] Saturate my thirst. My thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup. [Music] Heal my heart. and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, like the rain. saturate my thirst so coming fresh on me. Feel my cup again. Heal my heart and make me. I need you now for your spirit. Lord, I seek [Music] you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. [Music] How I need your [Music] touch, my dry. [Music] Oh yes. Thirsty for your love. [Music] Lord forgive me if I wonder. Oh, you are all [Music] come and make me. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] Saturate saturate my soul. Come and fall aresh Lord. Oh heal my heart. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now for your spirit. Oh Lord I seek you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. Oh, I need your [Music] touch. Find my [Music] tri. [Music] Yes. For your [Music] love. Lord forgive me if I wondered. Oh, you are all. You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. and pour your spirit out of me. Oh, fall. [Music] My thirst, my thirsty soul on me. Oh, my Jesus. Oh, I need you now. I need you. I need you now. Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, saturate my thirst. Oh, come and fall fresh. Feel my heart and make me whole. I need you, Lord. I need you. I need you, Lord. Pour your spirit out and pour your spirit down on me. Oh. Oh, yes. She saturate my Oh, I have a thirsty soul. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. [Music] [Music]
