################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - Faith in Your Eternal Quality - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on April 30, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-30
Title:   Faith in Your Eternal Quality - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on April 30, 2025
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mniRL0fInoc
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heaven [Music] Father, you are lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Heaven Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. As I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise, into your sanctuary, till I'm standing face to face. I look upon your countenance. I see fullness of your grace. I can only bow down and say you are awesome. Oh, sing it now. You are awesome. You are awesome in this place. Heaven Father, you are worthy of all praise. Give our lives we praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Let's sing the first verse again. As I come into your presence, pass the gates of praise to your sanctuary. Till I'm standing face to face. I look upon your countenance fullness of your grace. I can only bow down and [Music] say you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. of a father. You are worthy of our praise. You are lives we praise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Have a father, you are worthy of all praise. You are lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. F. I give myself away. It's an F. [Music] That's our desire tonight. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Oh, here I stand. And Lord, my life is in your hand. Oh Lord, I longing to see your desire in me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. I give myself away. [Music] Give myself away so you can use me. Oh, take my heart. Take my heart. Oh, living sacrifice. Lord, all my dreams, all my Yes, Lord. I will place them in your hands. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, my life is not my own. To you. I belong. I Oh, is that how you feel tonight? My life is on my own. I belong. I give myself I give myself. Oh, I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself [Music] away. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You all together love me. Walk together worthy. We walk together one. [Music] Go to the key of G. Amen. How many's had a good day today? Looking for a better evening than you had today because we were out in the world, but we've come and we're going to shake that off. Sometimes it's like, you ever hear that expression like come on your fingers or come on your shoe? You're just trying to get it off. Well, I say we stand to our feet. We sing a good old gospel song. This world is not my home. We're just passing through. Our treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. Well, this world is not my home. I'm just passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the angels from heaven. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, I have nothing like you. If heaven's not my home, then I do the angels back at me from heaven and I can't be at home in this world anymore. They're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. I know he'll see me through and I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, I have to pray like you. Heaven's not my home. And Lord, what will I do? The angels beckon me from home in this world anymore. will live eternally. The saints on every hand shout in victory. The soft [Music] sweet in this world [Music] [Music] anymore will I do? [Music] [Applause] heaven. Let's sing that last verse again. us over in the glory land. We'll live eternally. The saints on every hand they're shouting victory the songs of [Music] sweet back in this world anymore. Oh, you know I have to like [Music] my angels back from heaven and I can't hear that. Oh, sing it again. Oh Lord, you know I have no like you not my own. What will I do? Ain't no second me from heaven to feel at home in this world anymore. Bill, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Singing glory [Music] hallelujah. But my Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound. But my Jesus set me free. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Singing glory hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that my Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad my Jesus lifted me. I'm so glad Jesus lifted me. I'm singing glory hallelujah. Will Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that my Jesus set me free. I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. Why don't we give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight? Glory. Amen. Has he set you free? Has he lifted you up? Amen. And it's good to be here tonight gathered with you. As you can see, there are some that weren't able to make it. The storm's kind of rolling through and it's knocked out some lights. I said, "Well, the lights are on here." So, but they couldn't make it. So, we'll just remember them in prayer this evening. We certainly want to remember those that are sick at home or sick away and just uh needing a real touch from the Lord. Ask brother Joe if you wouldn't mind open the opening the service for us tonight and you want to make the announcements [Music] too be here this evening it's great to be in the house of the Lord we have the grave side service for sister Anna Hollis will be this Saturday at 11 o'clock at Patna Cemetery near Hope Arkansas and I'm sure brother James would appreciate any and that could possibly attend. If you'd be there, that'd be great. Talked to brother Ben Coleman this just a few actually about 30 minutes ago. He recovered from the surgery, doing fine, but he's in a lot of pain. Just asked for prayer. And then we just also want to remember brother Kenny Camp in prayer as well. And then u Jason Tagger, brother Jason put a prayer request in for Hunter. He he had had a seizure last night and so he's not feeling well today. Lizzy Grace Hall is also at home suffering with sickness. How many you would have a need this evening? Just lift that need up to the Lord in prayer believe. And I was listening to a sermon this evening was just saying if one or two can just agree on touching any one thing. One or two touching any one thing you could have whatsoever it is you ask for. So we're going to believe that tonight. We're going to touch the hem of his garment and believe. Father, we bow our hearts and our heads to you, Lord. Lord, the Bible would tell us that we look to the heels once cometh our strength. For our help cometh from the Lord. So Lord, we don't look to man. We don't look to doctors even though we appreciate what they provide. Father, we look to you tonight, the author and the finisher of our faith, the giver of every good and perfect gift. And Lord, we know that you formed and fashioned these bodies, Lord. And there is a certain process in which they should operate and work. And the enemy has come in, Lord, and has afflicted many people, Father. And tonight, you see little Hunter Tagert having seizures. But Lord, we curse that in the name of Jesus tonight. And we're going to believe, Lord God, because we're believers. And believers believe in the supernatural. They believe in the word of God. And you said if one or two will agree as a touching any one thing, then we can have whatsoever things we desire. We're agreeing for that young boy, Lord. He can be delivered from these seizures, to never have another bout with it, Father, to not have any remedy or any affliction to follow him. We're believing for the supernatural God who formed and fashioned his body in this universe that we live in to come down in a special way even tonight as the prayer is being made. May you go to him, Lord, and touch him in his body. Lord, not only him, but brother Ben there in the hospital room, recover from this back surgery. God, may you just remove the pain that he's under, Lord. And may you, God, just intervene for him and take all the suffering away, Father. We pray for Brother Kenny Camp, Lord. You see the need, unspoken request there. We just commit him to you. Lord, you see his heart's desire. God, move on the scene in a supernatural way there. Lord, we pray for Brother James Hollis, lost his precious wife. We pray you'll comfort him, the family. Lord, just continue to watch over them tonight. Father, Sister Ruth Puit at home sick, Lord, touch her tonight. Many others, hands lifted all over the building tonight. Father, may you just come on the scene and touch every heart, every life, and minister to every knee. Lord, tonight, we just commit it to you, Lord. Bless Brother Timothy, Father. He would come and just share what's on his heart tonight. Break the bread of life to us, Lord, as we come to your table to feed and to dine. God, may we not go away empty, Lord. May we not go away, Father, without our heart's desire being met tonight. But may you speak, Lord, expressly and intimately to us. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. In your [Music] presence, that's where I know your presence. Oh Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your face. touching your Oh, it's hidden. [Music] In your presence. In your presence, oh God. It's in your presence. as the brothers take up the offering tonight. In your presence, oh Lord my [Music] God, in your presence. [Music] Oh, speaking your touching your bra. I'm hidden [Music] in in your presence. In your presence, oh God. It's in your presence. [Music] It's in your [Music] presence, my God. In your [Music] presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your face, judging your grace. As sister Laura comes, sister Laura heard you. In your presence. In your presence. Oh, just sing it one more time. Oh, it's in your [Music] presence. That's where I am strong. In your presence, oh my God, in your presence, that's where I belong. Seeking your way, touching your gra in the clap of the [Music] rock in your presence. Oh God, I bless you as you have your seats tonight. [Music] I [Music] know you wish I could tell [Music] you and valleys You have led me through and it's only by your grace I'm standing here today. I'm a witness to your faithfulness in storm [Music] ince. And no matter what the future holds, you're working it for my good. I know you are faithful and I never walk [Music] alone. My life is all that you've healed and all that you've done. I can't forget. So even if my life doesn't go the way I hope, our history shown. You've never failed me. I'm a witness to your faithfulness in every storm, in every step looking back. Never once did you let me go. And no matter what the future holds, you're working for my I know you are faithful and I' never walked alone. I never walked alone. [Music] You go behind me and before [Music] me and no one can separate [Music] me with no matter what the future holds You work it for my good. I know you are faithful and I never walk alone. I never walked [Music] alone. I never walked alone. [Applause] [Music] Every time I think of your kindness, every time I'm singing your name, Jesus, I never thought my life could look like this. I give thanks every day for your amazing grace. And God, I'm in love with who you are. You are the bright and morning star. You fill me with joy inside of my heart. You bless me. You bless me. When I look at how far you brought me, nothing I could do to when I was a [Music] sight because you love me first. And God, I'm in love with who you are. You are the bright morning star. You fill me with joy inside of my heart. You bless me. You bless me. Oh, when everything seems impossible. You are my peace through every stor. You are the God of mirales. You bless me. You bless [Music] me. Thank you. Hallelu. Thank you. Hallelu. Thank you for all that you have done. Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelu. Thank you. Hallelu. Thank you for all that you have. And God, I'm in love with who you are. You are the bright morning star. You fill me with joy inside of my heart. You bless me. You bless me. And when everything seems impossible, you are my peace through every storm. You are the God of males. You bless me. You bless me. Oh, and God, I'm in love with who you are. You are the Shining more than you me. You bless me. You bless me. When everything seems impossible, you are my peace through storm. And you are the God of [Music] miracles. You bless me. You bless me. Hallelujah. Why don't we stand together this evening? Let's give him thanks tonight. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. You've blessed us, Lord, with all blessings, all glory and honor. Hallelujah. Oh, let's sing it tonight. Are we a thankful people? Yes, we are. I want to say thanks tonight. We say thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. I am so my soul has found rest. Oh Lord, [Music] thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. I am so blessed. My soul is bound rest. Oh Lord, I give you. Oh, I just want to say [Music] thanks. I give you thanks for all you. I am so glad. My soul has found rest. Lord, I give you thanks. Hallelujah. I believe we ought to be thankful for God that's rich in mercy that came down and claimed us for his own and called us out. I I believe we ought to be thankful tonight. Thankful we're not living in sin and not knowing who we are, but we've heard his call upon our lives and have something within us to respond to his call. Amen. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we come to you tonight, Lord, with our whole heart. Lord, we truly are thankful, Lord. Thankful Lord to be a child of God and be called by your name Lord and to have Lord the mark of approval upon our lives Lord. What a wonderful thing that is Lord. We ask you that you'd help us this evening. Speak to our hearts. Touch us Lord by your presence. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You turn to Ephesians 1. Ephesians 1 and verse three. Amen. I just went ahead and had to put most of the scripture down because it's such a wonderful scripture and I believe it pertains to us today. Ephesians 1 and verse three says, "Blessed," I'm going to read out of the amplified if that's okay. "Blessed and worthy of praise be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in heavenly realms in Christ. Just as in his love he chose us in Christ actually selected us for himself as his own before the foundation of the world that we would be holy that is consecrated and set apart for him purposedriven and blameless in his sight in love. He predestinated and lovingly planned for us to be adopted to himself as his own children through Jesus Christ in according with the kind intention and good pleasure of his will to the praise of his glorious grace and favor which he so freely bestowed on us in the beloved his son Jesus Christ. In him we have redemption, that is our deliverance and salvation through his blood which paid the penalty for our sin and resulted in the forgiveness and complete pardon of our sin to in accordance with the riches of his grace which he lavished on us in all wisdom and understanding with practical insight. He made known to us the mystery of his will according to his good pleasure which he purposed in Christ. with regard to the fulfillment of times, that is the end of history, the climax of the ages, to bring all things together in Christ, both things in heaven and things on earth, in whom also we have received an inheritance, a destiny. We were claimed by God as his own, having be been predestinated, chosen, appointed beforehand according to the purpose of him who works everything in agreement with the counsel and design of his will. So that we who were were the first to hope in first to hope in Christ who first put our confidence in him as our Lord and Savior would exist to the praise of his glory. In him you also when you heard the word of truth, the good news of salvation and as a result believed in him were stamped with a seal of the promised Holy Spirit, the one promised by Christ as owned and protected by God. In other words, he put his stamp that he owns you and that you're protected by God. The the spirit is the guarantee, the first installment, the pledge, a foretaste of our inheritance unto the redemption of God's own purchased possession, his believers to the praise of his glory. I I believe we got something to be thankful for. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. You turn the monitors down just a little bit. [Music] Amen. So we read here in Ephesians 1 says, "We were chosen in Christ before the foundation of the world." Not only were we chosen by him, but we were chosen that we would be holy and without blame. And we were predestinated to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ. Now, brother Brandon would take this and he would say in the church age book, he said, "He has chosen us in him, Jesus, before the foundation of the world." That means we were right there with him in the mind and thoughts of God before the foundation of the world. Therefore, that gives an eternal quality to the elect. And you cannot get away from that. And I I want to speak to you tonight on faith in your eternal quality. Now quality is a distinct attribute or characteristic that's possessed or possessed by someone. You know as we look at this we were all pre-planned by God. Not one of you are here by accident. Nothing happens by chance with God. Amen. He knows all about you. He it was all pre-planned. You were planned no matter of fact many generations back so that you could be even here tonight. Just to think one that one time he said I'll repeat this again. You at one time was in your father a gene of your father. He didn't know you at that time. Neither did you know him. But you see when you were put in the bedding ground the womb of the mother through holy wedlock. And then you became a person expressed in the image like your father. Amen. You was in his just as the same naturally speaking. Amen. So was you in his mind. Amen. Before the foundation of the world. So again, I want to reiterate some some things as we begin to go into this thought. Your birth here upon the earth was no accident. Your life upon this earth is not by chance. Amen. Your parents may not have planned you to be born, but and they may have even gave you to someone else, but God planned for you and he will never give you away or let you go. Amen. He was not at all surprised when you were born. In fact, he expected it. He knew that you would be here long before you were conceived by your parents. You were conceived in the mind of God. He thought of you first. It is not fate. It is not chance. It is not luck. It is not coincidence that you're breathing at this very moment. Amen. You're alive because God wanted to create you. Amen. The Bible. Don't pay attention to the rain. Amen. Let's pay attention to what we're talking about here. Amen. The Bible says, "The Lord will accomplish that which concerns me." Amen. So God, Amen, is is going to, he's got a purpose in your life. In other words, his purpose for you will be f fulfilled. He didn't he didn't just create you to see if he could create something. He, as we've heard, he didn't just create a tree to just see if he could create one. He He didn't create a blade of grass just to see if he create one. But everything that he created has a purpose and and it's God's purpose. And God prescribed every single detail of your life and of your even even of your body. You know, much as we may not like it, he chose your face. He chose the color of your skin. He chose your hair. He chose every feature of your body. He custom made you just the way he wanted you. Amen. He also determined, Amen. even the talents, the natural talents that you would possess and and even the uniqueness of your personality. The Bible says in Psalms 139 and verse 15, "My frame was not hidden from you when I was being formed in the secret and intricate parts and and I was skillfully made as if embroidered with many colors in the depth of the earth because God made you for a reason." and and he's decided that when you would be born and how long you would live, he planned for your days in advance. He chose the exact moment of your birth and your death. That's right. Amen. The Bible says in Psalms 139 and verse 16, he said, "Your eyes have seen my unformed substance, and in your book and in your book were all written the days that were appointed for me, when it when as yet there was not one of them even taken shape. Before one of my days on this earth every ever took shape, ever was a moment or a minute or a second that I was breathing, my days were already appointed. My life was already preset. And he says, "How precious are the thoughts you have of me, oh God? How vast is the sum of them? If I could count them, they would be outnumbered. They would outnumber the sand." See, God left no detail to chance. Amen. And he planned it all for his purpose. Amen. The Bible says that he even chose what nation you would be born in. Did you know that? Acts chapter 17 and verse 26. And he made from every from one man every nation of mankind to live on the face of the earth, having determined their appointed times and the boundaries of their land and territories. This was so that they would seek God if perhaps they might grasp for him or find him. though he was not far from each one of us. For in him we live and move and exist. That is in him we actually have our being. Even as some of our own your own poets have said, for we also are his children. So God would put you in a certain place. Amen. A certain time or a certain uh state or a certain family. Why? Because he knew where you had to be so you could come to that place that he could call you out of where you were. He had a predestinated moment for your life. No matter where you was at, no matter if it was in a barroom or or in a tore up family. God put you in that place so his call could reach you. So he could that that moment could come to your life. He knew where it had to be. Amen. It wasn't it wasn't by chance. God planned where you would be born. Therefore, he planned that you would live for his purpose. Your race or nationality are no accident. Come on, somebody. Listen. In other words, nothing in your life is by random choice or a whim by God. Amen. It's all for a purpose. So God decided how you would be born, you know, regardless of the circumstances of your birth. Many of us maybe didn't have a happy birth. Maybe some of our parents gave us away were were, you know, didn't want us for whatever reason and gave us to somebody else. But Amen. Maybe that's what happened to you. God had a plan for your life. Amen. God had a plan. It doesn't matter whether your parents were good or whether it was bad or whether they was indifferent. God knew that these two individuals possessed the exact quality that he had to have. So he brought them together. So because he had you in his mind, he couldn't do that with your adopted parents. So he did it with some maybe some young teenager or some young man. God in his grace and his mercy brought it all together that you could have breath upon this earth. And it's not by accident. It's not by will, but it's by a purpose of God. God's purpose even took into account human error. I don't know. I'd have myself a shouting fit. Amen. It took into account human error. He knew exactly what DNA he wanted you to have. And God does not do anything accidentally. Neither does he make mistakes. How many can say amen to that? So, did God make you? Then you're not a mistake. Come on, somebody. I know the devil wants to pound that in sometimes. You, some of you young people, well, nobody loves me. Nobody cares. My parents don't even Amen. You are not a mistake. That's right. You are not here by accident. You're not here just because God wanted to have somebody to walk here on this earth. You were hid here. You were put here for a purpose. He has a reason for everything he creates. Every plant, every animal was planned by God. Every person was designed with a purpose in his mind. Now, we as human beings may not conceive the purpose of every bug or every animal or everything. Some of them we think are pretty. Some of them we think are ugly and we wonder what kind of purpose it have. But God apparently had a purpose to make some ugly creatures. They're not very pretty. You don't look at them say, "Wow, I'd like to own one of them." I We live in Louisiana, so I just use some Louisiana animals. How many ever seen an armadillo and thought, "Well, that's pretty." No, it's not very pretty, but it has a purpose. It's not maybe the greatest of of animals, and you don't see it in the glory that you might see a b, you know, bald eagle flying or or a lion or a horse running across the pasture, and you say, "Wow, that's beautiful." Amen. But God has a purpose. Amen. And listen, Satan has tried to put things in people's minds and their hearts, and they think sometimes that maybe I'm not a beautiful person or I don't I don't have this attribute or I don't have that. It doesn't matter what kind of earthly or fleshly attribute you have or you don't have. What matters is you have an attribute of God on the inside of you. And God has placed you here for a purpose. Amen. It's Satan that wants to get us on these fleshly things. You know, do I look beautiful? Do I look handsome or do I look this or do I look that? Amen. There's a lot of people that's beautiful pe people, but they're evil and their minds are on evil continually. So, what's more, what's better to have a fleshly attribute of somebody that wants to be, you know, voted as the most beautiful person in the world? Whoopdedoo. What about having the attribute of God that was placed in you before the foundation of the world? because all those fleshly attributes and qualities that we look at and Satan wants to put up as great qualities of life and great great qualities in this person or that person because they can do this or they can do that. Amen. One day it'll be gone and forgotten. Might have a I might have a book or something written about them that one day it'll be gone and forgotten. Amen. But there's something on the inside of a believer that'll never be gone and forgotten. Hallelujah. But it'll still be there on the inside of you. It's an attribute of God. It's eternal. Amen. You know, the only way you can be a son or daughter of God is you have to have eternal life. There's only one form of eternal life and that's God's life. There's only one form of eternal life and that's God. There. So to be a son or God, you have to be in him always. The gene of your life, spiritual life tonight was in God the Father before there ever was a molecule. You are nothing but the manifestation of the gene life of God as a son of God. Now you're expressed after his word has come to you and lit up and lit your life up. You're expressing God's life in you because you're a son or daughter of God. He said, "Do you get it?" See, he said, "Whatever you are, God knew that you would be here because you have to be one of his genes or his attributes. You had to be or you never would be." That's right. Amen. If you got eternal life, then it always was eternal life. And God before there was a foundation of the world knew you would be here. And when the word, Amen, the washing of the water of the word fell upon you, it expressed in a being. Amen. You might have looked like a sinner. It might have looked all broken up and it looked impossible there was anything of value on the inside of you. But all of a sudden, the washing of the water of the word begin to come over the over you and begin to flow down through you. And it washed away all the sin. It washed away all the sorrows. It washed away all the things Satan had told you you was all your life. And on the inside, it begin to show us gene of God that was placed there before the foundation of the world. Wasn't placed there by your father or your mother, it was placed there by God. Because if it was placed by somebody, Amen. If it was placed by a pastor or placed by your father, it's a it's not eternal. It's a handed down religion. That's right. Come on now. We're not a handed down religion kind of people. Amen. For it to be eternal. It's got to come from God. That's why that's why it's impossible to hand down what we believe to somebody else is some learned behavior. This ain't about learned behavior of nothing. It's about being born again. It's about the washing of the water of the word coming over you and washing away the things that you thought one time were once were important or you thought was who you were or you thought that this is what you would always be. But God, rich in mercy saw something different. Amen. The woman at the well, she thought, amen, her life was destroyed. She thought it was over. She thought, man, I done gave it all up and I I can't even come to the well when other women come because of my life. But one day there was a man that had been there had her in her mind his mind before the foundation of the world. And he's sitting on a whale when she comes and she begins to realize this is not I'm not a Harley. This is not who I am. But I'm a daughter of God and I I have seen who I am. Come see the man who told me all that I've done and who I am. There was something on the inside of her. They went beyond what Satan tried to mar her life up with. Today there's people sitting even on these pews that Satan tried to mar their life, tried to hurt them, try to make them seem like so insignificant and and and unimportant and there's no way they would ever fit, amen, into the economy of God. But something was still there on the inside of them. Amen. And when that word began to speak to what was on the inside, what was it? It was the word speaking to the word. Come on. It was eternal speaking to the eternal that had been placed there on the inside of them. They came from their father and they're going to go back to their father. Word coming down. Said if we're those attributes of God. Therefore, if we are, we cannot live by creeds. We won't live by denominationalism. We'll live by the word because a bride is part of the bridegroom. Like any wife is part of her husband, you must be that word bride. What is the word bride? The manifestation of this hour, the bride. Not a creed, not a denomination, but a living article of God. A living attribute of God displayed to the world. The attributes of God in the formation of the bride has to be expressed in this hour that we're now living. Martha could Martin Luther couldn't express that because it was only the beginning. Amen. But it had to come all the way down. And he said, "Therefore, the bride in the rapture will come forth, and they'll they're there they're there to be all pre-planned by God. All backed up by God from the beginning. We knew every man. He knew every man, every place who would sit, everything. It's all pre-planned by God. God knew it would be here. And he made a way so it would be when we got there. He's gone to prepare a place for you. And when you get there, it'll all be prepared just like even tonight has been prepared. Come on, somebody. This service has been prepared. Amen. Some of you had to push through storms and you had to push through things in your that you had to face and you had had an attitude. I'm going to get to the house of God and you came. Why? Because it was pre-planned by God that you'd be sitting here today. That maybe you can hear again that you're not an accident. You're not here just by a whim that God tried and he tried this and he tried that. But God actually pre-planned your life and he brought you to this moment. stumble at the word predestination. He said, "Don't stumble at that word." He said, "I want to show you in Ephesians 1:5, which we read." He said, "Just as you were in your father, as I said the other night, just as you was in your father at the beginning, if you wasn't, you wouldn't be here naturally speaking." But you see, it had to go to a bed ground in order to bring forth to bring forth the life. And now you're his son or you're his daughter. It's a seed. If you're a Christian now, genuine predestinated seed, you was in God, you was always in God. The germ of life, which is an attribute of God, which was his thought. For instance, he says this pretty lady sitting here. God said in this day there will be a girl, her name will be so and so. She'll be this and thus she'll look like that. But even knew the very hour she would sit and listen to this message dressed in a red dress. Listen, God knows what clothes you're going to wear to church. He apparently knows what you was wearing, what you're going to be wearing in the future cuz there going to be a young young looking man with a checkered green shirt. Amen. God knows details about our life. We think we got it all planned out and we want to do this and we want to do that and we're if we're just submit ourselves to the plan of God. Amen. God has a purpose for us. He has a purpose for our lives. He said for instance, you know, sitting here and hear this message this message dressed in a red dress. That was his thought. Whoever your husband is, where whoever he is, and he would bring this together and you sit here today in this city on this very day, there could be no way for you to fail it because it it was in his mind. You're growing as long as your seed inside growing. You have to produce exactly what the seed said you would do. That's exactly it's his word. He keeps his word and he watches over it. So just as as there's a people here upon the earth with a gene seed of God placed inside of them and it's producing something in their life, no wonder we see a whole world that's producing the seeds, amen, that are in their lives. Because there's two sers that went into the field and we're seeing seeds that are being manifest that one day that was just in baby form small innocent looking and it looked like it wasn't going to be too big of a deal that you know you know innocent women get the rights to vote and this all these innocent things that were happening and today we're seeing it grow up. Come on. We're seeing it grow up to the place I was talking with a lady today. She gonna probably hear this. She gonna tell me about it next time I get a haircut. But talking to her about I was just I've been kind of on I got I got kind of blown away. I don't know why because it's happening more and more every day. But you know there's a big deal in the news right now of this man pretending to be like a woman pretending to be a woman winning all the women uh races and water sports. And he you look I I thought you know some of them they they might look like a woman. This This dude don't even look like a woman. Is a dude with his hair down. Muscles bigger than anybody in here nearly and he's pretending to be a woman. What are we seeing? We're seeing seeds that have grown up to maturity. It one day may look like an innocent thing. And that's what it, you know, started. Well, we just want to have a right to get together. We want a right to show love. And there all this, you know, little innocent stuff that they try to portray. And now it's so f it's almost humorous that that we come to women's rights, women's rights, women's right. And now men acting like a woman is win woman of the year. Now tell me how that's happening. Tell me how that's a woman's rights. It is seeds that are coming to f fruition. This is why we're seeing people coming out with purple hair and green hair and stuff all over their bodies. What is it? It's what's on the inside of them is coming to fruition. But all of that is just temporary. All those seeds are just temporary because they're going to go up and they're going to come and mature. And the harvester is going to come through and he's going to bind the tears together, but he's going to bind the wheat together. And the tears are going to be burned, but the wheat is going to go into the gardener. Come on, somebody. Amen. I'm not what I'm talking about you. What's on the inside of you is not a temporary seed. It's an eternal sea. And there's an eternal force on the inside of you. That force was so great, it broke through drugs. It broke through alcohol. It broke through pornography. It broke through every kind of hell. And it came forth. Amen. And this seed is going to keep growing and growing and growing until it breaks through every darkness. It breaks through every devil. It breaks through every spirit of hell. And it takes a rapture. [Applause] It's coming to f fruition. It's coming together. We can see it. He said, he says here in the church age book, I believe it again, he said, let me interject a thought in here. Even our natural birth is based upon election. The female ovaries produce just so many eggs. But why is it on a certain day, a certain time, a certain egg came down, not another one, a certain one, and then amongst the male sperm, for no known reason, a certain germ attaches itself to that egg, while others could have done just as easily. They could attach themselves, maybe had a better opportunity to do so, but did not and perished. What was it? There's an intelligence behind all of this otherwise. What determines whether the baby is a boy or a girl, blonde or brunette, light or dark type of eyes? With these thoughts in mind, think about Joshua and Caleb. Did not Jesus say in John 6:49, "Your fathers died did eat mana in the wilderness or the dead." Those parents that died were necessary as the forefathers of the people to whom Jesus was speaking. They perished. Yet they were in the election of God naturally as Joshua and Caleb were spiritually. But to go on, these elect were not only the eternal thoughts of God. that were to be expressed in flesh in their due season. But these same elect are called by another name. And he goes into Romans 4. Therefore, it is of faith that it might be by grace the end the promise might be made sure to all the seed. Not to that only, but which by the law, but that which is of the faith of Abraham who is the father of us all. Then he goes into Romans 9 and verse 7 through13. It speaks about Cain and Abel. Amen. One of Jacob I've loved, Esau of hated. And he said, "According to Romans 4:16, we find that God has given a sure promise to all of Abraham's seed." And Paul puts himself and all believers under that designation because he said Abraham is the father of us all. And he goes on not to narrow down his definition, but rather to finalize it. And Galatians 3 identified the seed with Jesus and counted the seed children. He brings it right down. He said, "What was it?" It was election and choosing of God. Those who are of the royal sea are of the elect of God. It's a predestinated fornown of God. You were always in his mind and in his thoughts. God just don't think about you on bad days and you're going through a bad time. God has thought about you before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. He said in plain plain language, the true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally. Eternally. You don't just have a bad day and all said, "God, help me." You're already in his mind. He's already thinking about you. He's already preparing a way of escape. Come on. He's already watching over you. He's already looking after you for your best interest. Your best interest. He has your best interest at heart. He's not looking for you to come and be destroyed and tore down and Amen. God has the best interest of you. Amen. What What is his What is he Is he interested in me being a millionaire? Maybe not. Is he interested in me having all kinds of cars and this that? Maybe not. his interest in you the best is eternal life. That is what's in his interest. It's not so much life here on earth. This is just a temporary thing. It's a temporary moment. If you're going through suffering, it's a temporary suffering. If you're going through sickness as a temporary sickness, God is interested. His best interest in you is about eternity. That's right. Each member came forth and became expressed and took his place in the body. Thus this bride is a literal spoken word seed bride the very spoken word of God. You are just the same as this earth and sun. Let there be Joe. We in church dreaming. He said, "Let there be light." Is there light out there today? What did you see? Anybody see the sun today? Well, I didn't see nothing but clouds, but did you see light? Get your focus off the clouds and get it on the light. Amen. That sun is still up there. No matter if there's clouds in the sky or not, that sun is there because God's word said it would be. He said, "Let there been for millions or whatever kind of years it has been hanging there giving out light." It is a spoken word seed of God. He said it and it happens and it's still there today. And not one of us gets up and worries about it. Hey, one of us on a Sunday morning, Monday morning, whatever morning, get up and say, "Man, I wonder if the sun's coming up today. I wonder if it's going to give its life today or like today, I wonder if it's going to come up and shine today. I wonder, I wonder." No, we ain't wondered about it. None. Because we know God decreed it and God pre-planned it and God put it there for a purpose. and is still serving his purpose today. Well, why don't you have the same attitude, amen, towards the spoken word, seed, bride of Jesus Christ, that she will remain. She will be there. She will still stand. There ain't a devil in hell that can take her down. There ain't a sickness. There ain't a disease. There ain't a sin. There ain't nothing that can destroy the eternal purpose of God. I can have faith in what God has called me to be. Amen. It's eternal. Though she be feminine in designation, she is also called the body of Christ. It is very apparent that she ought to be called that, for she was predestinated in him. Came from the same source. Hello. Ought to be some shouting going on right there. I came from the same source. Same source was eternal with him. And now manifesting God in many membered body whereas once God was manifested in one member our Lord Jesus Christ. Then here we are coming to conclusion as the eternal log go of God was manifest in the son and Jesus dwelt the fullness of the godhead bodily and that eternal one was a father manifested in flesh thereby gained the title of son even so we eternal in his thoughts and our turn became the many membered spoken word seed manifested in flesh and those eternal thoughts were now manifested in flesh are the sons of god even as we are so called we did not become seed by the rebirth. We were seed and therefore we could be reborn. Hallelujah. For only the elect can be reborn. But because we were seen is the reason you could be quickened. Eternal. You were fornown by God before you ever lived upon the earth. What it says in Romans 8:29. You were fornown. Jesus never come to the earth and died just to see if there by chance somebody be saved because he died, right? He came He wouldn't have did that. No. God don't run his office business like that in heaven loosely. Jesus came to earth to die for a purpose. Not to just see if it might somebody be saved. But before the foundation of the world, he foresaw the whole thing. And by his fornowledge, he forneew it. He knew that there was going to be a church called out without spot or without wrinkle. Therefore, there had to be preparations made to save that church. He came to die so I can be saved. Amen. He ca So he made preparations to save that church. He said Jesus, he didn't just so send Jesus not perhaps somebody might get it. neighbor. Perhaps somebody might be saved. He knew who was going to be saved. He would have a people called out and you are they. Hello. You are they. He would have a people that would believe in divine healing and you are they. Hallelujah. He would believe in a people who would be filled with the Holy Ghost and you are there. He would believe with There would be a people who would believe they shall lay hands upon the sick and they shall recover and you are they. God knew it. He knew there'd be unbelievers, of course, but he also knew there would be believers. Hallelujah. He forneew it. Therefore, he could foray it would be that way. He forneew so he could foresake. I love that. I love just how simple the prophet of God puts it. And so he sent Jesus only for those who would believe it. Of course, you know, we got the websites out there that said Jesus maybe lived here on the earth, but he was just know, you know, all kind of doubts and confusions. But Jesus came, lived on earth, died, buried, resurrected, not for the unbeliever, but for those who's going to believe. He knew there would be se seven or 6,000 more thousands of 2,000 more years. He knew it was going to take place. Church ages, seven more church ages. He knew all of that. But he knew at the seventh one there was still going to be somebody says, "I believe it. I believe he died for me." Right, brother Philip? I believe he died for me. I believe, yeah, he walked up that hill. I believe he went to the cross. I believe he hung there on those nails. I believe when he hung his head in the locks of his shoulder. I believe he died for me. I believe he done all of that just for me that I could be healed, saved, delivered, that I could be a son of God. That I could have the right to enter into the throne of God. I believe that. Maybe some don't believe it, but I believe it. He said, "Here they are today." Listen to what he say. He said he knew Jesus knew there would be some who believed. And here they are today gathered in this spot to accept what God for and for knew would take place. So God made a preparation for those who would believe. God forneew there was going to be gathered in this spot on a rainy day. Fought to get here. Some gave up and stayed home. But they knew they was going to be here. And he knew the The lights were still going to be on. You may not have known it. You probably doubted it. Good reason to. But he knew the lights was going to be on. He knew what was going to take place in this service. He knew somebody might get the victory. Somebody might get healings. Somebody might get delivered. Whatever. I don't know what he has pre-planned for for this service, but he knew and he knew who was going to come, what needs there was going to have. Therefore, he's going to plan for them to get delivered. He was going to plan a certain sermon to go a certain way and to break through all these things. Why? Cuz somebody needs a healing. Somebody needs a saving. Somebody needs a closer walk with God. Somebody needs to realize I'm not here by accident. I've been put here by almighty God to serve a purpose. He said, "You are the people that's come here to be prayed for and that preparation was made for it. God forneew it." He said, "Well, that arouses that rouses the motions of my soul." And as you notice, the Holy Spirit when he takes the word, he sits across the congregation. Watch the emotions of the audience. You know what it do then? I know that that God's presence in the building. When you see it that way, the effect is moving on the people. Just the word God making preparations and providing the very thing you come to this tabernacle for, God forneew it, set it in order that you could receive the very thing you come for. Lord have mercy. We just going to say amen. Go home. God prepared. I'm going to push through this if I got to with that. My head, my feet, my head. I'm going to push through. Somebody gonna go with me. God allowed you. He prepared this service. He knew what demons of hell would try to sit here. He knew exactly what would try to cloud us and try to keep us from receiving something from God. But he knew somebody's going to get delivered. He knew somebody's going to break free. He knew somebody going to say, "Hey, I see my name in the book." Hallelujah. Amen. So therefore, he made the preparation already so you could receive what you came for. Come on, somebody. If you need healing, he's already made preparation for it. If you need salvation, he's already made preparation. God's already done it. It's set forth. God forneew it. And he set it in order that you can receive the very thing you came to receive. Did somebody come to receive something? So if you did, God made the preparation. He's got it here for you. Hallelujah. The very thing that you come to this place for, God's got it here for you. Everything's already set in order. The only thing you have to do is receive it. God's already sent it. The only thing you have to do is raise up and receive it. God's already sent it. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The eternal qualities. We were written in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. That's Revelations 13:8. Amen. Ephesians 3:11 says, "We were part of God's eternal purpose." 1 Peter 1:2 says, "We were elected according to the fornowledge of God the Father." Amen. 2 Timothy 1:9 says, "We were called with a holy calling, not according to our works, but by his purpose and grace." Maybe I'll read that in the amplified. For he delivered us and saved us and called us with a holy calling, a calling that leads to a consecrated life, a life that's set apart, a life that's here for a purpose, not because of our works or because of any personal merit. We could do nothing to earn this. We could do nothing to earn this. But because of his purpose and grace, his amazing undeserved favor which is granted us in Christ Jesus before the world began eternal ages ago. Lord, Colossians 1:26 says, "We are part of the mystery hidden from the ages and generation." Jeremiah 15 says, "Before I was formed in your womb, I knew you and approved of you as my chosen instrument." Glory to God. He knew there would be a devil on this earth. So, he had to have a chosen instrument. He knew there was a Goliath there that was going to challenge the armies of the living God. So, God made preparation for Goliath before he ever got there. Come on, somebody. He had a David that was prepared to meet Goliath before Goliath ever got there. Hallelujah. He had a chosen instrument for Goliath's demise. I'm telling you right now, God has seen cancer upon this earth, but he's got a chosen instrument. God has seen sin upon this earth, but he's got a chosen instrument. God has seen every demon of hell that would come against you. But he got you here and he made you and he put you in this place to be a chosen instrument. Galatians 15. Well, wait, wait, wait a minute. Let me finish Jeremiah 15. Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you and approved of you as my chosen instrument. And before you were born, I consecrated you to myself as my own before before Satan ever got to you. God already said that was mine. And no matter what Satan would do to you, he wouldn't change my God's mind about you. Ain't that something? Satan drugged some of y'all through hell, through every kind of ungodly life, some through hyp being a hypocrite, whatever. Pharisees, Sadducees, he done all kinds of stuff to people. But all he done didn't change God's mind. Oh my God. All that Satan had put in your life, all the scars that he put on you and the hurts and the pains and all the stuff and and even how you even maybe mangled up even your body and you don't even look all that. You may not be the first chosen on the team to play volleyball or basketball. It doesn't matter. God chose you. And Satan done all that to you. He done it to your body. He done it to your heart. He done it to your spirit. But God's mind never changed. He looked in that sin. He looked in that unbelief. He looked in them scars and he said, "I see myself. I see a son laying inside of there. And there ain't nothing the devil has done enough that is martyr enough. He hasn't marked you enough. He hasn't hurt you enough that God changes his mind about you. But he said, "That's mine. That one's mine. That one's mine. That one's mine." Hallelujah. I'm not changing my mind about you. Galatians 1:15 says, "But when God, who has chosen me and set me apart before I was born, and called me through his grace, was pleased." Oh my. God was pleased. He called me by his grace. But when it pleased God who separated me from my mother's womb, he called me by grace. In other words, before you ever went that was mine. Can you imagine the love that's in his heart? How many earthly fathers we got here today? Earthly mothers. First time you held them might have been ugly as homemade soap. I don't not trying to put no complex on nobody. I ain't might have been the most beautiful baby, but whatever. Man, he's handsome. Something happened. I I remember I I remember as a young 20some year old boy holding my little daughter Adriana for the first time. When I look down them eyes, the heart went never was the same since right. Any daddy's right? Any mama's right. When you held it, somehow mama has been she goes through such travail. But apparently there's enough love that overtakes her she forgets about it and she goes through it all over again. What is it? It's that love. And as a earthly father and we see this one who's going to go through things and we know they're going to have problems, make mistakes and we know they've been born in sin and shaping iniquity. We know we know these things and we see him. We're holding such love. But can you imagine what God must look when he sees you? God, I got so many mistakes. I got so many failures. I got I You know what he sees when he sees you? He sees himself. Hello. He sees himself. Oh, he might see a six foot six foot my foot. I wish 5 foot n at best on a good day when I'm hanging from something and I see all I see all my insufficiency. I I see all my flaws. I I see all that. But God doesn't see that. He looks and said, "It's my son. That's my That's my boy. He don't see all He don't see all the all the flaws that Satan put in like all the scars he put in my life and all the hurt. He sees himself. Oh, if we can only see ourselves as God sees us. Too many times. We're looking through the devil's eyes too many times and we see our faults and we see our flaws that he put there that he put upon our lives. But if we can for one moment see ourselves through the eyes of God, then God sees you as the unadulterated, unblenmished, without spot, without wrinkle. He sees himself. And it's himself he's looking at. He said, "That's my boy. That's my girl. I'm so proud of him." Amen. I'm so proud. He's walking in Satan's Eden. And yes, he may have fallen a few time, but look at him. He gets right back up again. Why? Because there's something on the inside of him. Amen. When that eternal seed is on the inside, you know, they want to make something about a Energizer Bunny is always going to Hey, it's more than some Energizer Bunny. Come on. I know. I went Some of y'all look at me. Where you going at now? That Energizer Bunny going to run out, be forgotten. Don't Don't act like you ain't never seen that commercial. Brother, we're in charity. We're not allowed to. No. What you talking about, brother? Energizer Bunny got Energizer batteries supposed to go on forever. How many has ever had some Energizer batteries that went on forever? No, no. They're constantly wearing down and falling apart. They're constantly being throwed in the trash because they're not eternal. I ain't talking to no Energizer bunnies here tonight. I'm not even talking to any nuclearpowered people. Yeah, they got nuclear power that'll power a ship for what, 30 years or whatever. That go forever seem like. But it ain't forever. It's only for a certain moment, a certain time. What I'm trying to tell you, what's on the inside of you is forever. It's eternal. It ain't going to wear out. It ain't going to fall apart. It ain't going to wear down. It ain't going to bow down to the devil and give up. It ain't going to stop aside and give itself to sin and unbelief. No. When it's been energized by the spirit of God and the Holy Spirit has quickened that life to that seed to life, it is eternal. 1 Thessalonians 5 and verse 9. For God has not destined us to incur his wrath. All right. Well, that's pretty good. God is not your destiny is not to to to to receive the wrath of God. Your destiny is to obtain salvation. This is what he said. For God has not destined us to incur his wrath. That is he did not select us to condemn [Music] us but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus. Amen. First 2 Thessalonians 2 and verse 13 says, "But we should and are morally obligated as debtors always to give thanks to God. For you believers, beloved of the Lord, because God has chosen you from the beginning for salvation through the sanctif sanctifying work of the spirit that sets you apart for God's purpose and by your faith in the truth of God's word that leads you to spiritual maturity." Amen. So God is your destiny. Amen. Even even we're destined to hear his voice and follow him. This is what he said in John 10 verse 27. The sheep that are on my own hear my voice and listen to me and I know them and they follow me and I give them eternal life and they will never ever by any means perish and no one will ever snatch them out of my hand. Jeremiah 31 says, "We were loved with an everlasting love, an eternal love." That's what he said. The Lord appeared to me, Israel, from ages past, saying, "I loved you with an everlasting love. Therefore, my loving kindness, I've drawn you and continued my faithfulness to you." We're given, we were given to the son by the father before the world ever began. This is what he said in John 17 and verse 5. Now Father, glorify me together with yourself with the glory and majesty that I had with you before the world existed. I have manifested your name and revealed your very self, your real self to the people whom you have given me out of the world. Out of the world and they are yours and you gave them to me and they have kept and obeyed your word. We were predestinated to be conformed into the image of his son is what Romans 8:29 musicians can come. Romans 8 29 for those whom he forneew and loved and chose beforehand. He has also predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son and ultimately share in his complete sanctification so that he would be the firstborn the most beloved and honored among many believers. And those who he predestinated he also called. And those whom he called he also justified thereby declared free of the guilt of sin. And those whom he justified, he has glorified, raising them to a heavenly dignity. Hallelujah. It's an eternal quality. It's not a temporary thing. The things your mom and dad passed down on to you through their physical bloodline is temporary. But what is placed on you before the foundation of the world is not temporary. is eternal. And this eternal seed overrides the temporary things. It's more powerful. It's greater. It has to. How can something that's not greater overcome something that's greater? We're talking about God here. We We look at armies sometimes. We say, "Well, how did this little army beat that big army?" And it can happen. But when it comes to God, that don't work no more. God's eternal. And that eternal seed he put on the inside of you is greater than anything the devil could ever do to you or has ever done to you. Maybe you just need to realize, you know, maybe my life didn't come the way I thought it should and I've always questioned why. Why was I born this way? Or why why was I put here? Why why was I adopted for? Why why why did I because God placed you in a place where that seed that was on the inside of you could meet that quickening. He knew the path that you was going to travel and he knew exactly where you had to be for him to find you. So quit asking all the wise about things and say, "God, I trust you. You got a greater plan. I trust you." How many can trust him tonight? Hallelujah. Stand together if we would bow your heads. So, Lord, I just want to thank you again. I want to give you thanks for Lord, you call me. You predestinated me to be a son, daughter of God. Lord, I think about what you've done for us, Lord. Seemingly sometimes we say he could have chose somebody else. But Lord, you couldn't choose anybody else. I was your son. These were your daughters. These were your sons. You had the It came from you. There wasn't no choosing anybody else. No different than I could choose somebody else that I wish I could have gave life to. No, they were ordained of God. Lord, it was ordained that Adriana and Luke and Andrew and Katie would come [Music] forth. Lord, it was ordained that Timothy and Aaron and Joe, Tim and vast audience, Lord, here even online, Lord, names that were written in the Lamb's book of life. They had to come forth. They had to come to fruition. Lord, devils have tried to stop them. Devils have tried to keep them bound. Devils have tried to hinder them. But Lord, all of a sudden, they meet that moment where that light strikes that seed and it comes to life. They realize, "Hey, I I never was a son of just a son of Tim and Karen Puit or I I never was a son of Satan. I never belonged to him. I whatever. I I belong to God. I I I see now who I really am and who I'm really called to be. Oh, what a blessed people we are. And we just want to say thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father, that we are your sons and daughters. And you had in you before the foundation of the world. And though Satan may have come with his tricks of his trade and tried to scar our lives and make us undesirable, but God, you couldn't turn down your sons and your daughters, never change your mind about us. You said that was mine. That was mine. Oh God, I thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Lord, we're looking forward to that time, Lord, that these bodies will change, Lord, to be part of that eternal creation. Oh, Jesus, may you meet each heart here tonight. Lord, we've had to struggle through storms and struggle through atmospheres. Lord, I I know you're here today, Father, and you made preparations. You made preparations for someone to receive what they came for. God, may you meet those needs. I pray. May they receive them right now in Jesus name. Lord, if they need healing, may they receive it. They need salvation, receive it, Lord. Need a closer walk, receive it. Need joy in their heart, receive it. Whatever, Lord, you made preparations for them. We praise you this evening in Jesus name. Amen. I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of [Music] salvation was only star. Now I'm chosen, free and forgi. I have a future and it's worth living. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made from [Music] both. I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation was only a start and now I am [Music] chosen. I'm free and forgive and I have a future and it's worth [Music] living. I wasn't made to be tended a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. [Music] Hallelujah. You call out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Hallelujah. You buried my path, so I'm not going back. Hallelujah. You called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Hallelujah. And you buried my path, so I'm not going back. Cuz I was made to be tending brave. I was called by name, born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace was running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for more. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be tend in a grave. I was called by name. And I was born and raised back to life again. And I was made for more. Oh, so why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. So we sing high [Music] and you call out my name. So I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu. You buried my path. I'm not going back. [Music] Hallelujah. And you call out my name. So I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, you buried my path. So I'm not going back. I wasn't made to be tended in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. And I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace was running my way? I know I am yours. I was [Music] made. So why would I make bed in my shame. When a fountain of grace is running my way, I know I am yours and I was made for more. [Music] [Applause] [Music] And he answered me and delivered me from everything. Those who look on him are rad. Never be ashamed. [Music] Never be ashamed. I sought the Lord. I sought the Lord and they answered me. and deliver me from every fear. [Music] Those who look on him are radant will never be [Music] ashamed. Never be ashamed. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. coming home his name forever. There's a poor man cry and the Lord heard me and save me from my enmy. The son of God surrounds his saint. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Magnify the [Applause] [Music] Lord. Come and call his name. together. Glorify the [Music] Lord. Oh, it's [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, let it see who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. All of ye say who gave you [Music] everything. Give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come and exalt his name together. Together, glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night ever. May our rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, evering may our [Music] in. Let us bless the Lord. Every day night, never ending praise. They are inescri [Music] Ify the Lord with me coming his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our right bless every day and night [Music] ever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending praise. May our eyes magnify the Lord with [Music] me. Come and exalt his name together. [Applause] Glorify the Lord with [Music] me. Come and glory his [Music] name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. All ye say give you everything. Give you everything. Hallelujah. [Music] He's got it all under control. He's got it all. [Music] Yes, my Lord. He's got it all control. He's put that reassur way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. He's got it all. Got it all in control. Oh yes, my Lord. He's got it all in control. Oh, he put that reassur down in my soul. He's got it all. I put my life I put my life in his [Music] hand. I put my life in his hand. [Music] Oh yes, we know it's in his [Music] I put my life in his hand. [Music] My father knows just what I need. My father knows what I need. Everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. [Music] He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. I put my life in your hands. I put my life in his hands. [Music] I road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his. [Music] I put my life in his hands. He's got it all in control. He's got it all. How we thank you for that tonight, Lord. Oh, from our hearts, Lord. He's got it all in control. He put thy reassur way down in my [Music] soul. He's got it all. I put my life. I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hand. [Music] Every road I walk down, I'm sure it's in his [Music] life. Hallelujah. We love the Lord tonight. Amen. God bless you. Know it's getting late. We'll dismiss you. You feel to go, you're welcome to. If you just want to stay in this presence just a few more minutes, you're welcome to do that as well. Thank you, brother Phil. Amen. Appreciate the gift of God in your life. He pre-planned it. We needed you tonight. Amen. Thank you for that. Amen. Go in the love of the Lord. We'll see you on Sunday, Lord willing. If we don't see you before, God bless you. We'll just sing this another time or two. He's got it all in control. How we thank you tonight. He's got it all in. He put that way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. Put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all.
