################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-19 - The Man in the Arena - Bro. Ron Spencer on April 19, 2025 - Ron Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-19
Title:   The Man in the Arena - Bro. Ron Spencer on April 19, 2025
Speaker: Ron Spencer
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjy7-Mi50UU
========================================

[Music] Amen. How many loves the Lord? Amen. God bless you tonight. Let's just worship him together. And oh I want to see you [Music] there on the streets of glory [Music] there at [Music] Oh, I want I want to [Music] see forever of the same way. On the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. cares all [Music] past as I as I journey through the land singing as I go. Oh souls to Calvary to the prison flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. Oh God my Lord lead me on. Through him I must win. And oh I want to see him. Look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Years all pass home at last ever to rejoice. And when in service for my Lord, dark may be the night, but I'll be more close to him and he will give me life. Satan snares may fix my soul. Turn my thoughts inside. Oh, but my Lord goes ahead and leads whatever we t and oh I want to see him look upon his face. Oh forever of his savior and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice on my all my life to joy and rain in valleys. Oh, I look toward the mountain high and behold my savior thereing in the fire. And with a tender and I'll stretch towards the valley. Oh god me I can see as I long and oh I want to sing. took up all his face there to sing forever of his savior. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice ever to rejoice. went before me. Rise from his mighty king. Oh, then my Lord makes my boat. He does safely. Oh, and he leads me gently on to this world below. Oh, he's a real friend to me. And though I love you more and I want to see you look upon his face. Oh there to sing forever of his savior and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh cares all. [Music] forever. Oh, I want to see him and know I want to sing of all his name. Oh, there [Music] see of his s and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. It's all [Music] pass one more time. And oh, I want to see. Look [Music] upon of his saving gra. And on the streets of glory. Me lift my voice all at last ever to [Music] be. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing lonely hallelujah, Jesus. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Yes, I'm so glad. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Satan had me bound. Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had bound. Oh yes, Lord. But Jesus set me free. Oh hallelujah. I'm on my way. I'm on my way to heaven. Shout. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. Shout victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shout victory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Glory hallelujah. Jes Satan had me bound. Satan had me bound. But my Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound. Oh, safely hadn't found but Jesus gave glory. Hallelujah. We just sent victory. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and it's keeping me alive. Jesus. It's down in my heart. It is down in my heart. And it's keeping me alive for keeping me alive. For keeping me alive. It is down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus, it's all over me and it's all over me. Oh, keeping me alive, keeping me alive. It is all me and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. Oh my God. He is alive. God not dead. He is alive. Oh God not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all Oh my God. Oh God. Oh yes. [Music] He's alive. He is alive. Oh, I feel I have. Oh, and he's all Oh, one more time. My God's not dead. My God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. Oh, God. He's alive. I feel him in my hands. Oh, I have him in my heart and he's all over me. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many is here to enjoy the presence of the Lord tonight? How many is going to say I will not be denied? Amen. When pains of death seize on my soul unto the Lord, I cry till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be. No, I would not be denied. No, I will not be till Jesus came and made me home. I would not be. Oh, as Jacob in the days of old I was so with the Lord. Oh, and inant a courage. I stood upon his word. Oh, I will not be denied. No, I will not be till Jesus comes and he makes me whole. I will not be. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. Oh, but praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And oh yes, I will not be. Oh no, I will not be till Jesus came and he makes me not. Sing that last verse again. Oh, Satan said my Lord was gone and he would not hear my pray. Oh, hallelujah. But praise the Lord. The work is done and Christ the Lord he is here. Oh, I will not be. Oh no, I will not be denied. If Jesus came and he makes me holy, I will not be. Hallelujah. Let's just turn around. Welcome each other here tonight. Amen. Tell your neighbor, I'm not going to be denied. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. We're going to take of an offering tonight. We haven't taken one up every service, but we know offering is a part of worship. And so, uh, we want to give you an opportunity to give unto the Lord and to give unto the ministry that God has provided. How many's enjoyed the ministry this weekend? Has it just touched your heart and ministered to you? Hallelujah. So, we got a a place set up over here and over here that you can come and and bring bring your offering to the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts in prayer as we open this service up. Father, we just thank you so much for this opportunity, Lord, to come together once again. We're expecting and under expectation, Lord, for great things tonight. For you to move, for you to fulfill your word, for you to be the healer and the deliverer and the savior. Father, we just ask you'll bless this offer and bless those that have to give, those who have not. Lord, may tonight, Lord, be one of those moments that we'll forever remember. Lord, that I was there when the spirit fell. I was there when he came down and moved and ministered and touched and set free. I was there and I want to thank the Lord for that opportunity. Lord, we thank you for this in Jesus name. Amen. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go marching. Oh Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go to [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Hold up. Hold up. Hallelujah. I I'm of the I'm of the of the thought that we don't have to be ashamed of our musicians. God is How many's enjoyed the musicians and the given unto the Lord? Hallelujah. I thank God for God-given talent that's been surrendered unto him and loves to serve him. Amen. God heals through music. God delivers through music. Go [Music] [Applause] ahead. Oh, the saints go maring. Oh, in the [Music] same with the [Music] saint. Oh, I know I'll see my savior since my life is free from sin. Oh, heaven source is open for me. When the saints go [Music] maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. When the saints go maring. Lord, I know I'll be in that number when the saints go. Amen. We're going to sing that third verse. While we sing it, we ask the Dallas choir to come and bring their special. And right after they're through, Sister Julia Paris would bring her special. Amen. God bless you. When we gather around the throne and the gates are closed with, I'll be shouting. How we shout glory glory. Oh when the saints go mar. Oh when the saint go march again. Oh when the saints go mar. Oh Lord I know I'll be in that number. Go marching. One more time. When the saints When the saints go marching. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Lord, I know I'll be in that number with the same long [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus. The most beautiful name of all [Music] name. Oh Jesus, the only name that brings healing and strength. [Music] When I speak your name, mountains move and chains are loose. When I speak your name, darkness flees, it has no hold on me. Jesus, most beautiful name that I know. You're the exalted one. Jesus, you have the power of the Lord. You lift the holy one. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus, the most wonderful name. for [Music] him. Jesus, the only name that brings freedom in hope. When I speak your name, I speak your name. Mountains move. Mountains move. The chains are loose. Chains are loose. When I speak your name, I speak your name. Darkness. Darkness. It has no hold on me. Jesus. Jesus, most beautiful name. Most beautiful name that I know. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. You have the power. You have the power of the Lord. Jesus most beautiful name that I know for the exalted one Jesus you have the power you have the power alone You live for me. [Music] Jesus, he exalted. He exalted. He exalted. He exalted. He exalted. He exalts him. Higher and higher. He exalts him. He exalts him. He exalts him. He exalts. He exalts him. Higher and higher. [Music] There's no other name like my [Music] God. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. There's no other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. [Music] No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. Be exalted. Be exalted. Be exalted. Be exalted. Be exalted. Be exalted. Higher and higher. Be exalted. Be exalted. Be exalted. Higher and [Music] higher. There's no other name. Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Ain't it just like God to deliver? Ain't it just like God to satisfy? And it is so much like him. our every [Music] need to supply almost [Music] empty. No more hope for living. My son and I must die. Then she made a final for a man of God. He blessed the widow's sparrow. Now my son and I are Ain't it just like God to deliver it? Ain't it just like God to satisfy? And it is so much like you to meet our every need like you to supply. Father Abraham's son Isaac a sacrifice to me. Oh, but Abraham was faithful. In God's promise, he believed. As he lay his dear son Isaac on the altar to the Lord. Then an angel cried from heaven. Neither do thy son know. Oh, ain't it. Ain't it just sisfy? And it is so much like our every need and it just like to threw the prophet Daniel into the lion's den. But Daniel did not worry with Jehovah watching him. Then the king cried out to Daniel. My God deliver me from the lions and cried Daniel. He did deliver me. Ain't it just how you it just satisfy? And it is so much to meet our every need. Ain't it just like ain't it just like ain't it just like to satisfy and it is so much like it to meet our every need like it to like Feet are [Music] [Applause] every appreciate those specials. Amen. We want to continue here. Let me get my notes up real quick. Ask Sister Hope to come. Hope Maurice to come with her special. And right after she's through, Brother Tim Wyinners and make his way tonight. Amen. We enjoy the Dallas choir. We thank brother McGary for sending such a wonderful group over. And Amen. Then we have a great representation from Canada as well, Brother Kelly and Sister Myra and their church, some of their young people. And and then our sister here from Edmonton. You know, I I was just thinking though as she was singing that that um I didn't know that Canadians sing southern songs. Amen. We sing ain't, you know, ain't. Didn't know that was a word in Canada. Amen. But Amen. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Well, I remember when [Music] I Remember getting baptized in cold water, then rising with the fire in my soul. Same power now and forever. No, you're not. Same words can speak to the mountains and make them move. I know the God of the old is the God of the new. I know that you did it then and you still do. Do you remember the roar of the choir as they praise him for hours and he'll fill the room? Well, I remember when they told her she had cancer and we didn't have the answer. the word through you too. Same power now and forever. No, you're not through. Same words can speak to the mountains and make them move. I know the God of the old is the God of the new. I know that you did it then. You still mighty and strong, faithful and true. You'll make a way cuz that's just what you do. You're the breaker of chain. Beginning and end. I'll sing it over and over the same power now and forever. You're not saying words can speak to the mountains and make them. I know the God of the old is the God of the new. I know that you did it then and you still do the same power now and forever. No, you're not. Say words can speak to the mountain and make them blue. I know the God of the old is the God of the new. I know that you did it then and you still do. [Applause] [Music] [Music] y'all know this. Sing along with me. God [Music] Jehovah, [Music] Jehovah, you're my healer. You and you alone. I will trust you. Jehovah forever, you're my healer. You and you alone. Let's sing that chorus again. God Jehovah, Jehovah forever, you're our healer. You and you [Music] alone. We will trust you. Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone. In the middle of our doubts, in the thick of sorrow, you say, "Look up to where our help comes from. If everything around us just says serious no hope, we're never going to let go. The hymn of your own God Jehovah Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone. We will trust you. Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone. [Music] We're standing on the promise, the foundation of your word, where everyone is healed, who believes on you, Lord. We're leaning on your power. You'll do what can't be done either now or forever. We know it's going to come. God [Music] Jehovah. Jehovah. You're our healer. You and you alone. We will trust you. Jehovah forever. You're our healer. You and you alone. All depression, every wory, every sickness. [Music] Lord, you heal all addictions and every family, every heartbreak. Lord, you here. You're going to do it. You're going to do it to hold her out. How far we know you will. All depression and every worry, every sickness. Lord, you heal all addictiction and every family. Lord, every heartb break you're going to heal. Oh, you're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. Jehovah, we know you will. Oh, you're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. [Music] Jehovah, we know you will. You're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. Jehovah, we know you will. All depression. and every worry every [Music] sickness. Lord, you heal all addiction and every family, every heartbreak. Oh Lord, you heal. Oh, you're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. Jehovah, we know you will. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. Jehovah, [Music] Ala, we know you will. One more time. Now you're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. [Applause] Jehovah. We know you will. God [Music] Jehovah. Jehovah. Oh, you're our healer. You and you alone. Oh, we will trust you, [Music] Jehovah. You're our healer. You and you alone. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. For Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. [Music] Oh Lord, I [Music] believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus yell [Music] twus is here. Oh Jesus is here. All things are possible. [Music] Jesus only believe. Yes. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Oh. Oh, we believe. [Music] We [Music] believe. All things are possible. Amen. Why don't you just lift your hands as a declaration and sing this? Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible Lord. [Music] You said that when we ask we will receive. We take you at your word. So Lord, we're asking you said your people will do gater things. We believe it. We believe we will see. We will see giants fall. We'll walk on water. This is your kingom come. This is the battle won. This is [Music] revival. We will see. We will see. You said that nothing is impossible. We won't back down. We know that you are able. You said your people will do gater things. We believe it. We believe. We will see miracles. We will see giants fall. We'll walk on water. This is your kingom come. This is the battle. This is [Music] revival. We will see miracles. We will see miracles. [Music] The whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waters cover the sea. The whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waters cover the sea. [Music] The whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waterers cover the sea. The whole earth will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waters cover the sea. You'll be filled with the glory of the Lord by the [Music] water. The water will be filled with the glory of the Lord like the waterers cover the sea. [Music] See your glory with the glory glory. Your [Music] power glory of the lover. [Music] We will see miracles. We will see giants fall. We'll walk on water. This is your king of this. This is [Music] revival. We will see mirales. We will see giants fall. We'll walk on [Music] waterers. This is your kingom come. This is the battle one. This is [Music] revival. We will see miracles. We will see miracles. [Music] The whole earth will be filled with the glory of your Lord like the waterers cover the sea. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's stand together as we get ready for the word tonight. Let's play that song again. Only believe, all things are possible. Only believe. I hope you're ready for your miracle tonight. Because we will see miracles. We see giants fall. We've seen it already happen in this meeting as God has dealt with hearts and lives and God has used gifts as channels where heaven has come down among us and the Holy Spirit has spoke to different hearts and lives. We're here at this Saturday night meeting and as we prepare for the word tonight, we have our brother Ron Spencer that's going to be ministering the word tonight. Brother Ron's has spoke in this camp since about 1999 for his first time and then different times through the years. We appreciate brother Ron and his ministry and service to the Lord. I've been with him through a lot of different situations and trials. Been with him through the fire or that he was burnt. They were going to harvest his organs in just a few hours. And I saw God come on the scene after I walked into his hospital room and told him, "I have not come I have not come to to to tell him he's going to die, but to tell him that there's a God that will raise up even the dead and cause him to live." [Music] And I've seen the Holy Spirit do a work in his life and deliver him from that. And he had a lung condition because of the fire burnt inside and the Holy the Lord come down and healed him where he had voice again power to preach. Five years ago, he had a diagnosis of [Music] cancer. I went to his place there in Virginia. I think it was in February 5 years ago [Music] 2020. And he had received this diagnosis that he only had a few months to live. And of course I know one thing that goes with cancer is [Music] fear. And it was there while I was there the Holy Spirit come down. Brother Donnie Reagan and I met together and we prayed with him and all the fear left. And on the morning that I was leaving and I would attend his first doctor visit with the specialist there, the the head of the team that would tell him what they would do. And that morning as I lay in bed in the early wee hours of the morning, I sat up quickly and looked toward the heavens as I heard this song. We will see miracles. We shall see giants fall. We'll walk on water. I heard it out of the heavens. I heard voices singing from the heavenly realm that was singing that song. We went together with him there to the treatment center. There was different things that happened even there that I won't go into today. But you know, walking on water might be like Peter. Peter was not just a man that walked on water once. He walked on water twice. You say, "Brother Tim, I've had victory over situations in my life and and I got my eyes off of Jesus and I fell again." Well, I tell you this, God will make you walk on water twice. He'll lift you up. All you have to do is look to him and say, "Jesus, I perish. Save me." He put out a hand to you and he'll bring salvation to your life. We've been through a lot of ups and downs through this time. Actually, it would be February of last year. I would go again, another emergency trip called by the church, the family. Brother Andrew asked me to come again. I had brother Donnie Reagan meet me there. Brother Ron had received a diagnosis in his eyes that he had cancer in both eyes and they would the treatment would be they would take one eye out and the other they would they would treat with chemo. Brother Donnie Reagan ministered in that meeting. And I also ministered in that meeting of the hour has come because we had reached a very very critical hour. Something had to be done because otherwise he would lose an eye and the other perhaps a sight in it also. He would not only have cancer but be blind. Well, you know what kind of diagnosis that is? That's very difficult to take. And I preached on the hour has come and and I said, "The hour has come that we must believe." We prayed with him that day and he would go back to the doctor and spend the whole day going through going from one specialist to the other to the other. The other said, "We're going to Yeah, the cancer is there and this is what we're going to do and we'll rem we'll set you up a procedure. We're going to remove an eyeball today and we'll then start a treatment in there. Yep. The cancer is all [Music] there. And he had the last specialist to go [Music] to. Had to wait a few minutes, maybe up to an hour waiting to see the specialists. And in between that last specialist, the first of the that one before after seeing many that day and coming to the last one, they would examine his eyes one more time, look into it to determine for sure what treatments they would do, and the specialists would walk back in the room and said, "Sir, there's been a mistake, a confusion. You don't have any cancer in those eyes. Just from one doctor to another, just in a few moments time, the whole situation changed. I'm telling you tonight, we serve a God that can take your situation, no matter how bad it is, what the diagnosis is, or how severe the situation is in your house or your family, and in just a moment's time, change it. Change it to say there's none there. Well, you know, with cancer in his eyes, the tumors must be growing. He would go back for more visits for the cancer in the brain because it had jumped from the lungs to the brain. And now he'd actually had brain surgery before and gammaray surgery. And [Music] then the other day he went to the doctor again to the specialist. They took it after 30 something MRIs, you would walk in here, take one more, and the doctor would pronounce, "It's a miracle. You don't have cancer in your brain. The tumors are [Applause] gone." You see, we can walk on water and it makes no difference how rough it gets. He'll make you where you can walk on the waters, the storms in your life, whatever the devil has done to you, and give you a victory like you've never known. Now, Brother Ron still has cancer in other parts of his body. But the same God that removed it from the eyes, that removed it from the brain, can remove it from the lungs, can heal the kidney, can restore his body. Amen. He is a restoring God. I want to declare tonight, we shall see miracles. We shall see fall. We will see it for him. We will see it for you because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let us believe with all our hearts cuz that's what we do. We're believers and believers believe. As brother Ron comes tonight, let's worship the Lord. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible [Music] only. Only believe. All things are possible. [Music] only believe. Sing it to me. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things. [Music] I believe all things are possible. Do you love him tonight? Amen. Has he touched your heart this week? Amen. That's what we come for. We shall see miracles. We shall see giants fall. I don't know if you have a friend like Brother Tim, but let me just say this to you. It's valuable to have a real man, a real Christian in your corner that'll fight when you don't have the energies to fight. Amen. Last year, I stood here and preached in this meeting, and I'll just share this just before we go to the word. And as I preached in this meeting uh on a Saturday service like this and then we had a prayer line. The next morning I wasn't feeling so well and I was not able to come to the service and brother Tim drove me back toward the airport and and we've been buddies a long time and I just didn't feel like hardly even talking. On Monday, I would get home and I would feel okay. And then on Tuesday morning, I woke up and I knew I was in trouble. As the day would progress, my chest would begin to almost explode. And that night about 9:00, Sister Connie, that is such a trooper, she said, "I'm calling the rescue squad." They came and they begin to give me nitroglycerin pills. And you know, I've just been in youth camp. We've just stood in a prayer [Music] line. They haul me to the hospital and I'm in the emergency ward and I'm there about an hour. They're watching all the signs and And in just a few moments, my my room flooded with people. A real kind lady doctor walked in and she said, "Mr. Spencer, I don't want to alarm you, but you're having a massive heart attack." And as I was being wheeled down through the hallways, they told me, said, "Would you like to kiss your wife one more time?" And I said, "I'll kiss her when I get back." He said, "Sir, you've got no promise of getting back." I said, "Oh, yeah. I'm coming [Applause] back." They would begin to stent me, one stent after another. Then the doctor would look at me and said, "I can't do the last one." that's in that widowmaker and it's in really bad spot. And he said, "Mr. Spencer, you're in trouble. We're going to ship you to UVA where you have your cancer treatment." And the next day, they took me [Music] there. They did the treatment. They did the stints. And then begin to warn me, you you got to slow down. You got to kind of take a lot of time off. Well, I have. I'm [Music] here. I just share one more thing with you. And the Lord spoke to me before any of these trials came. And these words came audible to me. If you'll trust me, I'll use you like never before. I want to report to you, I trust him. And maybe you don't know him, maybe like you should, but he's a friend that you can trust. cuz he don't know just what you went through. He knows that, but he knows what you're preparing to go through. Will you trust him? Brother Ron, I don't know if I can believe all that story or not. Well, let me share one more. Our prophet of the age was standing in a [Music] cave and an angel walked in and began to speak to him and told him not to fear, not to tell it all. But he told him, said, "If you can get the people to believe, not even cancer, [Music] I'd like to stand and say what that angel said is true today." Not even cancer. Not even cancer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, you say, "Well, brother Ron, you still got cancer." Let me just say, "He that hath begun a good work." You see, I'm making preparations to ring some bells. And tell the devil, "You gone, [Applause] baby." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. How many of you would have a need in the building tonight? You just like to say, "Brother Ron, would you remember me?" Now, I want you to I want you to do something for me now. The presence of the Lord is all through this building. I want you to invite him where he's at. Where you're at. Father, come by my way. Call your name. Come by my way. Meet my need. Now, maybe you're on the internet listening. Won't you just invite him into your car, in your living room, wherever you're at on your job, just invite him right now. In Jesus name we pray. Heavenly Father, we bow our heads before you now. [Music] We ask you to forgive us of our sins, our mistakes. Father, it will take eternity to thank you for what you have done. [Music] There's no way that I could describe everything that we went through in the last five years. But Father, just to stand here is a testimony that must blow Satan's mind. Now Lord, we invite you to take the throne room of our hearts now and come to minister to every need in this building. and we are taught that our need gets your attention now. Father, I yield myself to you. We ask you to speak to us in a special way. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Won't you shake your neighbor's hand, maybe one or two, and say, "I believe it. I believe I'm going to get a miracle tonight. Hallelujah. I'd like to thank you for the opportunity, Brother Tim and Brother Timothy, and all the team that's here for being able to stand here this evening and uh preach with these young runners. And wow, what what great services we've already had, haven't we? It's just been marvelous. I know you enjoyed that play this morning. Oh, wow. I know you enjoyed that play this morning. And in a moment, you'll know how much I enjoyed that play this morning. Amen. Well, let me just go ahead and tell you when I walked in and saw this set up and knew that I was preaching on the man in the arena. Listen, no man can put all this together. I want you to know that. Amen. If you will turn with me. If you will just Woo. Woo. Help me Jesus. If you will turn with me to Isaiah 54 and verse 17. I want to read the scripture with you. And I would like for you to read it with me. It was quoted today and I want you to read it with me. You know, because words have power and especially when it goes from your heart across your lips. Amen. You will not defeat Satan with your arm strength or your leg strength or your mind strength, but you'll speak you'll defeat him by the spoken word. Amen. No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper, and every tongue that shall rise against thee, and the judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. that you may be seated. Philippians chapter 1 and verse 6 says, "Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Christ." God just don't start a work and then quit the work. You see, this this work just didn't start a couple hundred years ago or maybe even a couple thousand years ago. This was in the mind of God. And and God even created his own enemy. Now, he didn't create a enemy. He didn't create a mambby pami enemy. He created an enemy that would help God reflect himself. The enemy that you fight, you may say, "I'm so tormented by him." He is supposed to fight you because in his fighting, he is bringing character out of you. Amen. Now, Brother Brandham says many, many things and and we can just preface some things. You were pre-planned by God. He knew what age that you would live in. He knew what day that you would arrive. He knew how that he would have to equip you to fight this enemy. He didn't bring you here to be defeated. So, it's not a what if or I I just don't know if I can hold on. You are built to overcome in this day. We were we were driving we were driving back from dinner today and uh Brother Matt Watkins is sitting in the back of the vehicle and he said, "You know, Brother Tim," he said, "I just want to encourage you with some words." He said, "God woke me up this morning." And he said, he said, he woke me up this morning and he said, I sent it to my family and we put it on my wall and he said, I I I I want to share some words with you. And it comes from a man that's a hero of mine named Teddy Roosevelt. Teddy Roosevelt will speak the man in the arena. Teddy Roosevelt was quite a he was quite an individual and he was almost he could only see about 10 foot. So, you know, he couldn't play games, he couldn't play ball, so he was a boxer. And his father knew that he needed some inner strength on the inside of him, not knowing that he's going to be the president of the United States of America. And he begin to develop some things on the inside of him to fight. and and in his fighting and in his in his difficulty to see, you know, when he came to be the president of the United States of America, there was something inside of him that he wanted to build national parks that we could enjoy. Now, he might not be able to see them good, but he was looking for people that would be able to see it one day. He was getting ready to give a speech and it was he was against he was against socialism and he was in a certain place and he was getting ready to give the speech and an assassin shot him in the chest and you know he had to have glasses and he had a metal case in his pocket and behind that metal case he had his speech, the man in the arena speech, the bullet pierced through the metal case and through the through the speech and he says, "I've been shot." Blood pouring out and running down his leg. And they said, "We got to take you to the hospital." He said, "No, I'm going to give the speech." And he stood there for 84 minutes. while blood ran down of his chest and down his leg and he spoke the man in the arena. Brother Matt, when you said and you read this what I'm getting ready to read this morning, I thought my heart was going to explode. So, Brother Tim, may this bring you courage again tonight. He said, "It is not the critic that counts. It's not the man who points out how that the strong man stumbles or whether the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena. Yeah. Whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood. Who strives valiantly. who errors, who comes short again and again because there is no effort without error and shortcoming. But who does but who does actually strive to do the deeds? Who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who spends himself in a worthy cause? Who is at best knows that in the end of triumphance and high achievement? And who at the worst if he fails at least he fails while daring greatly? So that his place shall never be as those cold and timid souls who never knew victory nor defeat. these services is lined up one right after another, one right after another. So I just might as well go to the next note that was already there. And it was given by that great ortor that you spoke of. and he got to the po uh to the podium in his microphone and he said, "We shall fight on the beaches. We shall fight on the landing grounds. We shall fight in the fields and in the streets. We shall fight in the hills. We shall never surrender. We will never surrender. We will fight for our families. We will fight for our children. We will fight for our healing. We will fight for deliverance. We will fight for joy. We will fight for peace. We will fight for the Holy Ghost. We will fight until our our bodies are changed and we're sitting at the marriage supper of the lamb. [Applause] Psalms chapter 27. Brother Brandham would uses that as a rapture text. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life. Of of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes came upon me to eat my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fail. Though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing that I have desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and to inquire in his temple. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion, in the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me, and he shall set me upon a rock. The man that writes this, it puts it to to song, and we can read it today with strength and power. This man knew something about battle. Yeah, he knew something about war. He knew something about having to make sure that he had a god on his side when brothers would turn against him and intimidate him. When nobody, his father would forget him. He was a shepherd with sheep. Yeah. Now listen, you may have had to go through some trials, but your trials as you go through and overcome prepares you for the next trial. So draw strength out of the trial as you go through it because it you are in training. Are you with me? You will know how strong you are by how strong the opponent comes against you. Now, David is taking care of sheep. Do never let it be just poetry that David killed a lion. That was no paper tiger. That was a beast that had come to not only kill sheep, but to kill David. Let me just say, there's going to be some trials that's going to be life and death. He's sanging the songs. He's in preparation. He's in the presence of the Lord. And the enemy comes, a lion. But that's not going to be the end of the story. And then another enemy would come, a bear. And that bear would come. And it's come with a purpose to destroy sheep and destroy David the shepherd. The same enemy we fight wants to destroy churches. destroy sheep, destroy shepherds, but the God that we serve in the time of trouble, he's going to be with us. He's made us a promise. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. [Applause] Hallelujah. You know the story better than I do even now. He gets beckoned. There's a war going on. The war is going on and it seems hot in battle. He's been asked to take food to the battle. Yeah. Now, I want you to understand all of his brothers couldn't step into the arena. The king couldn't step into the arena. Listen, when the enemy is so big and so loud and so boisterous. Even the enemy knows his competition and he know I'm as safe as I can be. None of that backsliding church is coming. But just let him keep screaming. That's right. He just keeps screaming until it falls on the ears of somebody that would take him on. He can scream to denominations. He can scream to your worldly friends. But just let the enemy scream in your ear. That's when he's in trouble. Hallelujah. Well, brother Ron, you know, I'm not much. I I'm not big. I I'm not strong. You know, listen to David's brothers. When he shows up at battle, they begin to make fun of him. Why aren't you back there taking care of this sheep? They wasn't even thankful that he brought them lunch. And he began to ask them, "Who is that uncircumcised for listening that's defying the armies of the living God? Why isn't somebody stepped up to the battle? Why isn't somebody? There's got to be somebody that's going to be the bride of Jesus Christ. [Music] There's been churches and churches and brides. Brides, surely there's going to come one. That's right. The words came to to Saul that there's a there's a boy there's a boy that says, "I'm willing to fight." You know what he did? called him up there and he began to ask him questions and begin to go through things. David didn't give him some long sermon. He just started having a testimony service. He just started having a testimony service. Now listen, when you feel that cold devil start coming around you and the the clouds of depression start coming around you and the friends start turning you down, just start having a testimony service. Just go back and tell him what God's done for you. Listen, you don't have to embellish it. Just tell what God's done for you. When you start talking about God, God comes on the scene. Amen. Now, I I want you to understand that David knew exactly where he was at because he knew he had a living God. That's right. You got to know that you know that you know that you know, brother Ron, how can you guys stand in the pull pit like Brother Tim and Brother Matt and Brother Matt and Brother Kelly and these other ministers that are here? How can you stand so confidently? We had a prophet that was also a boxer and God trained him in as a boxer and then took him by the word of God and he was going to stand night after night after night after night after night with the devil in his face. But he knew where he was at. [Applause] David did not walk off of that hill thinking I'm going to die. He did not walk off that hill thinking, I I hope they build a nice monument for me. No, I I hope they write a song about me. He got down to the bottom of the hill and he picked up five smooth stones. before before we started this battle in November. We were having brother Kelly to come and brother Kelly's brother flew a different flight. He arrived early and brother Kelly he came and he's not there that day. And so then the next night instead of cancelling the service I spoke and God spoke to me and said preach a sermon called don't worry. And then brother Kelly was supposed to be there the next morning and was supposed to have service the next morning. He wasn't going to arrive until about about midm morning and we had to drive a couple hours to pick him up. I didn't know. But I told the audience, I said, "I don't know what Brother Kelly's going to preach, but I'll tell you this. Satan's trying to stop him from delivering the message. When brother Kelly that afternoon we had service and brother Kelly walks to the pullpit, he doesn't tell me just like I didn't tell you guys. He walks to the pull pit and he he had a coin. It was a commemorative coin. It was a coin of D-Day. And and on that coin, it had a piece of sand. One grain of sand in this plastic package glued to it. And the saying on that coin said, "We will not accept anything but total victory." Amen. And he turned to me and he said, "Brother Ron, I've come to bring you this coin." Brother Tim had been to Israel. And when he was in that place where David picked up those rocks, he picked up five stones for me. I'm sorry, this wasn't in my notes, but here we are. And there was a young man in my church that wanted to build me a rifle, a special rifle, about a $5,000 rifle. And I said, "No, I I I don't want you to build me a rifle. I I I don't need that. I I've got guns and uh I believe in the Second Amendment." And and I I I said, "I I've got plenty of guns. I I don't want you to take your money to do that. I I thank you for the gift and uh but I don't want you to do that. On the night that we were to announce to our audience that cancer had struck our body and the doctors is telling us that we had cancer. That young man walked into my study and he said, "Brother, instead of buying you a gun, I bought you a slingshot." So now I've got a slingshot to go with some rocks because God was preparing us for battle. Somehow you have been selected to be the man in the arena in your life. Every one of us fight different things in your life. But let me just say this you God does not leave you. [Applause] Brother Brand says in a contest he said a contest is a test of strength. Where we have the strength. We got to have our strength tested. He would give an illustration about Indians and how they would young warriors would would have a long rope and they tested their strength by trying to pull the other one over into the fire. So tonight I want to say let's pull Satan right back to hell where he's supposed to be at. Brother Ram said, "Satan is powerless. He's powerless toward this bride of Jesus Christ." That's quite a statement, but you got to remind him. Not just your favorite preacher, but you've got to remind him. Brother Random would say this. He said, "I was going into a football stadium one day and I seen this little sign hanging on the wall. It always struck me. It said, "Brother Joe, we can appreciate this. It's not the size of the dog that's in the fight. It's a size of the fight that's in the dog. Brother says, he said, "It's a battle. You got to know your enemy. You've got to know your armor." And your armor is the word. Your enemy is something that'll reason against it. Let's just go back to the word for a moment. Since a child, you know this, the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures, and he leadeth me beside of the still waters. He restoth my soul. He leadth me in the path of righteous for his name's sake. And yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil. My cup runth over. Let's say it together. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life. And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Brother Brandham, the greatest battle ever fought would talk about a man named Peter Cartwright. This last November, I was able to visit his grave. and he's been another kind of hero of mine and I stood beside of his grave and thank the Lord for him. Brother Bram would talk about him and how that he would go into a town just to re refresh your memory. He'd go into a town and and he was going to have a revival there. you know, he's, you know, he's come to have a revival and, uh, you know, he feels led to be there. And, and the town bully, you heard this before. Yeah. Well, it's right here in the notes, too. And the town bully says, "Hey, what are you doing?" He said, "I'm going to have a revival here." He said, "You can't have a revival here. The first thing you're going to have to do is whip me." Brother Brandham said he was cleaning the windows of the building and he said, "Well," he just started climbing down off of the ladder and rolled his sleeves up and he said, "Well, I'll do that next then." And he jumped on the man and pummeled him. Well, that's just one story. Well, I don't know if you know it or not, but Peter Cartright was a politician. He ran and he was quite a leader in the state of Illinois. One of his competitors was a man named Abraham Lincoln. Peter Cartright was such an orator said he was such a great orator until Abraham Lincoln didn't stand a chance and he won the race against Abraham Lincoln. There was another man. They would go from town square to town squares giving their speeches and this links in where I'm going. And they're giving their speeches and his opponent is standing up and he's talking all the kind of nonsense about Peter Cartwright. And Peter Cartrray just stands and with the hundreds of people standing there and he just stands and listens to this man give a speech and he's screaming, "Oh, if Peter Clay was here, I'd whip him. I'd pumble him to the ground. I'd destroy him. I'd show you what a whimp is." Toward the end of the speech, Peter Claright said, "Do you know who he is? And he said, "No, I've never laid my eyes on him." And he said, "I'm Peter Cartwright." He said, "Now you've got the opportunity to come down off of that stage." And to prove to these people that you can do what you said you can do. If not, you're a liar. And Only you people know that this man is a liar. Well, the man jumped down off of the stage embarrassed. Now he's got to face Peter Clark, right? Well, yes, Peter Clark right whipped him. How did you expect this to end? But there was a river down across the street and Peter Cartwright announced, "I'm a preacher and I believe in baptizing. And he said, "I'm going to baptize this man because he needs it. And I'm going to baptize the devil that's inside of [Applause] him." Now, I want you to understand that the word of God is superior to all of your feelings. You heard it. Make a t-shirt up. Well, I want you to know the word of God is superior to all of your feelings. You heard it as you come in to just, you know, maybe you didn't get the right bump, maybe you didn't get the right counselor, maybe you wasn't with the best friend. And and you know, you knew that you was the person that he was talking about. God knows how to find you in a service. That's right. You walked into this the stage today and and they begin to explain boxing and you say, "Well, what what on earth does boxing have to do with with these services?" Well, these next few quotes are in my notes before I ever got here, so I might as well read them. What do you think? Brother Brim says, "And you know your enemy." He says, "And train for the contest that's going to have when you go and meet him because you're going to meet him and know him and know and know what his strength is and train for this contest. And when you do meet him, for it's one thing for sure, you're going to meet him." So you train for the contest. Now training for a contest is is just like a boxer. His enemy that he's going to meet out there in the contest to fight. A really good fighter usually knows and studies his opponent. He studies his licks. He knows where he's fighting for. He knows where to lean forward, hang back. He fights right-handed or he fights left-handed. He studies all of this and then if he's good and he's a smart fighter, he gets him a sparring partner that'll fight like his opponent fights and for he'll know all of his licks when you get to that place. Next quote. He said, "When I first started training for boxing, I got in professional fighting. There used to be a trainer, they called him sixcond Smith." Remember, Brother Brand said he'd just about knock him out of the ring and knock other people out of the ring. And he said, and I said, "Six, why do you have to do that to me? You just knocked the breath out of me, man. And I went I went plum over the ropes. Come out of there and then against them chairs and and like I broke my back on them. He laughed and he said, "That'll do you good." I said, "Do me good. How can it do me good? You're about to kill me." And he said, "Look, Billy, I don't care how physically fit you are. Your body has got to be able to stand and come back. Come back. If you can take that punch, if your body's not used to it, coming back, you'll lay there and take the count. Am I preaching to you? Am I getting to you? You got to be ready to take the punch cuz the punch is coming. But if your body's used to it to taking it, then it's going to come back. And every time you get hit, that shocks your blood and runs it back to your heart. He said, "If you do that, then your body is used to coming back quick." When you get knocked down, Brother Brown Knight snaps his fingers on your feet again. Yeah, it's no shame in getting knocked down. Get up. Brother, but I've been knocked down. I got all these issues. Get up. Get up. That don't mean nothing to get knocked down up on your feet again. Said, "You may hate me now, but you'll appreciate me when you get out there in the ring." And he said, That was right. You remember, Brother Brandon was undefeated as a professional boxer. So, he learned what he had to do while he was training. He said, "Brother, sometime I I'd have to not to to see who who would have wouldn't have it, but but I found something. Don't baby them. Pour it on. You'll appreciate me when you come to Calvary. Oh, brother Ron, brother Brandon preaches so hard. Jezebel religion, you'll appreciate him. Hybrid religion, you'll appreciate him. Things that are to be, you'll appreciate him. Possessing the enemy gates, you'll appreciate him. But brother, he burned my hide so much. My pastor burns my heart so much. You'll appreciate him. See, what you've got to do is look past the vessel. You got to look past the vessel that's speaking to you. That's right. Many years ago, I learned this in a sermon. Whether it's 45 minutes or two hours, I look for one sentence that'll speak to my heart because I know that minister has studied to show himself approved. He's laid time out to get prepared for the meeting. [Music] And God wants to talk through that vessel to you. And if you can just get yourself out of the way just a little while and grab a hold of that word of God, [Applause] you'll appreciate them at the end of the road. Brother B says, "Why does God let troubles come?" Believe we could all ask that sometimes. God harnesses troubles and puts bits in its mouth and makes it obey him. Notice these next words. For those troubles bring us into closer fellowship. To God I got this and I I shared it before. I went I want to share it tonight. I asked God, "Why are you taking me through the water?" And he replied, "Because your enemies can't swim." I want you to understand, God just didn't build you to see if he could do it. Can I preach to you just for a little bit? God just don't make a tree to see if he can make a tree. He just don't make an ocean just to see if he can make it. You are no accident with God. You are no accident with God. Sharon, would you stand up there just for a moment? Sharon is a young man that I've known City since he was a boy. Sharon's got a phenomenal testimony if you got time to listen to it sometime. Brother Sharon, he came to this meeting. He drove by himself 1,900 miles. When he left the other day, he sent me a note. I'm getting ready to leave. I left my grandparents place. And and I told him I was coming and and he got in the car and I told him, I said, "Keep me posted as you're going." And he asked me, he said, "Brother Ron, what sermons should I listen to while I'm while I'm traveling?" You know, not what song or what sermons cuz he was feeding. You think, "Well, I'm just driving and it's just background noise." No, it's not background noise. It's preparing you for a fight. Now you see this young man is incredible musicians. Now let me just say this to you. In his preparation, he has to be able to tell the devil, "Nope, I'm not selling my gift to nobody." And maybe he would get an offer $10 million to play in some rock group or some some western country group or some of these other groups. Let me just say playing on a stage for the bride of Jesus Christ gives you top dollar. So Sharon's a good-looking chap. He's available. He's got money. He's come to this juke camp for a couple of years. It doesn't seem to be working. But you know, one day, one day, one day. But God just didn't make him nicel looking. He just didn't make him tall and handsome, certain color hair, certain color eyes, just to see if he could do it. Your brother's ribbing you right now. I know it is. And he can just be thankful to God I didn't call him up. And God just doesn't watch over the DNA since Adam to get you here just to see if he can do it. You're born a certain weight. You're, you know, you're you're you're about that long. You know, in those crazy measurements in Canada, you begin to grow and you begin to be what little boys do and then what teenagers do. and you go through your rebellious stage and all of a sudden God begins to deal with your heart and you begin to get pulled toward God turning down the world because God's got a purpose in your life. Amen. Are you with me? I'm not just talking to him. I'm talking to all of you. He's got a purpose in your life. He took a photo of you before the foundation of the world. He just didn't do it to see if he could do it. He's got a purpose. [Applause] Now, in serving the purpose, you have been raised in the message. Being raised in the message, you've got a PhD degree of hearing all the sermons through all the years. But Satan's not impressed with that. He's really He's really not impressed with that. Being a good musician, he's not so impressed with that. Driving a car fast and getting a ticket, he's not impressed with that. Having a good job and making money, he's not impressed with that. But I tell you what turns his head when you take this word of God and you make it live. And Satan has done everything that he can to stop you over and over and over and over and over again. But you took the word of God and kept marching and kept marching and kept marching. There were days that you didn't feel like it. There was days you feel like quitting. There was days you felt like turning around, but you kept marching. Why, brother? He recognize I'm the man in the arena. Thank you. Does he have scoffers? Sure he does. I know his story. Does he have family that makes fun of him? Sure he does. But he's a man in the arena. Let your scoffers scoff. They're not going to do anything anyway. Brother Ron, but Facebook just tears me all to pieces. So what? They are as close to heaven as they'll ever get. But you are as close to hell as you'll ever get. [Applause] Now, Brother Brandham said this. He said, "I'm so glad I love this quote. I'm so glad that a man can so completely serve God till the devil don't know what to do with him." Amen. I want to read it again to you. I'm so glad that a man can so completely serve God until the devil. Don't know what to do with him. Brother, I haven't done anything supernatural being here. being here. Tell your neighbor right now, I am a miracle just to be here. Just so you get it, tell your other neighbor, I am a miracle, brother. I've never seen a miracle. You just witnessed to one and then you turned your head and witnessed to another one. This is what was in my notes. So, you know, here we are. Now, you know, you do not know even what your best friend's going through at the moment. They're here, but they've they have been going through stuff all week. They have been fighting and fighting and fighting and the clouds got darker and darker and darker. Oh, brother Ron, but that's just for us guys in the pew. What about the preachers? What about the guys that preached to you the last couple of days? You don't know the difficulty that the devil tried to stop them with. I don't know it, but I know I know how Satan works. He will do his best cuz he knows that they are the men in the arena. They're going to speak something supernatural to God's children. Now, You heard it mentioned today of a man named Muhammad Ali. I'm just going to share something real carnal here. He was one of my favorite boxers and you heard it today. Uh, flow like a butterfly, sting like a bee. I'm Muhammad Ali. And he had a a thing that he did called it rope a dope. He would back up and put his his gloves over his face and he back into the corner and his opponent would just beat him and beat him and beat him and beat him and he would stick his head out and go, "Is that all you got?" I want you to look at the devil and say, "Is that all you got?" Now, Muhammad Ali was champion over and over again, but he too got knocked down. He he too he too got whipped bad. He had a trainer named Angelo Dundee. Angelo Dundee called it the the House of Horrors. When you get so hit so hard till that hit hits you to where that you lose your thinking of who you are, where you are, even where the opponent is in front of you. You lose your senses. your arms go numb and your legs go numb, your mind gets fuzzy. And it's a called, it's a boxing term called househares. And now after he's coming out of the ring after being whipped, he said, "You got to do whatever you got to do to get me through the house of horrors." Because we as Christians are going to get knocked. We're going to get knocked because there's punches coming. Some of you are not going to see coming, but we're going to get knocked to a place of the house of horrors of our lives. So they brought in sparring partners after sparring partners to hit him, knock him. One day he said, "You've got to get me somebody that won't just play, but that will knock me out. so I can get my way through it cuz I've got to be the champion again. Listen, training, reading your Bible, and praying, testifying, it's hard work sometimes, but it'll do you good. This man entered the ring and the first thing he asked him said, "Are you afraid of me?" He said, "No, Mr. Ali, I'm not afraid of you." He said, "Good. You're the opponent that I've been looking for." You see, the devil's not scared of you, but he's scared of who you represent. Day after day, this man would knock him and beat him, knock him down, knock him out. Dundee would tell him, said, "You got to get through it. Don't just take the punch and lay there. You got to get through it. You got to get up. Get the inner man fighting. You got to fight. You've got to fight. You're not looking for 15 people to come help you. You got to fight. You got to fight. Don't quit. Don't quit. Doctor after doctors asked me, "Are you ready to quit?" "No, sir." And if I don't answer him quick enough, my wife said, "We're not quitting." [Music] Finally, the rematch came. He stepped into the ring. And in the ring, he met the man that had knocked him into that room. Today, he had to respect him, but he had to believe when this bout is over, I'm going to win. His wife wasn't in the ring with him. His managers wasn't in the ring with him. His best friends was not in the ring with him. It was him. Am I driving it? Is it Are you getting it? Brother Ron, I'm so alone. We're supposed to be We're supposed to be Thank God that we got hundreds and hundreds of friends all over the world. But let me just say this to you. You got to fight the devil. At the greatest battle of your mind, you've got to take the word, put it upon your lips, quote the word. Amen. You got to know that you know that you know that you have the token applied on your life. And when you would give up, he's on the inside of you. We're preaching to somebody. I know I am. I know I am. That evening, that boxer did the same thing that he did before. And when he got in the ropes, the man knocked him and he went blind. He became confused. He felt his arms trying to droop. He felt his legs trying to droop. And he remembered like a man named Samson. Yeah. If I can only come to myself, if I can only come to myself, I won't have to be at this grinding meal much longer. They may have put out my eyes. They may have cut my hair off. They may have took me and I've lost my identity. But I am a son of Abraham. The bell rings, he finds him way to the corner. Maybe we would call it a Sunday morning service and your corner man gets in your face and starts screaming in your ear. He don't tell him how to box. He knows how to do that. He don't tell him what to do. He reminds him who he is. That's what we do as preachers. [Applause] There's a God that's on the inside of you knows how to fight. There's a Holy Ghost down on the inside of you that's greater than he that is in you, than he that is in the world. God will fight your battles for you. But children of God, if you can just shake yourself, shake yourself, shake yourself and say, "This is my night. This is my moment. This is my hour. I am the man in the arena. I'm not I'm not Angelo Dundee, but I'm going to borrow his words. He whispered into his ears. You are a champion. You are a champion. Act like it. No doubt brother Brandham could remember 6 seconds Smith knocking him out of the ring beat him in the moment it seemed horrendous falling off a house and they say you'll never walk again getting hit by lightning write a book one day getting burned in a fire and they said I'd never live through it and I had a buddy come and Angelo Dundee stood in my room and said I didn't come to preach a funeral. I'll tell you what his words was. He said, "I started preaching to the faith that was down on the inside of you cuz my wife couldn't do it. Our churches couldn't do it. Prayers around the world couldn't do it. I had to remember in that comeoma state. I had to remember who I am. [Applause] He preached, Brother Tim preached in those services. God will have a testimony. He preached before the miracle happened. God will have a testimony. Then he preached on God's Hall of Fame. Thank God I made it. When he preached God will have a testimony, I would had no plans of going here tonight. But when he preached on God Will Have a Testimony, Sister Connie left the hospital. And of course, I was in the burn unit. And she knew her strength came from the word of God. I'm not criticizing nobody, but listen, laying there, sitting there looking at me in that horrible state wasn't bringing her strength. She knew I had to get to church. She knew she had to hear what God's man would say. And it inspired faith on the inside of her. Are you with me now? The doctors was telling her, "He's not going to live. But God said I would. The doctor sat on my bed and told me with this cancer fight after they did a brain getting ready to do brain surgery, one of two surgeries, and they took out a big old tumor out of the back of my head. And he said, she said, "You'll have about four months to live. Get all your affairs in order." But I remembered what they told me when they told me, "You'll never walk again." My words in response to them was, "You don't know who you're talking to." It's not a right and mighty Ron Spencer. This Ron Spencer's been in the floor and Sister Connie getting him up. This Ron Spencer fought seizures for five years. This Ron Spencer has fought chemo and everything that goes with it. Organs dying. But listen, it ain't me, it's him. Help me, God. I was Can I tell you one more story? I was I'm not a fisherman, but I preached a meeting in Alaska and they were they took me fishing. They went to the store, bought me a $10 license, gave me a reel, a rod and a reel that I really didn't know how to operate. And I had to get out in the water. I'm scared to death of water. I get out in the water and I'm standing there. I'm throwing the reel. And listen, there's people all beside me pushing beside him. We're throwing in the same hole. And there's a guy standing beside of me and he says, "Uh," he said, "Uh, what'd you pay to get here?" I said, "I don't know. What did you pay?" He said, 'Well, my God behind me, he charged me $5,000 and said, "We're going to have a great day." And I'm standing there thinking, I just paid $10. Well, there's a guy on the left side of me. He began to talk to me. He said, "You're around these parts?" I said, "No, I'm a Virginia boy." He said, "You have eagles back home?" I said, "You know, we have sparse eagles. We got one or two and we'll see them and we'll call it a significant supernatural day if we see an eagle. We'll say God's speaking to us if we see an eagle." He said, "Well, we got eagles all over the place up here." He said, you know, he said, "If you'll watch these eagles," he said, "they'll come down and they'll grab a fish. They're better fishermen than we are." I said, "Yeah." He said, "Watch them." Sure enough, after a little while, we saw one come down, grab a grab a salmon, took off and gone, you know, and he said, he said, 'You know, of course, he didn't know who he was talking to. He said, you know, he said, uh, I was here one day and one of these eagles, he said, you know, they have opponents. He said, they have an enemy. Yeah. And he said, this eagle was flying and he said, I was just watching him. He said, "I was admiring him, you know, standing here fishing, getting no bites." And he said, "I was watching him." He said, "He was just flying." And, you know, he was so beautiful. And all of a sudden, this bird hit him in his head from out of nowhere. And that bird, that eagle started going as it comes down. It's just coming. It's coming and it's coming. And he said, "You'll never believe this," but he was about to splash down in the water and he said he shook [Music] himself right now. I'm about ready to dance with him. You know, he don't know he's talking to an eagle standing right beside of him. He don't know this is going to be really good sermon material. He said when that eagle realized he was all right, that bird that had attacked him was in trouble. I want to scream to you. Shake yourself. Shake yourself. Your wings are still strong. Your beak is still strong. You're built to withstand the pressure. You're built to rain over the dominion of the skies. You may have got hit. You may have got knocked out. Shake your s. It's probably not a good place to quit. There's a girl named Aaliyah KS here. She here. Could she stand? You didn't know what I was going to preach. You had no idea what I was going to preach. You wrote it to me thinking that me and Sister Connie was going to be the only ones that would get to hear it. But when I opened the package the other day, I said, "This is my finishing statement." You see, it's on the inside of you. You, you, you, you, you. And she writes me a poem. And this poem says, "Take that devil. When I fall, he lifts me up. When I fail, he forgives me. When I'm weak, he is strong." When I am lost, he's my way. Amen. When I'm afraid, he's my courage. Amen. When I stumble, he steadies me. When I'm hurt, he heals me. When I'm broken, he mends me. When I'm blind, he leads me. When I'm hungry, he feeds me. When I face trials, he is with me. When I face problems, he comforts me. When I face loss, he provides for me. When I'm dry, he is my cup. When I face death, he carries me home. Amen. He is my God and I am his and he is mine. He is with me and he is for me. [Applause] said, "Well, brother Ron, that that's just really nice that she sent there." Well, let me give you a little background. That day, I had 10 seizures. And when I w opened it up and I read it, God whispered in my ear, "I told you I'm with you. What good did it do, brother Ron? Did the seizure stop? No. But it told me there's light at the end of the tunnel. I I'm sorry. I just want to share a couple things. He said, 'I shall not live. I shall not die, but live and dequire the works of the Lord, for thou hast chasened me sore, but he hath not given me over to death. Psalms 118, 17, and 18. Luke chapter 1 and verse 37 says, "For with God nothing is impossible." Amen. Yes. Isaiah 41:10 says, "Fear thou not, for I am with thee. Be not dismayed. For I am thy God. I will strengthen thee. Yay, I will help thee. Yay, I will uphold thee with the right hand of of my righteousness." Can I give you one more? For God hath not given us the spirit of fear. God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love, out of a sound mind. The scripture tells us if God before us. If God before us, I want to ask you, how big is your God? My God spoke the worlds into existence. Everything you see, God spoke into existence. More than just squirrels, more than a silver tip grizzly bear, more than a 42. Are you with me now? My God said, "Let there [Applause] be." And he believed his own word. Where was you, Job? Where was you, Kelly? Where was you, brother Tim? Where was you when I laid the foundations of the earth? I got your battle, brother Tim. I feel the Holy Ghost. Now, the critic might say, "Well, you know, you know Tim Pru is a man. Duh. But I don't know if you've looked past the veil. He's not paying me to say this, but I've been around a long time. He's one of the greatest preachers that ever lived in history. Boot devil. Well, what about our imperfections, Brother Ron? If you remember David that we started with after he conquered a lion and a bear and Goliath and thousands of people were slain and his his he became a great a great king and they conquered nation after nation after nation. He said, "After I wonder I wonder if there's any of Saul and Jonathan's family that's still living." Come on. And then you begin to make a search and there was a crippled boy that the nurse jumped out the window and crushed his legs and he would be crippled the rest of the days of his life and they found him. Mphibichef did not realize when the chariots of the king came to get him. No doubt the the enemy whispers in his ear, "They're going to kill you. They're going to kill you. You're part of Saul's family. You're part of Jonathan's family." And you know how they do former kings? They kill the whole family. The great mighty soldiers get out and lead him to the chariot. I don't know. But he makes his way makes his way to the chariot. It's the nicest chariot he's ever seen. And he gets up in it. Now going through his mind, the devil is whispering, "They're going to kill you. You'll never see your family again. You're just another monument." Those soldiers are sworn to secrecy. When they get him there, they take his clothes off and they give him a robe. Not just any robe. A king's family robe. And they set him up in a room and a part of the castle. Not just a dungeon, but they put him in the nicest nicest room he's ever been in. And nobody looks around and goes, "What is all of this about?" And it comes supper time. And all of the generals and all the family sat down at David's table. Yeah. And David's watching toward the end of the end of the table, waiting on another guest. And they hear stumbling down through the hall a boy making his way. He don't have armor like all of Joab and all of his men. He don't have great big soldiers like shoulders like a lot of those soldiers, but he's the man in the marina. Amen. He makes his way into the banqueting hall. He looks across this long celebrity table. From this day forward, he has a place at the table. Let me tell you something about our father's table. When Mphibichef sat down and he pulled his legs around under the table and the cloth covered over top of him from here up he was perfect. God knows how to take care of all of our imperfections. Now tonight we come many of us have needs. Yeah. Now, no doubt the enemy has wared with you, trying to keep you from coming to the meeting, maybe even getting sleepy during the services. And maybe even as I went through the sermon, you didn't realize that this sermon was now coming to your turn. For we walk through prayer lines individually. No man is a healer. No man is a healer. God is the healer. And before you ever get touched by a minister or anointed with all, you got to do some talking. You may never get to walk through a prayer line again in your life. You say, "Brother Ron, I don't know God. I came to this meeting. I don't know nothing about God. I'm backslid. I've been on the run from God." Tonight's the time to get it fixed. Come on. Are you with me? Tonight's the night to get it fixed. Brother Ron, I've been riding the fence. Tonight's the night to get it fixed. Brother Ron, I need the Holy Ghost. Tonight's the night. No man can give it to you, but God's here to do it. He's here to do it. Now, I've sat in now hundreds and hundreds of practicing physicians call specialist and they point at screens and go, "There's your cancer. There's cancer." Now, if it's left alone, if it's left alone, it'll not just eat that cell, but it'll eat all kind of cells. And then it'll eat organs. It'll destroy it. And cancer brings friends, sugar, diabetes, all different kinds of things. But our prophet said, "Don't you fear it. Don't you fear it, brother. I've got a horrible disease. Don't you fear it. Don't you fear it. You heard him say just a little while ago about going to the eye clinic. Four specialists had already told me that I had eye cancer in both eyes. Sister Connie and I was sitting at the end of about an 80 foot hallway waiting and the next specialist is going to take the time to take my eye out and he's going to shoot chemo in my other eye. And they've already told me it's a good possibility I'm going to be blind. But I got another report. She and I walk down that hallway one step at a time and I can hear her say, "Jesus, help us. Jesus, help us. Jesus, help us. Jesus, help us." She's going down that hallway and we step in there. He's with us. We wait about an hour. He comes in. He looks in my eyes and he said, 'Well, everything looks fine to me. You know, sometimes it happens so quick you go, "What? What?" And he walks out. He said, "I'll see you in six months." And I said, "Hey, we've been told by four of your team that I have eye cancer. I I've been getting call after call I got eye cancer to get myself prepared." She said, 'I'll bring him back in. He walks in. He sits down under his desk. He folds his feet. He laughs. He said, 'Well, well, it was a miscommunication. So, you mean at the other end of the hall I had it? And at this end of the hall, I don't have it. I don't do steps. Well, so I'm going to do an act of faith here. So you get in the prayer line and you four different demons have told you you got it. And they tell you even when you get here, you got it and you're going to have it the rest of your life. I I I'm not really good at measurements, but let's just say this is 80 ft. Oh yeah. And you go, Jesus, Jesus, help me. Jesus, help me over there. You had it. But over here, you ain't got it no more. That's my God. That's my God. He never fails. He never gets in a crisis. He never turns around and walks away. He is the mighty conqueror. He said, "I have power to lay my life down and power to take it up again." We have an empty tomb. You're going to kill me. Now, I want you to do a little exercise before we start. Testimony starts sometimes before the cancer's gone. Sometimes cancer comes before the trial is over with. Sometimes the the enemy is all over you and you just start testifying. The curse is over. You just start preaching sermons like the hurt will not the hurt that you're fighting will not destroy the music. You preach sermons like this. Take it back. You have heard me for five years preach testimonies and I've stood here before you tonight as a living example of what brother Brandham was talking about in a cave with an angel is effective. If you've got any doubts about the message, look right here. If there's any questions that you've got about the supernatural, look right here. I want to tell you this message works. [Applause] Maybe in your spirit you're going, "If I can just make it through this service, I'm going to go back and be the same way I've always been. I'm going I'm going to try to keep myself numb and neutral. I'm not going to try to get myself all worked up. I'm going to go back and be an alcoholic. I'm going to go back to my drugs. I'm going to go back to the wrong kind of girls, the wrong kind of music. Let me just say this to you. Fight all you want to, but there's nothing out there. There's nothing out there worth going to hell for. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. There's not a job. There's not a sports contract. There's not a woman. There's not a man worth going to hell for. Nobody. Why don't you just take your excuses right now and lay them down and say, "I'm tired of carrying these burdens. I've got to get to Jesus. My final pull to you now is while preaching to you and telling you these stories, God allows us into a channel into your life. And you know, you know, some of your backslid, you know, if you don't get it in a meeting like this, you don't have a fighting chance. Don't laugh me away. I'm the best friend that you can have right now. These men have give their life. Brother Tim has gi his life. Brother Timothy has given his life. All these workers have gave their life so that you could have an opportunity to go wash Jesus's feet. Listen, in eternity, you will not be known as a great basketball player. In hell, they don't even give credit for that. You'll not be known as some great millionaire or some great businessman. You'll not be known by what kind of hot car you're driving, how cool you are. That's right. But if you can get Jesus in your life that's trying to pull on your life. If you can make your way, if you can make your way. I'm tired of feeding hogs. I'm tired of slapping pigs. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. The servants eat better than I'm eating. I got to get to Jesus. Brother Ron, it seems like you pointed me out. You remember the ring? Yeah. You're the man in the arena. And I got to get it to you. No, there's not actors with black covers over their head now. But there's spirits that I have fought while I preached that's trying to protect you and to try to keep you from getting to Jesus. They're trying their best. They're igniting your mind. They're igniting you. Trying to keep you from getting what you really need. Come on. Why don't you defy the armies of the the devil right here tonight and say, "I'm sick of you. I'm sick of you. I asked for some shamguards tonight. Pick up your stick. Pick up your stick." We know Shamgar today because he recognized who he was in eternity. I want to shake your hand and if you don't mind, you don't have to do it tonight. Amen. But I want to shake your hand and you walk up to me. I'm going to be redheaded, 5 foot five, 165 pounds. Do you remember that night in Dry Creek when you said you was going to quit 20 minutes before you actually did and you came to my house and you literally called my name? Thank you for taking the time to come after me. You cared enough, brother Ron to come after me. In all the filth of my life, Jesus sent you after me. Yeah. And I'm eternally grateful. How you know, brother Ron? Six Second Smith said, "You'll appreciate it. Could we bow our heads just for a moment? If our ministry routine will come, heavenly father, I've stood on this stage many times, but I can't say I ever felt as much of the power of God as I have felt tonight. No man can put these thoughts together, meetings like this together, just to have a protractive meeting. But God, you come to do business. You went to a man's house and let them shame you, knowing there was a woman that would come that was not welcome in any church. Her only hope was you. Everybody was making fun. She kneled at your feet. It was so emotional. The tears ran from her eyes. So much she was able to wash your feet. There was no towel provided. You just took her hair and dried your feet. No doubt there's some of those type of people here tonight. Let them turn now. Turn a corner. Walk away from a bad life, a wicked history, and let God make all things new. Amen. Father, you said come unto me all ye that are heavy and heavy laden and I'll give you rest. My yoke is easy, my burden is light. Father, you knew before the meeting start there would be people with cancer that you would heal. People with seizures that you would heal. Amen. People that needed the Holy Ghost that you would feel. Amen. Families that were in bad situations that you'd bring back together. Lost sons and daughters that they would find their way to Jesus Christ. Amen. Lord, you see those that were haunted, devils fighting in every way. You came to this meeting to set them free. A greater than Solomon is in the building tonight. Father, we have stood up to the bully and we recognize as the words are whispered into our ears, Ron Spencer, you're a champion. You're a champion in Bleia. I built you to fight. Get up. Get up. Keep getting up. You're the final voice to the final age. I give you the keys to the kingdom. Now, Lord Jesus, we surrender our hearts to you now. I'm no prophet but father as the prophet said I take every spirit in this building under my control because the god of the prophets is here and Lord Jesus I ask you come touch this audience now come help them come minister to their lives Lord in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. And amen. A young girl named Sophie Lays in Saskatoon Hospital. She's 10 years old. She's an only child. She was singing perfect shape the last weeks, years of her life. But the other day she had a brain [Music] bleed. She can't talk. She can't function. And the doctor says that she'll never return to [Music] normal. But it so happens there's a nurse that started telling her a testimony about a preacher with cancer. that had brain cancer. And the other day he got a clean scan. And that Catholic family said, "We got to get to a God like that." They're watching the service tonight. I want to tell you, family of sofa, we're praying for you. Amen. I want to tell you, don't give up. If it don't happen today, believe for it tomorrow. If it don't happen tomorrow, believe for it the next day. You just keep looking to Jesus, the author and the finisher of your [Applause] faith. God bless you. God bless you as you come. Amen. You want him to come this way, brother. Amen. If you'll just make your way this way and Amen, brother Timothy. Amen. Just go out that way and come around. Come around. You raised your hands. You have a need. Won't you come in the name of Jesus? [Music] He is here. Hallelu. He is [Music] here. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is [Music] here. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. He is here. [Music] Hallelu. He is here. Amen. [Music] He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out. your name. He is here. You can touch him or you will never be the same. He's Jehovah Gyra. [Music] Oh my [Music] proider, for you are more than [Music] enough for me. And [Music] Jehovah, you are my [Music] healer. [Music] He Lord, it's by your stripes that I am set free. and Jehovah. [Music] You are with me and you [Music] supply all my [Music] needs. And you are more [Music] You are more. You are so much more than enough for [Music] me. You're Jehovah. Oh my [Music] proider. Oh, you are more than enough. for me and [Music] Jehovah. Lord, you're my healer. It's by your stripes. Oh yes, Lord. I know that I set [Music] free and Jehovah. You are with me and you supply. Oh [Music] my you are born. [Music] Yes Lord. You're more [Music] Lord. You are many for [Music] me. Oh, you are more than enough. so much more than. Oh, you are more than enough for me. And I love you. Oh yes. I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, because you first love me. [Music] Oh, you are so preious to me. And Lord, you are so precious to me. And I love, Lord. I love you. I love you. [Music] Oh, because you first love [Music] me. Oh Lord, you are so preious to me. [Music] Oh [Music] Lord, you are so precious to me. And I love I love you, oh Lord. I love you. Oh, because because you first. Yes. Love me. And I love you. Oh yes, I love I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, because you love me. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness. Oh, and all of my life. Whoa. Lord, you've been so good. So, so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness, oh Lord, your goodness is running after. is running after me. Your goodness is running after is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running out. Oh, it's running out. Your goodness, Lord, your goodness is running after is running after me. Your goodness is running after is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness, oh is running after me. Your goodness is running after is running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after me. And all my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness. Say it again. All my life, oh, all my life you have been faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Holy, holy, holy are you [Music] Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. [Music] All the elders and angels bow. The redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. We're sing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh, holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. [Music] And the elders and angels bow. The redeemed worship you now. Oh, holy, holy, holy are you Lord. And we sing worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. And the elders and angels bow. The redeemed worship you now. Oh worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. We sing out. Worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. All the elders and angels bow and the redeemed worship you now. Oh worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. The elders and angels bow. The redeemed worship you. Oh worthy, worthy, worthy. [Music] The spirit of the Lord is there is freedom I am free. Amen. Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. I am free. [Music] Amen. Oh, where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. I I am free. Amen. Oh, where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom, I am free. Amen. Oh, and where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. I I am free. Amen. And where the spirit of Oh, there is freedom. And I I am free. Amen. Cuz you're the God who fights for me. The Lord of every victor. Oh [Music] halleluah hallelu and you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh hallelu. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelujah. Oh hallelu and you have torn apart. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. I won't forget. I won't forget the wonders of how you brought deliverance. The exodus of my heart. You found me. You freed me. Held back the water for my release. Oh Yahe. And you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelu. And you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Oh. Hallelu. A cloud by day is a sign that you are with me. The fire by night is a guiding light for my feet. You found me. You freed me. Held back the water from my release. Oh Yahe. And you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every vic. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Yes. Hallelu. And you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. [Music] Hallelu. Oh hallelujah. You're the God. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victor. Oh hallelujah. Yes. Hallelu. And you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh, say hallelujah. You are the God. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Oh hallelu. And you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through it. [Music] Hallelu. Oh hallelu. You stepped into my Egypt. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the promised land. Now I will not forget you. I'll sing of all you've done. Death is swallowed up forever by the fury of your love. You stepped into my Egypt. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the pro. Now I will not forget you. Oh, I'll sing of all you've done. Death is swallowed up forever. By the furious say, you stepped into my angel. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the cross. Now I will not forget you. Oh, I see of all you've done. Death is swallowed up forever by the fury of your [Music] love. And you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Oh hallelujah. Yes. Hallelu. And you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, you are the God. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Oh hallelu. You have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. And holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Victory has a name and it's [Music] Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Redemption has a name and it's Jesus. Holiness. Oh, holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Oh, victory has a name and is Jesus. [Music] Oh, the word has a name and is Jesus. Redemption has a name and it's Jesus. Oh, amen. [Music] Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen and amen. Oh, amen. for blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. A amen. Oh. Oh. Blessing and honor, glory, power. Amen. I know what is love. to be in the presence of the Lord. And I know what time it is. [Music] Time stood still and bies were [Music] healed. Families [Music] restored because we stayed here. In your presence, [Music] Lord, no one had to say a [Music] word. Couldn't even make a sound. [Music] Oh, but I'll give up everything for this treasure I [Music] found. I never wanted [Music] to. So I'll say stay. Oh yes, Lord. I don't want you to go. My heart is burning. In your presence, Lord. Oh yes, Lord. Leave still. Oh, I don't want you to go. Oh, my heart is burning. Oh, in your presence, Lord. [Music] And I want more. Oh, I want more. Yes, I want [Music] more. Oh Jesus, I want more. [Music] Oh, and I want more. Oh, I want more. Yes, I want more. Oh, Jesus. Say, Jesus, I want more. I want more. Oh, just proclaim it to him now. Say, I want [Music] more. Yes, I want more. Oh, Jesus. Yes, Jesus. I want more. [Music] Hey, I want [Music] more. Oh, I want more. Yes, I want more. Jesus, I want more. [Music] So I'll stay. [Music] Where else would I go? My heart is burning [Music] in your presence, oh Lord. [Music] So I'll [Music] stay. Where else would I [Music] go? My heart is burning. Oh, in your presence alone. And I want [Music] more. Yes, I want more. Oh, I want more. [Music] Oh Jesus, I [Music] want and oh how I love him. How I adore. Oh, you're my breath, Lord. You are my breath, my [Music] sunshine. You are my [Music] own. Oh, the great. He became my savior. and all God's fullness. Oh, dwell in him. Oh, how I love him and oh how I love [Music] him. How I adore him. He is my breath. He's my sunshine. Lord, you're my holy Lord and the great creator. [Music] He became my savior and all God's holiness in him. The great creatator [Music] became my [Music] savior and all God's fullness dwell in [Music] him and worthy is your name Jes. [Music] Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name. Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name. name. Jesus, you deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Oh, worthy is your name, [Music] Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. And worthy is your name [Music] Jesus. You deserve the praise. Is your name and there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, break every chain. And there is power and it's in the name of [Music] Jesus. Oh Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus. Every chain break every chain. Every every chain break every chain. Break every chain. Break every Oh, and there's an army rising up. Oh, there's an army rising up. Oh, there's an army rising up. Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] Oh, and there's a bride. And she's rising up. Oh, there's a bride. She's rising up. There's a bride. She's rising up. Oh, to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, there is power in the name. There is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power. of Jesus. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Break every [Music] chain. Oh, to break every chain. Break every chain. Every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. [Music] I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation was only a star. Now I am chosen, [Music] free and forgi. I have a future and it's worth living. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name, born and raised [Music] back. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. Oh, I know who I am. Cuz I know who you [Music] are. The cross of salvation, oh, is only a star. And now I am [Music] chosen, free and forgi. Oh, I have a future and it's worth living. I wasn't made to be tended and brave. I was called by name, born and raised back to life. Oh, I was made whole. Oh, so why would I make a bed in my shame when I found him? Oh, was running mine. I know I am yours. I wasn't made. Oh, I wasn't made to be standing in a grave. I was called by name and raised back to life again. Oh, I was born again. Why would I make a bed in my shape when a mountain of grace is running my way? Oh, I was [Music] makelelu. You called out my name, so I'll sing your praise. Hallelujah. You've buried my past and I'm not going back. Oh, hallelujah. You called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. I know you buried my past and I'm not going back. Oh hallelujah. You called out my name so I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Hallelujah. You buried my past. I'm not going back. I wasn't made to be tend in a grave. I was called by name. I was born in praise back to life again. Oh, I was made. [Music] Why would I make fed in my shame when fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. Oh, I was made. Oh, I wasn't made to be tended grave. I was called by born and raised back to life again. Oh, I was [Music] made. Why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for more. Oh, why would I make that in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made whole in hallelujah. You called out my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. You buried my past and I'm not going back. Oh, hallelujah. You called out my name and I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. You buried my past and I'm not going back. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] You call out my name and I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Oh, you bury my past and I'm not going back. Oh, I wasn't made to be tended a grave. I was called by name. born and raised back to life again. Oh, I was made. Why would I make a bed in my [Music] [Applause] [Music] sh I was made? Why would [Music] I grace running my way? I know I know I was [Music] [Music] They find their way at the sound of your great name. All condemned, feel no shame. name. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh, every fear. Oh, it has no place. Oh, at the sound of your great name. Oh, the enemy. Oh, he has rescued me. Oh, at the sound of your name. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Oh, son of God. Amen. You are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great [Music] name. All the weak they find their strength. At the sound of your great name. Oh soul, [Music] soul. Oh receive grace. Oh at the sound of your great. Oh the fatherless. Oh they find their rest. Oh, at the sound of your name. Oh, the [Music] sing of your praising. Oh Jesus. Oh, worthy is a lamb. Oh, thou was for us. Oh, son of God. Oh, you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] Oh redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty, my savior, sender, you are mighty king, redeemer, my healer, lord mighty, my savior, defender, you are my believer. Oh redeemer, my healer, Lord, all mighty, my savior, defender, you are my king. Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Oh son of God in men, you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] your great [Music] and I lift your name. your holy name [Music] God in your great I am The [Music] reason Oh my God for turn. [Music] Oh, I lift your name. You're holy. You are your holy God. [Music] And you're the great I am. for the [Music] reason. You are my [Music] comfort. Then sings my soul. And then sings my soul. Oh myior God to thee. Oh, how great. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, then sing my soul, my s Save God to thee. Oh, how great thou [Music] are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul. Sings my soul. Oh my savior God to thee. Oh how great thou are. Oh how great thou are. How great thou are heaven my soul. Oh my savior God to thee. Oh how great thou are. Oh, how great that how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God, and all will see how great, oh, how great is our God. All the splendor in the splender of the [Music] king. Lo in mesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. Oh, he wraps himself in love. And darkness tries to hide. And it trembles at his voice. He trembles at his voice. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how will how great he is our God. Oh, he's the name above all name. Oh, he's worthy of our praise. In my heart, we'll sing how great is our God. [Music] He the name above all name is worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. My heart will sing. How great is our God. He's the name above all. Oh, he's the name above all name. You're worthy of our praise. Oh, and my heart will sing. How [Music] great our God is our God. Oh Jesus, the name above all. And he is worthy of our praise and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh great, oh is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and [Music] all seated on your throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved. And Lord, you have said if we call upon your name. Oh, we and our families will be saved. Oh, we cry out your name. Oh, Eli, oh God of grace. Oh Lord most high Jesus Christ. And we rely on your grace. Oh Adonai, crown in grace. Oh Lord, most high Jesus Christ. And so we cry out your name. Oh Ela die. Oh God of grace. Oh Lord most high Jesus Christ. [Music] And we rely on your grace. Oh Adonai, crown in praise. Oh Lord, oh high Jesus Christ. [Music] Oh, father of love, never failing to forive. Each moment is a gift from you to live. And we're only here to tell the world about your grace. until the day you take us all away. Oh, and so we cry. Out your name. Oh, Elsa die. Oh God of oh Lord most high Jesus Christ. Oh and we rely. Oh on your grace. Oh, I don't crown in praise the Lord most high Jesus Christ. So we cry. Oh, and so we cry out your name. Oh, El Shai. Oh, you're the God of grace. Oh Lord, most high. Jesus Christ. And we [Music] rely on your grace [Music] not grounded in grace. [Music] Lord most high Jesus [Music] Christ me not gentle savior my humble cry And while on others thou are calling, Lord, do not pass me by. We're singing Savior. Oh [Music] save. Oh hear my heart. Oh [Music] cry. And while on others thou are calling. Oh to not pass by. Oh, worth singing. [Music] Saveior. Oh, save the Lord. Oh, hear my humble cry. [Music] while others [Music] thior my a while thou art calling. Oh, do not pass me by. [Music] Oh, Savior. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] that caused a life that paid my way. Death is pride when he flowed down from the cross. My sins were gone. My sins were gone. There is that tried to hide. Oh, this preious blood. Oh, that gave me life. Oh, blood in three [Music] days and rose. Oh my. So I come to tell you he's alive. Tell you that he cried. Oh [Music] every to shout into your place. Oh that he's coming back for you. [Music] Oh, that heals the [Music] sides. The power has the power to free as [Music] change the ground. Oh, and so I come. Oh, to tell you he's alive. Oh, to tell you that he's Oh, [Music] everyone. Oh, to tell you that he Oh, to shout you away. Oh, that he's coming back for you. Well, what can walk away? Oh, nothing but the blood. Absolutely nothing but the blood can tell me what can make me whole again. Nothing but the blood. [Music] Can't tell me what my sin. Oh, nothing but the blood. Oh, nothing but the blood can't tell me what can make me whole again. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. And so I come Oh, to tell you he's alive. And to tell you that he dies. Oh, every tear I fall. And so I come. Oh, to tell you that he saved or to shout into your place. Oh, that he's coming back for you. Oh, and so I come to tell you he's alive. Oh, to tell you that he drives. Oh, every tear that. And so I come to tell you that he's safe, to shout it, and to proclaim that he's coming back. What can wash away my sins? Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Tell me what can make me whole again. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh preious is that oh that makes me wide as snow. Oh and no other found I know nothing but the blood of me. Nothing but the blood. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me wide as [Music] snow. How I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. And so I come to tell you he's alive. Oh, to tell you that he [Music] splain that he's coming back to you. [Music] So I come to tell you he's alive to tell you that he's every tear that falls. And so I come to tell you that shout that he's talking [Music] [Music] I exalt theeus. I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt [Music] thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, how I need you, Lord. How I need thee. How I need thee. Oh, how I need thee. Oh, oh, how I need. Oh, how I need thee. [Music] Oh, how I [Music] need say I exalt you, Lord. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh. [Music] Oh, I exalt thee. I exalt [Music] thee. Oh, I exalt thee. [Music] Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. [Music] I exalt thee. [Music] and we enus Oh, [Music] and [Music] I'll draw [Music] Oh, draw [Music] me after you. I need you. I need you. Oh, I need you. Say, I need you now. I need you now to come and take me away. Lord, I need you now. And Lord, I need you now. Oh Lord, I need you [Music] now. Oh, one more time. St. [Music] John is Let the church say amen. Let the church say amen. God has spoken. So let the church say [Music] amen. Oh, let the church say amen. Let the church say amen. Oh God. So let the church say amen. Let the church say amen. Church say amen. Oh, let the church, let the church say amen. God has spoken. So, let the church, let the church say amen. Oh, let the church say amen. Let [Music] save. Oh, sing it one more time. Church [Music] sing. Oh, let the church [Music] say amen. Somebody [Music] here to the questions, the fears that can somebody is desperate for freedom. Oh, from the past, the change and the life. Oh, it feels like feels like you've wasted so much time. You want to move ahead, but you're still lasting. Feels like you're running will never end. [Music] and you will never win. Oh, I don't know who told you you would not make it. And I don't know who told you you could not take it. Oh, I don't know who told you I let you. Well, my God says wait. Oh, it ain't over yet. Oh, I don't know who told you you could not make it. Oh, I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know who told you it's time that you wait. Oh, well my God says wait. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till God say it's over. And I said that's it. Oh yeah. Oh God says it's over. [Music] that it ain't over. It ain't over till God said it's over. God says it ain't over. It ain't over till God [Music] say it ain't over yet. And I don't know who told you you could not make it. Oh, I don't know who told you you could not take it. Oh, I don't know who told you. It's time that you wait. Oh, but my God says wait. Oh, it ain't over yet. Oh, it ain't over till God says it's over. God says that this Oh, it ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says that it's over. And God said that. Oh, it ain't over yet. I don't know who told you. You could not make it. And I don't know who told you. Oh, you could not take it. Oh, I don't know who told you. It's time that you Oh, well my God said wait. Oh, it ain't over yet. I don't know who told you you would not make it. And I don't know who told you you could not take it. Oh, I don't know who told you the time that you wait. Oh my god. When it ain't [Music] over. Oh, I don't know. You would not. And I don't know who told you you could not take it. Oh, I don't know who told you. It's time that you Oh, well my God. It ain't over yet. [Music] Jesus blinded all my darkness. [Music] Look within his grace and mercy that consume my [Music] sine through the night. I am a lamb made for his glory. Oh, say I will. [Music] I've been touched by a fire. So let your world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftop. Oh [Music] sh away and want and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me. Shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shout it till [Music] he cannot keep it quiet. His holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. His holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me [Music] burn. Shout it from the roof. Shout it till [Music] he touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burnout from the rooftop. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh, I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. There's holy fire burning inside of me. I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. [Music] I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me. [Music] Shout it from the rooftop. Oh shout it till he can never be extinguished. [Music] Wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. I've been touched by his fire. Watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the roof. Oh [Music] sh I've been told I' been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Oh shout it from the rooftops. Oh [Music] [Applause] again. Say I've been touched by a fire. So let the world come and watch me grow. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shout it. Tell everyone I love shout it from the rooftops. Oh, shout it. Oh, shout it. Shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shout it till every shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shout it till everyone. What are you going to shout? Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. This holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire's burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire's burning inside of me. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So, let the world come and watch me. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till I've been touched by a fire. So, let the world come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till I shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shout it to everyone last. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And I sing because I'm happy. I sing because I've been set free is all [Applause] [Music] the and I know he watches over me and cares Can't you sing because you're happy? Oh, you sing because I've been set free. Oh, [Music] I know. I know. [Music] Because I'm [Music] happy because I live [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] free. Oh, can you sing? You are happy. Happy to sing because you [Music] [Applause] [Music] are heal. [Music] Because I'm free. [Music] I sing Because I am happy because he set me free. [Music] [Applause] I know I love you over me. I [Music] exalt and I [Music] [Applause] Oh, yes. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Well, I got victory over my enemy and the world. Can you do me a harm? Oh, I've got victory. Yes. Over the enemy. The world. I got victory over the enemy and the world. [Music] I got victory over the enemy and the world. [Music] [Music] Say I got victory over the enemy. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. We are more than conquerors through him that loved us. Hallelujah. Thank God for redemption. Thank God for the blood. Amen. Thank God for the Holy Ghost tonight. Thank God for every healing, for every miracle in this building. Thank God. Hallelujah. Go to praising him with everything within you. Amen. He's done great things. He's a mighty God. He's a counselor. He's the prince of peace. Amen. He's the everlasting father. He's your God tonight. And he deserves all of the praise and all of the glory. My is the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Isn't God good to us? Amen. I know there's been hearts that have been touched in this meeting. I know there have been souls that have been changed in God's presence. You know, we got a commandment in the Bible and the commandment was that we should repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost or the Holy Ghost as a gift. It's God's gift to you to come and dwell in the inside of you and make you a conqueror, make you an overcomer. And you know, I I know young people and some of you maybe will want to go back home where your parents are or whatever to be baptized. That's fine. But I know there's others that it's like Philillip was in the unic in the Bible. Here's water. What hinders? And you know, I've had experience through the years that even a young girl that came to the camp and sometimes later I got a call from her mother and she said, "Brother Puit, I want to thank you for your camp that you had. My daughter's 16. She made a promise to me. I I'll never I'll never just go because others are getting baptized or other people giving their heart. I I'll never do that because of others. It'll be because of a decision that I made. And said while she was at camp, you baptized her in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And I'll be forever grateful because today my daughter, 16, was killed in a car wreck. And I know I'll see her in glory. You know, she had that opportunity and she took it. And if you want to, if you want to step into the water tonight, if you want to go a little further with God and you've given your heart to him, you've surrendered your soul, if you would like to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ tonight, would you want to raise your hand right now? All right, I want you to step out of your seat. I want you to step right over here on this platform. Come on, each one of you. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. I know there's more coming. Amen. You want to surrendered your heart to the Lord and you want to be baptized, taking on the name of Jesus Christ and make a full surrender of your life to the Lord. I know I know his promise. Let me tell you what his promise is. For he said when they asked him, "What must we do to be saved?" And Peter on the day of Pentecost gave the keys to enter into the kingdom of heaven. And he said, "Repent every one of you." That means turn from your sins. Invite Jesus to be the Lord of your life. Ask him to pardon you and then receive that pardon and say, "I accept it now. I accept your pardon. I accept your forgiveness. And you know what you're receiving? You're receiving the greatest trade you could ever get. Where that you will trade your sins and in turn receive his righteousness. That's his promise to you. Amen. That you all your sins he will take and he will give you his righteousness. Whether you stand in the front of God's presence, blameless, without a spot, Jesus bore it all. In Romans chapter 5, he said he became sin for us that we might become the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus. That's what he did. He became your sin. He's making a trade tonight. You're giving him your sins, all your wrongs, your past, every bit of it. He's your sacrifice, and you lay your hands upon him, and the transfer of your sins goes upon him. But the wonderful thing about it, it's not like the Old Testament where the innocence and the and of the lamb could come back upon could not come back upon the worshipper. But in this covenant, the very righteousness of Jesus Christ is transferred back to you where that you receive of the righteousness of God. And that's where the Bible said the just, those that are forgiven, those that are declared righteous shall live by faith. Amen. You're going to live a life of faith from now on taking this step. and he promised he would fill you with the Holy Ghost. Let's bow our heads together. Father in the name of Jesus Christ as these are committing their heart to you and give surrendering their lives and taking on the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we're taking Lord those who have died now to their sins. We're going to bury them in a watery grave, but they will rise up in the newness of life with a new life to live. Oh God, with a new name to bear. They will no longer bear the name of shame or the name of sin. Oh, there will no longer will that be their identity, but now their identity will be with Jesus Christ taking on the name, the family name of the Lord Jesus Christ being buried in the precious name of Jesus. I pray God as they go to the water, may you fill them with the Holy Ghost in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I want you to go to your dorms. I want you to prepare for baptism and grab a towel and they will meet you right down here at at one of the pools. They'll give you an announcement right outside. So, just go right now and and and make your change and get prepared. God bless you, church. Isn't it good to see what God can do? Amen. How he can change your life. How he can set you free. Amen. Oh, what a wonderful savior. What a mighty God. Amen. He's our healer, our deliverer, our soul savior. Amen. Let's bow our heads together now. Father, I pray that you'll bless now as we dismiss and as these young people will go, Lord, and they'll go to the baptism or Father, they'll they'll spend these few more moments. Father, I pray that you'll be with them. God, give them that peace in their heart that surpasses all understanding and let the work that is dark in them be finished in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Amen. [Music] Whatever it takes to draw closer to you, Lord. That's what I'm willing to do. [Music] Whatever it [Music] takes for my will to break, for that's what I'm willing to do, whatever it takes to draw closer. to you, Lord. That's what I'm willing to [Music] do for whatever it takes to be more like you. That's what I'm willing to do. I'll try [Music] to comfort my pain. That's what I'll be willing to do. [Music] for whatever it takes for my will to break. That's what I'm willing to do. Oh, whatever it takes to draw closer to you, Lord. That's what I'm willing to [Music] do. Whatever it takes to be more like you. That's what I'm willing to do. So easy. Thank you. [Music] Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you [Music] thanks. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you have done. I am so blessed. has found us. Oh Lord, I give you [Music] thanks. Thanks. I give you [Music] thanks for all you have done. I am so blessed. [Music] So has found red [Music] So,
