################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - The Mountain Movers Clearing the Channels - Bro. Tim Pruitt on April 6, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    The Mountain Movers: Clearing the Channels - Bro. Tim Pruitt on April 6, 2025
Speaker:  Tim Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LP3IYlv7eAY
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Jesus love can make you free. For he saved the worst of you when he saved a wretch like me. Oh, and I know. Yes, I know. Oh Jesus blood can make the vis clean. And I know, oh yes, I know Jesus blood can make the violent sinner clean. and to the faith. He g through the mountain and makes a way or find this one in a desert. Turns a light to go and I go. Yes, I know Jesus blood can make the wildest s and I know yes I know Jesus blood can make the vess clean and in temptation shall is near thee. Holds a power of faith and guides you through the path of safety. He gives you grace for every day. Oh, and I know. Oh yes, I know. Oh Jesus, blood can make my s. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vice clean. Amen. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right [Music] now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now, I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. I need you Lord right [Music] now. I lift my hands. Oh, I bow my [Music] knees at your throne. And I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Let's stand together and sing it again. Oh, I need you. I need you, Lord. Oh, right now. Oh, I need you. Oh, right now I lift my hands right now. I need at your throne. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. One more time. I need you, Jesus. Oh, I need you, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord, right now. I lift my hands, I bow my knees, to worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Amen. I believe no matter where we find ourselves today, we need him. Amen. We're always in need of him. Amen. We We want to take some knees before the Lord. We uh got quite a few hearts to remember today. Jonathan Scott wants us to remember his wife Leah. She goes in for neck surgery tomorrow. Also, brother Jason Tagard ask us to remember his family. Uh, son Hunter fell last night. Had several seizures. She needs a touch from the Lord today. Also have sister Hollis that's very sick today. Brother uh Kenny Camp is also very sick today. Need a touch from the Lord and Amen. We have of course we know our sister Marilyn went on to be with the Lord and want to remember her family in prayer today that the Lord would be with them. There's been announcements been made. I think a service for her on Tuesday morning. So, you remember that. Remember the family in in prayer. How many would just have a need today and ask the Lord to come by and touch your heart and minister to you today? Amen. I I believe he's he's that kind of God who's mindful of every need and every situation. Amen. We're going to sing that again. and asked Brother Daryl if he'd come and take these knees before the Lord and also has a few announcements to make. So, oh, I need you, Lord. I need you right now. I need you, Lord. I need you right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees. need you Lord right now. Let's just go to him right now. Our heavenly father this morning Lord we have gathered here with one purpose Lord that is to worship you the almighty God. So Lord we come father with these needs because Lord we know you've already provided for each one of them. Lord, you saw every hand that was lifted this morning. You know the need behind it, Father. So Lord, our faith is in you and you alone, Lord, to meet every need. Lord, we've heard the request. Sister Edna Hollis there in the hospital this morning. Lord, we we know the doctors are not given a lot of hope, but we look to you, Lord. Father, you are our hope, Lord. You've given us promises concerning our healing, Lord. So we claim that for our sister even now, Lord. She may be up in age, Lord, and the doctors not know what to do, but you're the great physician. So we call on you today for this need, Lord. Our brother Kenny Camp that's in need, Lord, very sick. Ask that you would come by his way even now, Lord. Just give him faith, Lord, this morning. and may our faith unite with his Lord and call down the healing from heaven that you've already provided in your word. Father, you took stripes at Calvary for Brother Kenny and we claim that in the name of Jesus. We ask now, Lord, that you would meet this need for Lord, Brother Jason's son who has fallen. We ask that you would touch him, Lord. Oh God, you would come down in that home even now, Lord. May your healing angel just pass through the room, Lord. We pray meet every need they have. Father, oh God, for this one that will have neck surgery. Father, we ask that you would be there, Lord. You're the healer in the great physician. Doctors can only do what they know how physically, but you're the healer, Lord. So, we ask that you would come down in that room and bring healing to her body. We love you, Father, and we thank you for this opportunity today. We ask Lord that as we would go forth as service Lord that you would move on every heart Lord if there are sick among us you would heal them. If there are those that don't know you, that are away from you, Lord, backsliden condition, whatever the need is. Father, you would come by and speak to hearts today. Father, I know I need you. Lord, I raise my hand saying, I have a need. We've sang this song this morning. Lord, I need you. And we are a needy people. And we acknowledge that, Father. Without you, we have nothing. Father, so we call you on the scene today for these needs and for this service. We ask these things this morning in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I greet you this morning in the name of the Lord. We have a few announcements or actually um some things that concern the facilities that I wanted to talk to you'all about just a moment. You know, the Lord has blessed us with um some wonderful facilities here and we all enjoy using them. Uh they've been such a blessing to us. And so I wanted to talk to you all a moment about the use of them. And you know, Sister Lydia, she kind of keeps the sanctuary clean, these bathrooms up here. Uh but she don't take care of all the facilities uh as far as the cleanliness and keeping them clean. So, I wanted to make mention that when we use these other areas, the fellowship hall, um the activity center, the pavilion, we need to clean up after ourselves. So, if we have an event or something going on, uh maybe a basketball, whatever is being played out there or somebody's having a birthday, whatever it is that we need to take the responsibility to make sure that all the trash is taken out, uh the floor swept, the bathrooms cleaned up. So, I just wanted to make that uh mention that we don't want trash left anywhere. You know, it'll draw uh unwanted guest. And so we want to take care of of that and make sure everything's cleaned up to keep it nice and that uh we don't burden somebody just you know one person with having to take care of that. So just wanted to mention that and um you know wipe the tables up, sweep the floors, wash the dishes, whatever is being used, just make sure you leave it in a good condition when you leave after using those. We sure are thankful to have them and we want to take care of what the Lord has blessed us with. Amen. Also, um wanted to mention our nurseries. We have uh a lot of new little ones. And it's such a wonderful thing to see all the new mothers with the little babies. And we do have um two nurseries. And we have one that's uh like a quiet area. So, if you're taking your baby in there, maybe a small child nursing, uh maybe trying to get them to sleep, we have one that's designated as a quiet uh nursery. And then we have one that's uh to be used maybe for uh you have to take a a small toddler child out for discipline whatever it would need. Um you could go in the other ones. So just want to make mention of that that it is those are to be used for that purpose. They're not really a sitting area to go and just sit out the service with the child and let them run around and play. That's not what they're designated for. They're they're designated to take them in there, take care of their needs, and then come back into the service. Um, recently we had to clean those uh nurseries. There was um a lot of stuff in the carpets, uh, gummy candies, different things like that that So, we don't want you to go in there and feed your children and leave stuff. We want to keep that clean. um just use it as an area not to let your child run around, but keep that area reverent. Uh we have the monitors that are playing the service in there. So, we want you to if you have to take them out, make them sit quietly in there. Uh take care of their needs and then come back into the service. So, just wanted to make mention of that. Uh and you know, uh there's some things that that we can do as parents. you know, we don't want to train our children to, you know, we have to take them out and let them play and run around because they like that a lot better than having to sit still in the service. So, we want to use wisdom as parents and make sure that we're not letting them train us to take them out. So, just wanted to mention that and um I know been a little bit lengthy this morning. Had several things that uh been needing to take care of, but that's all I have this morning. So, God bless you. I look forward to the service today and serving the Lord. I'm excited about what God's going to do today. Amen. God bless you, brother Timothy. How many can say amen, brother Daryl? Amen. Amen. Won't you just turn around, shake one of those hand, welcome each other to the house of the Lord today. And if you have a visitor next to you, be sure to make sure that they're they feel welcome. And we've got quite a few here today. Amen. Some visiting loved ones, some visiting the service as well. And so, Amen. Just want to make everyone welcome. And God bless you today. So glad you could be a part. Amen. I know it was the blood. Amen. I know it was a blood for me. Ask the brothers they would take up the offering today. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was gone, he died upon the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was blood. I know it was his love for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know it was love for me. Well, I know he paid the price. I know he paid the price. Oh yeah. One day when I was lost, he died on the cross. I know he made a cry. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. Oh, one day when I was young, he died upon the cross. I know he's coming back for me. Well, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died on the cross. And I know it wasn't blood for me. For I am covered. Covered. I'm covered by his blood. I'm walking by faith. I'm living in love. I am covered. Covered. I'm covered by his blood. For Jesus has rescued me. Yes, I am covered. Oh, I'm covered by his blood. I'm walking by faith. Oh, I am covered. covered. I'm covered by his blood. Jesus has resued me. Well, it's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the [Music] victory. It's in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. When we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. In the precious name of Jesus, the victory. Hallelujah. How many got the victory this morning? I said, how many got the victory this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Man, hit that again. How many's got the victory this morning? Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Our God is awesome. Amen. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising. Oh, praising him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel I feel like praising praising him. Well, I feel praising him. Oh, praising him morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praise. Let's all praise the Lord. Let's all praise the Lord while we have this chance. Oh, let's all praise the Lord while we have this chance. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praise praising him. Well, if you don't praise the Lord, won't hinder me. Oh, if you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like Oh, I feel I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising. Oh, praising him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel Amen. Sister Mark, come with your special this morning. Well, I feel like praises praising him. Oh, I feel like praising him. Oh, praising him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. [Music] [Music] The preacher said from his sermon he read, "Write scripture on your heart for when you need it. Anxiety hates Psalms 23. So just say it to yourself till you believe it. And I'm feeling like I'm needing it right now. Oh, the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He leads me by still waters till my fears are gone. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. Oh, I know you are with me, my father, my friend. Your goodness and mercy will follow me all of my days. I know why you're still wers [Music] unsafe. Lord, I believe you can set me at ease. Turn this broken piece in me to peace and quiet. I know there's power in your word. So I'll say it over and over to my soul reminded. Oh, the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He leads me by still waters till my fears are gone. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. Oh, I know you are with me, my father, my friend. Your goodness and mercy will follow me all of my days. I know by your still waters I'm safe. Still waters run through any valley I could find. I'm laying fear down here at heaven's riverside. Your word has been true in every season of my life. I believe. Yes, I believe. Still waters run through any valley I could find. I'm laying fear down here at heaven's riverside. Your word has been true in every season of my life. And I believe. Yes, I believe. Still waters run through any valley I can find. I'm laying fear down here at heaven's riverside. Your word has been true in every season of my life. I believe. Yes, I believe. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He leads me by still waters till my fears are gone. And though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, oh I know you are with me, my father, my friend. Oh, your goodness and mercy will follow me all of my days. I know by your still waters I'm safe. I know by your still waters I'm [Music] [Applause] safe. Hallelujah. Amen. That's one of my favorite scriptures. It's a wonderful thing to be able to read when you're in a moment of fear and anxiety, knowing David faced those same things. No doubt he faced it when he faced that Goliath of great fear, but he knew his God was greater than his fear. He said, "Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil." Didn't mean that he didn't have fear, but he had to fear that evil. Amen. Because his God was greater than that evil. And I believe we have a God that's greater than any situation that we may face this morning. You believe that this morning with all your heart. Amen. Adorations and praises. Let's just sing that. Adoration and praisees my my soul. [Music] Hallelujah. I will I will be [Music] so I will sing you to the Lord. [Music] Lifting my hands up. Hallelujah to the lamb. Adoration and praise. [Applause] Adoration and praisees fill my soul. Fill my soul. And hallelujah. I will I [Music] will I will sing to you the Lord. Oh my heart. Hallelujah to the lamb. We have gathered here on holy [Music] ground. We've gathered here on holy ground. Hallelujah. Angels hovering all around and angels hovering all around. Stand now before him. Oh now before him. Oh, magnify [Music] him. Hallelujah. Oh, to the [Music] lamb. Adorations and praisees fill my soul. Fill my soul and hallelujah. I will be strong. I will sing to the Lord who lives. Oh hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] to the lamb. King of kings and lord of lords. Oh king of kings and lord of lords. We come to you in one accord. We come to you in one accord. Holy, holy, holy, holy lamb, lamb of lamb of [Music] gloryy. Hallelujah to the lamb. Adorations and praisees fill my soul. Oh, and hallelujah. I will be so. Oh, I will sing to to the Lord. Oh, lifting my hands. [Music] Hallelujah to all the lamb. I will sing to the Lord and I will sing to the Lord. Lifting lifting lifting my hands. [Music] Hallelujah to. Oh, I will sing to the Lord. And I will sing to the Lord through lifting my hands. Oh, hallelujah to the lamb. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift both my hands and I begin. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, I worship him when I come into his presence. I humble myself remembering what he's done. All the victories he's won. Oh, I praise him. Oh, I praise him. Oh, all he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. And because just because he's God when I come into his presence, when I come into his presence, oh, I humble myself. Hallelujah. I surrender to you, Lord. [Music] I begin to worship. Oh yes Lord I worship him when I come into his presence. I humble myself remembering what he's done. Hallelujah. Oh, I'll praise you. [Music] I Hallelujah. Hallelujah Jesus. Oh yes. That's because just because Oh, he was God. Oh for all. [Music] Oh thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Yes he for all he's done. Oh, for all he's done for me. Redeemed and set me free. [Music] He's just worship you, Lord. Praise you, Lord. Oh, for all is done. Redeem can set me free can because just because he's hallelujah. He's my God. Is he your God this morning? And he we owe him everything. We want to surrender our all to him. Let's just bow our heads for a moment as we ask God's blessings today. Lord, we want to thank you for your blessings to us, for your mercies that endure to all generations. That you're a merciful God. A God that is rich, rich in mercy. Your mercy never fails. We don't even ask for justice, Lord, but we ask for mercy. Cuz if we got what we deserve, Lord, we would all go to hell. But Lord, because of your mercy, rewriting our lives, revealing our names in the Lamb's Book of Life, Lord, you're so good to us. We just want to give you praise and thanks for all the great things that you've done. Lord, you know the needs of your children today, the requests that have been brought in. Lord, there's Brother Jeff Smith fighting some kind of infection. Lord, sickness in his body. I pray, Lord, you'll bring healing to that home today. You'll just lift up their spirits, Lord, to believe the word of promise for them. And not only them, Lord, but for all that will be joining with us today and presenting their needs with our prayers as we pray. We pray, oh God, that you'll just meet them, then meet the needs of your people everywhere. We're needy. Father, speak to hearts and lives. Reveal yourself and anoint us by your spirit. For Lord, the word is only letter without anointing. And it's the anointing that breaks the yoke. So break the yoke of sin and unbelief off of lives today and bring deliverance in the hearts and lives of your children. In Jesus' name we ask it. Amen. And amen. God bless you. Could you just play softly only believe for a moment? I just want to take a moment this morning to reflect if we could. 116 years ago today, God sent a a gift into the world. [Music] Brother William Marin Brandon was born today back in 1909. This December will be 60 years since God took him home. I want to just share this account from the supernatural books by Owen Jorgensson. As we reflect on it for a moment, it was shortly after 5:00 Tuesday morning, April the 6th, 1909. Daylight filtered in through the jinks. Even though the sun had not topped the horizon, his father, Charles, opened the shutter, then drew back, startled. Something had darted through the open window, a light like a star about a foot in diameter. His mother, Ellis, screamed and cradled her son tightly to her bosom. The others, bewildered, stepped back against the wall. The strange light circled the room several times and then stopped over the bed, hovering above the new mother and the child. Glowing yellowish green pulsating with a life of its own. For less than a minute, it held that position. Not long, yet long enough for everyone in the cabin to be sure they had really seen it. Then as quickly as it come in, the fireball left, whirling up past the rafters and out through the roof. His father, Charles, stared up at the clapboard shingles with wide, unblinking eyes, and suddenly a flurry of wings turned his attention toward the door where a dove had landed on the seal of the open window. This snow white dove eyed the room with curiosity, almost as if it was looking for something or somebody. And when it spotted the newborn baby, it cocked his head and cooed before it flew away. Charles gazed after the bird for a moment, then rolled his eyes back toward the ceiling, and one of the neighbor women muttered, "Well, I never." Others mused, "I wonder what kind of young this boy will be." Billy Brham was only 15 minutes old. The news spread quickly among the mountain folks about that young and born yonder on the hill with a light over him. Some passed off as sunlight reflecting from a mirror. Charles and Ella knew better since there were no mirrors in their cabin. Besides, the sun had not yet come up. And they were puzzled. Was there some spiritual meaning in that light? Charles wanted to forget it, but Ella wouldn't let him. She insisted something must be done. And finally, they decided that their baby should be taken to church and dedicated to God. At first, Charles argued against this idea, but finally he consented. And although the concession ranked ranked against the grain of his character, but now the question came up, where would they take him? The ancestry of Charles Brham was strictly Catholic. On Ella's side, the Harveys were Irish Catholic, too. However, both Charles and Ella had drifted completely away from their Catholic foundation, and neither of them had any formal religious convictions. They agreed for their purpose. The best church was the nearest church. So when Billy Brham was two weeks old, Charles and Ellen bundled him up, took him to the Possum Kingdom Baptist Church where a small congregation met each Sunday in a rustic log building with a dirt floor and pews made from boards lying across uptown turned blocks of wood. The Possum Kingdom Baptist Church had no regular pastor. On most Sundays, the congregation sang songs and read from the Bible. But every two months, a circuit preacher came through and delivered a sermon. The old preacher was there today. He offered prayer over little William Mary and Brham, asking God to someday use this boy in his service. When he was only seven years old, he was passing under a popular tree and he heard the sound of leaves rustling. It was like a wind blowing in the top of a tree. And a voice came out of this wind saying, "Never smoke or drink or defile your body in any way, for I have work for you to do when you are older." Surrounding the time of his conversion, there was a light formed like a cross and a voice spoke to him. 1933, as he took those who accepted the Lord and his ministry down to the river to baptize them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, there was a strange and glorious star appeared above the baptismal scene so that the audience saw it. Some were frightened and some trembled. But some ran with a voice that because of they heard a voice saying, "As John the Baptist forerun the first coming of Christ, so will your message forun the second coming." On May 7th, 1946, nearly 79 years ago, Brother Brandham had been criticized because of seeing the working of the supernatural. And he's being told that visions were of the devil. And he had worked hard that day and came home and was standing there under an maple tree when this wind stirred the top of the tree. It frightened him with a great rushing sound greater than he had ever heard before. And his wife thought something had happened. But he bit her goodbye and told her he just had to find out what this meant. And he went away to seek God to know what this was all about. Said, "I must find out." He went alone bowing before his Lord in repentance and in weep and praying asking the Lord would to speak to him. It was about the 11th hour at the night. He quit praying at the time was sitting up when a light flickered in the room. He thought someone was shining with a flashlight into the cab cabin. But when he looked out the window, he saw no one. Then he observed the light as it began to spread wider and wider across the floor. Naturally, he became frightened. And as it beheld, lo, the stars hung in the room like a ball of fire. He heard the sound of feet walking. Then he saw feet coming toward him. Then he beheld this angel from God. He estimated he was about 200 lb, dressed in a white robe, rather dark complexion, hair flowing down to his shoulders. This angel spoke to him and said, "Fear not. I'm sent from the presence of almighty God to tell you your partic peculiar life and misunderstood ways have been to indicate that God has sent you to take a gift of divine healing to the peoples of the world. If you will be sincere and can get the people to believe you, nothing can stand before your prayer, not even cancer. He was told many other things in this visitation. It's told that he would be given two signs as Moses had been given so that if people would not believe the first sign, they would believe the second sign. By one gift, he would have be given the power to detect diseases. By another, he would discern the thoughts and deeds of men. The angel explained that the thoughts of men speak louder in heaven than their words do on earth. He was told among many things this gift was a sign of the nearness of the coming of the Lord and through it God would call his people together in the unity of the spirit. In short, the man we know as William Brham was sent to demonstrate God again in the flesh. As I think about one of his greatest experiences, which was going beyond the curtain of time, and he saw millions gathered on the other side, every one of them young, vibrant, healthy, and well, he was told, "Those are your converts, the ones you led to the Lord. Some of them women you think are so beautiful, they're better than 90 years old when you led them to the Lord." and and said, "No wonder they're screaming, our precious brother." And they screamed all at once. If you hadn't went, we wouldn't be here. Certainly, God used him to bring millions to Christ. Sister Marilyn Griffith went to be with the Lord on Thursday, and we'll have her funeral on Tuesday. But she recounted to me when she heard first heard the message and the the impact it had on her life the very first time looking at the the pillar of fire and the man that God was using at that time and said it looked like he looked right deep into my soul. The power of the gospel though is what's important. It transformed her life. made her a real Christian. As of today, there have been no equal to rise to brother Brandham in his ministry. All there's been many wonderful gifts, gifts of healing, gifts of prophecy, even words of knowledge. But brother Brandham, this was no gift like found in the list of the nine spiritual gifts. But what we witnessed was the ministry of Jesus Christ repeated again in this day for the purpose of vindicating the word. There will be no one else rise for the Gentiles who will have this gift. It is one to a generation. Now he was a man. He certainly wasn't God. But he revealed Jesus in a way no other man has done since the book of Acts. Even today, nearly 60 years since his death, there's been no one arisen from anywhere from the millions of preachers or religious movements that is even close to the gift that he had. It was perfect. Some might have the operation of a gift and it be occasional, sometimes hit and miss, but this was continual and perfect. Night after night, service after service with uncanny details, telling of names, addresses, diseases, repeating back even prayers that were prayed or what the doctor said as the spirit discerned the thoughts and intents of the heart, doing only what the word can do. Today here in this church we believe in every gift of the spirit and believe they should be active in the church. But we must be cautious. We must take care. Care must be given that we not be overtaken with fleshly emotion or say things with uh just because of enthusiasm or by impression and say things that the Lord did not say that would be lying on God would bring great harm to the body of Christ. But at the same time we cannot allow skepticism and suspicion to hinder God from showing himself to be the same yesterday, today and forever. There are true gifts, there are false gifts, and there are impersonations of true gifts. But we cannot allow the false to keep us away from the true. As I think of this today, and we have prayed often for our brother Ron Spencer, and there has been countless of brain scans that have been made throughout these five years. As you know, he was only given four months to live with showing cancer in the brain, three tumors. And every time they have been showing that they are there, they're present. But the other day, just recently of this week, one of the specialists walked into the room after examining the scan and said, "It's a miracle. There are no cancer in your brain. Hallelujah. As we think on this today, we know he's still got many battles ahead. He's still taking chemo. This chemo still makes him very, very sick. He would spend most of the morning yesterday throwing up because of it. Feels better today. When will he stop? When will he when will he decide? I I don't know. I don't know. I It's like with Sister Lana when she was had taken two treatments. I think it was two. And and went back for her to get a scan to see on the progress and there was no more. and they were continuing to insist that she finish out the 12 treatments. Anyway, as her pastor, I wouldn't tell them, "Don't take anymore." I wouldn't give them any advice. I said, "This is a got to be a personal revelation to you." They went all the way down to I think it was well to Houston. Was it MDM Anderson? whatever the cancer specialist is down there, they encouraged her to finish all the treatments, even though they could find no trace of the cancer. And they told her, "Keep on taking it." And they didn't know what to do. Her husband being in the medical field knew you wasn't supposed to treat and cause harm with medication when there was no reason for it. And so yet the doctors were insistent that she continued taking all the medications and the treatments the doctors would admit would actually take her life. It would kill her. And yet seeking for an answer, they came back to youth camp that Easter and as they listen to the ministry of the word, brother Andrew Glover preached a sermon, when God cancels the devil's plans. And there it gave them the consolation and the revelation in their heart. No more treatments. That's been seven years ago and she has a complete clean bill of health to the glory of God in memory of these things that God has done in our generation and sending a the seventh angel messenger to the Leot. CNH. Let's just stand for a moment and reverently sing. Only [Music] believe. Only [Music] believe. All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Holy believe. Only believe. All things are [Music] possible. Only believe. Can you say, "Lord, Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe." Make this your confession now. I believe all things are [Music] possible with the Lord. You know I believe [Applause] you know the heart of man. We would say help our unbelief Lord. are possible. Lord, I believe. God bless you. If you'll turn with me to Revelation 12 verse 7. I think it was only last year, was it February, March, maybe it was January last year, you know, I flew to to uh Virginia. Brother Ron had received news that he had cancer in his eyes, both eyes, and that the treatment would be that they would have to they would have to remove one eye and do chemo in the other. And you know, it was just, you know, it seemed that the brain cancer had moved and now come was affecting his vision was in his eyes and was spreading through. And that was only a year ago. And you know, I preached a sermon there called the hour is come. Brother Donnie Reagan was there with me and he also ministered on uh this wonderful scripture, great sermon. And and afterwards, we we had prayer for brother Ron and and we just believed the word of promise. He went back to the doctor within for the follow-up checkups. And I was there when he got had while I was there he had gotten a call you know telling him the gravity of the situation the appointments and what they were going to do and whatever. So he goes through a whole series of doctors one after one looking in the eye and one saying okay we're going to remove that one today and we you know we'll take that eyeball out and you won't be able to see with that you will we'll do uh chemo in the other. and he gets down to the last specialist and he takes a look in the eye and he says, "There's nothing there. It's all gone." From one one doctor to the next, that's how close your miracle might be today. I would look for it if I were you. I would be under expectation. Amen. Revelation 12:7. Remember our theme. Who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain, and the headstone shall be brought forth with shoutings, crying grace, grace unto it. And there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon. The dragon fought and his angels and prevailed not. Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out, the old serpent called the devil and Satan, which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him. And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, now is come salvation and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night. And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb, and by the word of their testimony, and they love not their lives unto the death. Therefore, rejoice ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea, for the devil has come down into you having a great wrath, because he knoweth he hath but a short time. God bless you. You can be seated. Now last Sunday I preached on the power of the blood and that we know that the blood is still the only place where God will meet a man. It is God's chosen place of worship. Brother Brandham preached a sermon called the trial. He would call it of course trial a trial dri. But about five different times he ministered on that subject after he ministered on the seven seals. This was all in the year 1964. And in those sermons, he showed that Satan is still the prosecuting attorney that is bringing accusations against God and against man, disputing God's word, and that as long as Satan is accusing, which he does every day, then we need an intercessor. Amen. So well you some will think uh today and I don't know where they come up with some of these ideas. It's man's interpretation but somehow that the bride don't need an intercessor anymore. Now we've been declared righteous and the case is dismissed. And I get that. I I sincerely do. I believe that we are justified by faith and that the blood cleanses. and Paul because Paul said, "We are the righteousness of God." Yet, that was true for those believers 2,000 years ago and they needed an intercessor. And you say, "Well, what do what do we need an intercessor for?" Well, sometimes you forget how holy God is. He is so holy that angels look black in his presence. And then what about you? You you have disbelieved. You have doubted. And that's sin. Amen. You may not have done major things wrong and maybe go out and commit adultery or, you know, do something really really evil or drunkenness or or dope or whatever or some crime. But we have done enough in one day to need his blood. And if you have his blood, then that is intercession. For his blood he has cleansing you from sin, making you acceptable in his sight. Now that's what brother Brandham taught us in the fourth seal. He said when the church goes up, when the church is raptured, Satan is cast down. We just read about that in the Bible. See, he's finished. Then all his accusing is done. So we know he's going to be the accuser of the brethren as long as we are in this flesh. And so Satan can standard accuse because he's the attorney on one side. He's the opponent of Christ and he's saying, "Wait, Adam failed. Adam did this. I conquered him. So therefore, when I conquered him, I conquered all of mankind." But here's the mediator standing there, the kinsman redeemer standing there with the blood, interceding with his blood that can take the vilest sinner's heart and change it. That's the mediator on the throne. I'm glad to be able to declare that when Satan says you're guilty, God has already declared your innocence. Not because you never done anything, but because that his blood has completely atoned for every sin that you ever did. Now, so again, we have quoted from the future home how that the heavens and the earth is right now contaminated with devils that accuse us before God. Jesus is there to intercede for us. So here again, here Jesus is in the heaven. Here you are on the earth. Heavens between us are contaminated with devils that accuses before God. We know God made a way through the blood of Jesus Christ. He made a channel to be open between us and the throne of grace. And the accuser though keeps pointing a finger. You did this. You did that. You didn't do this right. Sins of omission. Sins and neglect. You didn't pray enough. You didn't fast enough. You're not worthy to go before this throne of grace. But you see, the blood still covers. Aren't you glad for the blood? But can you imagine today some filled with such arrogance and sinful pride they think I don't need an intercessor you know that somehow his intercessory work is over and not needed. Let me just share a few little quotations of brother Brandham's uh look at this and this is from forsaken all. He says we don't we do not want to try to enter into thy presence with sin upon us. Therefore, knowing each day troubles and things besets us that might not even be noticed in our thinkings. But when we become to think of a holy God who even angels are dirty in his sight, and this is in his prayer, then we know Lord that we have not even a chance unless we come through the blood of Jesus Christ. And then we are the children of God and our mistakes are overlooked as we confess them. Again, unbelief does not hinder God. He said, "And we would ask this morning in the light of the sanctifying power of his blood that you'd cleanse us from all our evil and anything we've done, thought, or said that would be contrary to thee." And Father, we know that would be many things. For a great holy God shall even angels look dirty to him, where would we stand? Amen. in the message shalom, he he talks about the year that he we were facing there. Um, as the the new year had begun, he said, "As we face this new year's and we're facing both, as I've read, darkness and light, we see David speaking here, trust in the Lord. Put your confidence in him." Isaiah said, "Gross darkness is coming upon his people, but for the church to rise and shine in the glory of the light." So we face this year just like we do all years. There is a regret of our mistakes in the past. A looking forward to a future of the glorious light of Christ. No doubt if we live through this year we'll find many mistakes that we made. And we just expect that because it goes along with the the pro and con. That's a law of average that we live by here in this life. But we're so glad we have a mediator who sits at the right hand of God to make intercessions. When we are willing to admit our mistakes that we've done wrong, then he forgives them. He is full of grace and mercy to forgive us of those mistakes. I think of a private interview that he had that was recorded with Sister Georgie. Bruce and and and this was done on the morning where he preached the masterpiece in 1964 in Janu uh July the 5th. And he's and he's he's talking to Sister Bruce and said, "I'm going to pray for you. I'm not worthy of that. I think what would I do if the Lord if Jesus Christ was sitting here now? What would he do if he was sitting here? He had lay his hands on you and with his great faith see you'd get well. Well, I think well I'm a sinner. I'm not him but I come to represent him. But remember me and be a sinner and before God I'm not a sinner and neither are you. We got a blood sacrifice laying there. God doesn't even see us. He hears our voice but he sees the blood of Christ. That's it. He sees the blood of his own son. It's our voice. It's it's Christ's blood. And then it's Christ talking through us to God. So therefore, we're not sinners anymore. We're Christians. I believe you to be a genuine Christian woman. Sister Bruce interrupts him and says, "I make so many mistakes. I've failed so many times." And he says, "That's why Christ had to die. So that you with your mistakes wouldn't be laotted to you." See, he took your mistakes. Your desire is to serve him. And she said, "Yes." And they said, "Well, that's what he died for so you could serve him." See, your mistakes are not looked, not allotted to. He is your perpetuation, which means an atonement. He is your sin offering. He your sins are not known. You're not a sinner before God. Christ took your sins and he became you because your desire is to serve him. A little later that morning, he re referenced that interview. He said on the interview a few minutes ago, I was speaking to a person in the room that's present now, but said, "Brother Brandham, I make I have so many things that I know that's wrong and a godly little woman." And I said, 'But look sister, don't look at yourself. It's just what your desire is and what you try to do. If you really love the Lord, you try to serve him with all your heart and then all your mistakes is hid in the blood of Jesus Christ. Aren't you glad to be servants of God like that? In the message Satan leading he prays. Oh God, help us to be pure in your sight. Lord, no matter what man thinks about us, what other people say, Lord, let it be our conversations be holy. Let it be seasoned with God's word. So seasonal, Lord, that there's no g found in us while we plead in our own mistakes that the blood of Jesus Christ will stand between us and God. that he'll look down upon us through the blood of Jesus. Not upon our own on righteousness or who we are or what we've done, but upon his merits alone, God granted. Amen. I I just say today, oh, how we still need the blood. It's the blood that mediates. It's the blood that atones. And as long as the blood is atoning, there's no difference between Christ and his blood because the blood is the life of Christ. Amen. So it's the blood that heals. It's the blood that saves. And without it, we are lost and damned sinners. Amen. Now from the trial, Brother Brandham me ministered and and you can go and listen to great sermons that many of them that you can listen to, five different ones. But he he just established the case is God's word of promise versus the world and the defendant is God. And Satan is the prosecuting attorney and he represents the world. And he brings an indictment in this trial. The cause for the indictment is because of a breach of promise. That is that the world claims that God made a promise that is not true. And now the prosecuting attorney has three witnesses. These three witnesses are Mr. Unbeliever, Mr. Skeptic, and the next one is Mr. Impatient. Now, these are witnesses against God that God does not keep his word and that his word isn't true. And you are the jury. You are the one who decides for God or against God. You decide which one will rule. human thinking or God's thinking. And so you you you cannot let Satan and and his witnesses block your way with unbelief or with skepticism or with impatience. Remember, these are these are ones that will try to block the channel between you and God and your access to the throne of God. So if he clouds your channel with unbelief or skepticism or impatience, the Holy Spirit can't bring God's blessings down upon you. He's not going to bless a skeptic. He's not going to bless someone who is and with unbelief. God only blesses faith when we believe him. God is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him with faith. Amen. Because he only rewards faith. Now, in all of this and moving mountains, we've been preaching about moving our mountains. And you know, your mountain is different from my mountain. Your mountain is probably not a literal mountain that's in your backyard. If you live in Louisiana, we don't have them. So, you know, you're not worried about trying to get this mountain or getting over that physical mountain, but there are situations in your life where the mountain needs to be moved. Situations that need to be changed. And the only way you'll ever move the mountains in your life is to align yourself with God's will. You see, you cannot just do it haphazardly or just in the flesh or just using mere human words. You got to step off of your thinking into God's thinking. You got to tap into true faith. You see, we must never forget this. God's word is infallible. It is eternal. It is unshakable. It is unchanging. And the key to understanding his promises in your life is having the right mental attitude or the right mindset toward them. If you can approach any divine promise with the right perspective and with unwavering faith, it will come to pass. Now, so brother Brandham let us know about moving mountains. And you can write these things down as you go. And and he he let us know the guiding principle of his own life because gifted as he was, he could not just go do whatever he humanly wanted to do. Amen. He could not do it. I mean, you say, "Well, oh, he he could speak into existence." Listen, he couldn't do anything until God told him to. He was a man, right? Amen. And he was operating as a mortal man. And this is not the millennium. In the millennium, there will be, you know, we will dress the earth like Adam did the garden, but we're not there yet. So, you're not going to have complete control of the weather. Amen. Or all circumstances. But you, what you want to do is find the will of God for your life and for the mountain that you're facing. Some of them God don't want moved. Some of them God wants you to go over it. Amen. Some of them it's going to be a struggle. Amen. God doesn't he doesn't just move every mountain. But there are mountains he moves. And brother Brandon said before anything I seek to know is this the will of God? Now we know many things is the will of God. Divine healing is the will of God. Amen. Amen. But there comes a time in life when when even for divine healing is not his will for in this mortal realm it's his will for that person to be healed in the next dimension. So you see is this the will of God? If I know it's his will that's step number one. Next I examine my heart. What is my objective? You see is my is my motive right? Then so then that's my my next one. I check my motive. Why am I doing this? And if it's God's will and if my objective is to glorify him, if my motive is pure, giving him all the glory, then I can stand in full faith that it will be done. But if there's selfish ambition, if it my my goal is for personal gain, for self-promotion, for wealth, then I know it won't work. If I'm pushing forward in something that is outside of God's will, it's going to fail from the start. True faith only operates in the divine channel of God's will. Now there is a human faith and then there is the faith of God and the two are not the same. Now to walk in divine faith you must have the will of God which is the mind of Christ operating in you. That's the key. Let this mind that was in Christ be in you. Amen. which was let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. That's Philippians 2:5. When his mind is in you, then you receive divine direction. And when his mind is in you, he reveals his will and and it can be in many different ways. It could be by visions, revelation, divine understanding, but he reveals himself. When his mind is in you, your faith is no li no longer limited to human reason. It is energized then by the very power of God itself. Now, so you do you see what we're talking about this morning is the secret to mountain moving faith is alignment of with God's will and a heart that is fully surrendered to his glory. And when you step into that realm, nothing is impossible. For without God or with God, there is nothing impossible. Amen. And when you have that faith, that revelation from God, nothing's impossible with you. So now, as we think on these things, I want to just kind of progress into this this morning. Let's let's go in our thinking to our scriptures that we have been uh pondering over and expounding upon in the last few weeks like in Ephesians 6 where he tells us uh in verse 10. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God. Well, what do you need an armor for if you're not going to fight? And where are you going to fight? Amen. You're going to fight as you ascend this channel. as you ascend toward the throne and the accuser is going to stand there and he's going to boldly oppose you. Listen, this rascal, he will oppose God himself. He's bold. He's arrogant. Amen. If he'll oppose God, he'll oppose his bride from ascending to his presence. Amen. So, you put on the whole armor of God that you may stand against the ws of the devil. Our our battle is not against flesh and blood, but it's against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world. It's against spiritual wickedness in heavenly places. So the higher you walk in God, Amen. the more you're going to be opposed, the devil ain't going to bother you very much if you if you're not bothering him. But the moment you start to try to ascend into your position of sunship as an adopted son or daughter of God, that's where the devil's going to bring all of hell against you. He'll scream, he'll howl, he'll yell, but he's powerless. He cannot stop you. You can prevail. Amen. So take the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day and and having done all to stand. So here is the commandment of St. Paul who is telling us these things. And of course you know he he knows that Christian is going to be in battle. You're going to battle until you leave from here. Your battle fronts may change. It could change from from youth and maybe in in youth it could be a lot of different things. The pursuit of wealth or happiness or this or that the other. You you could have other other things that you're pursuing. When when you're older, you're pursuing your health, trying to hang on to being well and and everything else. That's where your battle is. And Satan will cause storms and winds of strife to disturb your human nature because he holds the kingdoms of this world. And he'll even stir up chaos and strife and cause great suffering in all the world. Amen. What's he doing that for? To try to keep you depressed and disbelieving. Trying to hold off the blessings of God from your life. Now we know that he told us that the weapons of our warfare are not of flesh but but they have divine power to break down strongholds. Now listen, he could not see he could not say whereby you will be able to withstand the ws of the devil if you wasn't going to have a battle and if you wasn't going to overcome. The word has already declared you victorious. Reading in the scripture today, we already see he prevailed not. So you have to go in the battle knowing I am going to win. I will not lose this battle. Amen. Well, I may lose a battle now and then, but I ain't going to lose the war. Amen. I will overcome. I will rise above this. You got to decide that if you're just starting out and you got all kinds of habits hanging on you of dope and alcohol and tobacco and everything else, you got to stand right there and declare, "I will no longer be subservient to this. I will no longer be subject to it anymore. It will not rule over my life. Today is a different day. Today I'm taking I'm putting on the armor of God, taking the sword of the word. I'm advancing Amen. And it doesn't matter if you've been a Christian for 50 years. You got to do the same. Your battle is still there. Amen. And Satan comes against us with arguments, with reasoning, waring against our mind, doing everything to change our atmosphere from one of faith to an atmosphere of doubt or fear or or failure. You see, he'll clog our channel to keep us from God's presence. I go back, you know, to Elisha the prophet, who was a prophet of God, a man gifted of God. A gift is a channel through which God can work. Amen. Now, you know, there there's some channels that are real real small and and but they're channels. There's larger channels where more of the spirit can flow. You say, "Well, how did it happen that way?" Well, some men can yield themselves to God more than other men. Amen. They're but they're all channels and God can speak through them and can speak in them and and flow through that. And but however, no matter who we are, the channels can get clogged. They can get stopped up. They can be hindered. where the spirit of God cannot descend and and and the blessings of God flow. So, you know, we we want to understand now, you know, that if these channels get clogged, we got to clear them out. Amen. Whatever it is that is hindering you in your walk with God, you got to figure it out. You got to say, "Well, I need a closer walk." Well, what's keeping you from that closer walk? Amen. It ain't just saying, "I need, will you pray for me? I'll have a closer walk." No, you deal with the issue of what is keeping you from having that closer walk. Amen. Where is it? A lack of commitment. Are you not coming to church? Are you not being faithful? Or, you know, is there something is somewhere you're letting down on your prayer life? What is it? Something's hindering it. And you got to figure it out. You got to go talk it over with God and say, "What is it? Examine my heart. Let me examine it. Maybe it's just not putting God first. Maybe he's on the back burner somewhere. Maybe it's a lukewarm attitude toward him. A lukewarmness, a lukewarm attitude toward church. Some of you right now are listening to me and God bless you. You're streaming and and it's justified. There's a reason that you're there. But there's other of you are too lazy to get out of bed and get out of your house robe and get into church. Shame on you that you're not here in the presence of God this morning with the saints. Well, I'm too grown up for that. I'm too I'm too I'm an adult in Christ. I don't need that. That's a church is for babies. Well, then if you're such an adult, how come you ain't here to help the babies grow? It shows how infant you really are. Amen. I I know you don't want me to preach that. So, thank you, brother Johnny. Brother Johnny. Brother Johnny just retired from his job. God bless you, brother Johnny. Faithful years of serving the Lord there in his job. Man, what a blessing you've been to us here at Evening Light. God bless you. Here to encourage me this morning. Look at there. Amen. Even a man pulled him out of retirement. He ain't retired from serving God. Amen. But anyway, Satan comes against us with with arguments and reasoning and and and and and events happen and this happened with Elisha the prophet, you know, he got a visitation one day from a couple of kings and one of them was Jehoshaphat was a righteous king of of Judah and then there was a uh Jehoram which was uh an unrighteous king, a son of Ahab. They were wicked people servants of serve Baal and you know had done many things killed God's prophets and did many many awful things a lot of atrocities that happened with his even his mother Jezebel and all of these things and you know Elisha had no use for him. Amen. He had never shown that he ever had any sincerity. And here he was approaching God because their armies where they had went out to fight go to fight a battle. They were perishing because of thirst. And now they get in trouble. And of course, you want God's help now after you haven't served him and you haven't done right and you've killed his prophets and you you you've you've desecrated his temple and you've done all these things and be honest with you, it made Elisha mad. Okay? You know, you won't come to serve the Lord in good times, but in bad times here, you want to show up to the house of God. And now you want me to help you out. Kind of way sometimes my attitude about some people that wants to come to you from marriage counseling and you want they want you to fix in 30 minutes what they tore up and ruined in 25 years. You know cuz I sometimes have to do the same thing like Elisha and get brother Tim under control first. And Elisha, you know, the prophet, it took him a while to get in the spirit. You know, sometimes you wonder what it take so long and how come so many songs and you know why why why in the service like this and you know, oh my when will there be a break forth of the spirit? Well, sometimes people are just too they come to church too out of sort, too full of the of their experiences in the world and the the problems that they have faced and everything else and they're all out of sorts and they come to the house of God and the first thing you got to do is get them in the spirit. That's why we have singing before we come and that's why the worship is it ain't to entertain you. It's so the spirit of God can move through the songs because there's a message in those songs and the spirit follows those songs and and it's and it soothes the spirit and it calms you down and and it lifts you up then in the spirit and you start getting ready to receive the word when it comes. And Elisha the prophet, it took him a while to get in the spirit. His channel was all clogged up with indignation. My goodness. You know, Jehoshaphat, I I tell you what, you brought him You brought him. I tell you, I I wouldn't even I wouldn't even give him an audience if it wasn't for you. His mother ought to spit in his face. He ain't worth he ain't worth my time. And Elisha was all out of sorts. Now, he was a gift. He was a channel through which heaven could come down and they could hear from God but full of indignation and anger, you know, about about that son of Ahab who served other gods who now wanted a word from Jehovah after belittling and disregarding God and his prophet and slaying many of the prophets. And he said, "If I didn't respect Jehoshaphat, I wouldn't even look at you. He was all stood there stirred up. His temper got up and he said, "Just tell you what, better bring me a minstrel. I'm all out of sorts. Get somebody to sing some good gospel songs. Kind of soothe me down a little bit." You know, I I'll tell you what. You know, why why why did he want a minstrel? Why do you want to sing or sing in some songs? maybe playing a heart, but close when you're angry or when your emotions are all worked up with just life. Amen. Or with temper or impatience or even maybe sometimes skepticism. Your channels are all clogged up and and you need something to soo you down just to settle you down where you can hear the voice of God. Amen. Now, Brother Brandham talked about this in Elijah and Elisha. He said, "I was talking to a man not long ago that didn't believe in music in the church." He's only wanted to fuss with me about it. Said, he said, "Music belongs to the world." I said, "The spirit of God didn't come on that stood up prophet until he got a minstrel out and began to play a good oldfashioned Holy Ghost song." And the spirit of God came down on the prophet. And that's that's right. God doesn't change. If God liked music in that day, God likes music today. And he began to play a song. He said, "I don't know what they played in those day, but I imagine it was a good old song like there's going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet, sweet by and by and all you unbelievers won't be over there. Glory to God in the high." Amen. You know, he's he's half in and half out, but he's he's listening to this music, you know. Amen. And and and you say, "Well, Brother Tim, that song, yeah, it was a Jubilee Pentecostal song. It was it was contemporary for the time. You know, it would been written about 30 years before. So, you know, it was and and and brother Brandham pitched that one out and he said, "Now, that's one that would really start moving you in the spirit. Amen. And he said the spirit came on the prophet. And he said, "I tell you, brother, when we get all the formal shackles shook down and the spirit of God in the songs again and get back to an old place where we can have the spirit of God moving in the place, then the prophet can see the vision. Then the powers of God comes on the church. Then they can see divine healing. Then they can see the resurrection of Christ. Then they can see he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you say, "Well, brother Bradam, I'm not the prophet." Well, if you're not the prophet, then you can be the instruments anyhow. Just keep playing. You ain't got no more than them 10. Just give vent to that just as hard as you can. If you can't be the prophet, be a part of the minstrels. do something to bring the spirit of the Lord down. Now listen church, that is the job of every one of us when we come to the house of God. Maybe you're not the preacher. You're not the prophet, the New Testament prophet in the pullpit, but you but you are part of the minstrel. Maybe you're not on the piano. Maybe you're not on the organ. Maybe you're not on the drums, but I you know, maybe you're just out there. But do something. Enter in. Amen. Be a part of the minstrel to bring the spirit of God down. And then when the spirit comes, then he can minister through the channel. Amen. He can minister through the gift of God. And then you will see divine healing. Then you will see souls saved. Then you will see miracles in the church. When we get in the spirit. Hallelujah. When the prophet and the harmony God and the people got in harmony with God, the prophet began to see things. Now, brother, if you don't see divine healing and you don't see the baptism of the Holy Ghost and you don't see this mighty move of the spirit of God moving in the last stage here, just get in the spirit one time and you will see things will be revealed to you. Then you'll begin to notice things looking different what they used to be. That's right. You won't go along with criticizing spirits. You'll come back humbly. That's right. He said, "Oh, I'm kind of feeling religious myself." Amen. Now, so you see, God gave a word to the prophet once he got in the spirit. And you know what that word was in that day? It was, "Go dig the valley full of ditches." In other words, make a channel for the Holy Spirit to flow through. Amen. If you want water, make a place for it. If you want the Holy Ghost, get the things out of your life that is filling you up with every other things and make a place for the Holy Ghost to fill. Come on. If you want divine healing, come on. You're going to have to get the unbelief out, what the doctor said out, what everybody else thinks out, and see what God's word said. Amen. Make a valley full of ditches. Make a channel full for where the Holy Spirit would flow. So if you want the power of God, if you want the supernatural move, if you want to walk in revelation, if you want authority and victory, make room. That's it. It's just that simple. Now get in the spirit. Oh yeah. You know, you ain't going to make room just sitting in the doldrums. You're going to have to get in the spirit. Amen. You're going to have to begin to rejoice. You're going to have to shout. You're going to have to start triumphing over the enemy. And when you do, your cup will underflow overflow. And and but only if there's a channel for it to pour into. The more room you make, the more water of the spirit that you will have. So you're going to have to dig dig dig. Notice Elisha didn't tell him said go sharpen your swords. He didn't say ah go train your your soldiers better you know get get them you know I'll tell you what give them an education you know in in the word and get them to understand. No he said he didn't tell them polish up your theology. He said, "Go to get to digging." And you dig until you find the rock. Cuz the rock is still here. The same rock that Moses struck. The same rock that water poured out in the wilderness is still in the place. That rock was Christ. And you got to dig through the dry crusted over religious debris to get through it. Amen. You got to say, "What is it that's blocking the flow?" Amen. I got to dig down till I find Christ again. Amen. I'm all out of sorts. I I've had this problem. Uh unbelief is here. Skepticism is there and impatience is there. I I've got to dig out until the Holy Spirit can flow. I've got to get back to the rock. That's what the church needs today. We need to get back to Christ more than ever. Somebody help me preach. Amen. We need a refilling of the Holy Ghost, an outpouring of his Holy Spirit. We need to get to the rock. What's blocking the flow? The blessings of God aren't absent. The channels are just clogged. Start digging. You get the obstacles out of the way. You you throw out that rotten log of unbelief. That lie that says days of miracles are passed. Ain't nothing been happening and ain't nothing going to happen. That's blocking the flow. You rip out the the log of religious tradition that system that says the Holy Ghost ain't for today. Amen. It's not like it was in the book of Acts. We're not there anymore. You see, that's stopping up the flow. Amen. You burn that dead log of theology, that false teaching that say we don't get the Holy Ghost like they got in the book of Acts. That's only a temporary gift. No, it's only temporary if you're not seed. But if you're seed, the Holy Ghost is the very light that quickens you. It seals you to the day of redemption. And when the spirit of God quickens you, you will never be the same. For you're sealed to the day of redemption. and ignite it with his divine power. So dig, make room for the Holy Ghost. Throw out every hindrance. The Holy Spirit is ready to flow, but you got to clear the way. The rock is waiting, but you got to remove the barriers. You got to tap into the flood. Amen. remember to come out of there, out of that rock, enough water, not a trickle, but enough water to to water 2 million people and their livestock. Friends, I tell you, I I don't think we've seen but just a trickle. There's a whole guster waiting to be open. Amen. You got to find yourself digging and and and and get in there. And if you throw a log, throw it out. If you say, "Well, baptism of the Holy Ghost ain't for us today, and we don't get it the same way." That's a slimy old mossy log. It's been around for years and years. Amen. Throw the thing out. I don't care. It may be petrified and you think it's valuable, but get rid of the log. Amen. I want to give you a shovel. Sometimes we need a shovel. We have h we have a word of God. These are tools. These are shovels. Dr. Simon Peter said on the day of Pentecost. It's for you. It is for your children. It is for them that are far off. It's for as many as our Lord our God shall call. I'll tell you what. What you need to do is go to digging and bring heaven down. for your lost loved ones this morning realizing you've got a promise but you take that shovel of the word of God and you uncover it till you get to the rock. Oh yeah, let me give you another and they shall be there and their offspring with them. Let me give you another. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou and thy house shall be saved. Hallelujah. You take the sele of the word of God. Get rid of that long of unbelief and start believing God's word for you, for your family, for your children, for the church, for Christ. So, I can bring heaven down for my loved ones. Well, that's what the little sister did in Memphis. She might have been poor living in the hood. She might have even had a very sinful past. You know, we none of us was always Christians. We weren't born that way. Every one of us needed saving. Amen. She But she dug past all of that. She used a shovel. You know, she found a shovel and the Bible said, "There in the Bible is me. There's a Shinomite woman. Amen. I couldn't have a baby and you gave me a baby and now it's dying. Where is your Elisha? Amen. I got to get to the rock cuz my boy is dying without Christ. Oh no, she wasn't interested in healing. She's interested in salvation. And brother, she brought heaven down. I'm telling you literally. Amen. She brought heaven down. the the the very plane itself was called out of the skies. Amen. Drove down by storms that she had prayed up, stopped the plane there in Memphis and held it on the ground till that prophet walked out of that plane out into a a hotel room and out of that hotel room and walking by the spirit led right down to her house. Hallelujah. She'd been praying all night digging. Oh, I wonder if people are willing to dig. I wonder if people are willing to pray through. I wonder if people really want revival in their heart till the Holy Spirit can come down and change lives and atmospheres. But that woman brought heaven down. Brought a channel right to her house. Hallelujah. That we could pray the prayer of faith. Bring the boy to his consciousness. Lead him to Christ. Get back on a plane as held down until he got back on it. Last call to Jeffersonville. Hallelujah. God knows how to save right in the nick of time. He did it with the Hebrew children. He'll do it for you. Amen. Your miracle ain't three minutes away. It's right now. It ain't years and years and years away. You can have it now. The promise is unto you. Well, it's just not the season anymore for the divine healing. Brother Tim, you know, I tell you what, you get that rotten log out. It's so old. I got slime all over it. It's obstructed the flow of the spirit through the ages. Let me give you a shovel to get it out. He is the same yesterday, today and forever. I am the Lord thy God and I change not. I heal all diseases. Logs of creeds, logs of men's fetal philosophies, they stop at the flow of the spirit. What do you do about it? Clean the channel out. Get it where the water can flow. Well, the water ain't flowing. Well, make room for it. for it comes. Before you even strike the rock, make room for it. Come on. You see, Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That smitten rock was in the wilderness and it's still here. You see, it's it's it's God. Christ was that rock. Remember in the days of Abra or Isaac rather the Bible says in Genesis 12:15 that you know Abraham had went through the land and everywhere did he place and he built an altar he had a well there's important to have a well it's important to have water. Come on. Amen. And and he didn't just have an altar and a dead confession, but everywhere that he went and he had an altar, he dug a well. But you know, later comes along the Philistines, the same ones that threatened David and the key Israel there. And the and the Philistines had stopped them up and filled them up with earth. Ain't that like the devil? God sent a move of God and the devil comes along, throws a bunch of rocks and stones and sticks and logs and dirt. Nobody can drink from it. Why do you think they can't drink fresh water no more from Luther? Why? Why, Wesley? Why? Why is it not even a stagnated stream? It's it's it's a broken system holds no water. It's a dry and a thirsty land. It's barren now. Amen. You see, the Philistines had dropped them up and the filled them up and the and Isaiah 12 says that with joy you will draw the waters of the well of salvation. And there's just no joy in a stopped up well. Amen. David prayed, "Restore to me the joy of thy salvation." Amen. I tell you what, we need some joy today. Remember, it ain't even our salvation. It's his salvation. He's the one that provided. He's the one that saved us. But you get that way. I see it so many times in Christians. They just become dried up, sticky, like a plant out in the desert, a kaka. little leaf is all folded up and rolled up into a sticker. Everything, you know, is, you know, sticking. Ain't nobody happy about nothing. Service is too long. Preaching is too short. The guy here don't preach long enough. No, the preacher was short. He preaches too long. Kind of got it mixed up. But you see, I mean, you know, they get all spiny and everything. But but you see, you know, David said, "Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation." How many Christians, message believers, genuinely filled with the Holy Ghost, have no joy in their lives? Satan's done robbed the joy out of them. How many churches are sitting around dead as morgs this morning, claiming the message? Genuine people, lovely people, but their joy is gone. Brother Brandon spoke about this in restoration of the bride tree. You know when he talked about the canker worm, the palmer worm, the locust, the caterpillar. What did it done to the church? It laid all the gifts of the spirit off. It took away the Holy Ghost. It took away, you know, it just gnawed down the church till it was a stump. He said, "Here come a little palm of worms." You know, it's small and sneaky and deadly. You know, sometimes overnight them pests can come and and what's it do? It starts knowing away. The palmer worms started knowing away at the fruit of joy. And that joy that used to bubble up from the soul of fire of souls that used to be on fire for God. That joy that used to make hands to clap and feet to dance and mouths to cry. Hallelujah. And amen. With no shame. Amen. Ain't no shame on me. I'm glad to serve the Lord. I mean, that's the way they used to be. But what happens now? Amen. Look out. Cuz now the voice of the palmer worm sneaks in. Hear slithers in that old ancient serpent called the devil and Satan. Now you folks are just too noisy. That shouting praise it's unnecessary. That crying rejoicing. Ah that's just emotionalism. Well hey my wife died. I was emotional and cried. I had babies born. I was emotional laugh. Something good happens, something bad happens. We have emotions. Come on. Emotions are normal. They're natural. When the spirit of God moves, it makes you emotional. Amen. It makes you to rejoice. You might cry. You might shout. I don't know. You might dance. I, you know, there's no certain dictate to what you're going to do. Amen. But you see, you see, it's not just emotionalism. We're not emotional because we're emotional. We're emotional because something happened. I was emotional because my wife died. I was emotional because a child was born. Something happened. And when the spirit of God moves on you, you get emotional cuz something happened. It's just that simple. But you see again, you know, they the that that was just a lie that the church and from there the church began to die slowly, quietly, suddenly and the joy was choked off until it was just like a like it was this morning, you know, when the temperatures changed and in my house it got cold gradually just crept in through the night. colder and colder it got. And you know, before you know it, it happens in the church. And the sanctuary turns to a spiritual morg. Everybody dressed up and sitting in rows and no life. You know what I'd had to do to my house? Turn a fire on. Amen. You know what we need in the church this morning? Turn the fire on. Hallelujah. Turn this thing from a morg to a living house of God, a house of praise, a house of glory where the spirit of God comes down. That's what we need. Turn the fire on. Turn it up. You got plenty of the word of good of the word of God, but it ain't no good unless you put a fire to it. They pumped the Holy Ghost out and pumped in formality and and dead and stiff and cold dry cold creeds, replacing the Holy Ghost with structure, replacing the fire with form. Now they got a spiritual and bombing fluid that's flowing through their veins instead of the living burning power of the Holy Ghost. It's no wonder they said, you know, no wonder they're sitting there frozen and dryeyed, handsfolded and hearts closed. Somebody dares to say, "Amen." The whole church turns like geese in the field. Who said that? Instead of joining in the praise. Come on. Don't be a gawker in this church. Who said that? Who shout? Now, who is that same one? Get up yourself and go to praising God. If he's your God, he deserves your praise. Hallelujah. Join in. Join in the praise. Don't put a damper on it. Don't throw a wet blanket on it. Don't put the fire out. Dear God, we need the fire. It's a shame. It's a tragedy because where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. And where there's liberty, there is joy, there is love, there is life. But that old devilish bug has long chewed away the joy away. And what are we left with? Listen to me carefully. A husk of a church. And unless we let God restore what the palmer word has stolen, that's all we'll be is husk. Dead dried husk. Husk. Husk of a church. Yep. You can tell they're just shuck because if the original wheat grain, if that's what they were, it would have the life and the joy in the power of Pentecost. Amen. Now Jesus dug a well all the way to the rock. He cleaned it out at Calvary. So out of him could flow lifegiving waters of salvation and healing. But men with their creeds came right back around and threw logs in it again and blocked off the flow of the spirit. You see logs get in the channel. The dirt of men's tradition, the sin of doubt, it'll build up against it. And the first thing you know, the wells of God's blessings cannot flow. You know, I think of some of these, and there's a lot of them I could dwell on, but some some years back, some put a log in the flow of the spirit saying, "No one could be saved after 1963." Some of you remember that. I was a log. Another one come along and say, "Oh, no. I'm I'm I I got a greater revelation that you know, God, the order of mercy closed in 2000. Oh my goodness. Well, what does that do? It dams up the flow of the spirit even to their children. It blocks off the Holy Spirit and it makes the church a filthy stagnated pool. Amen. I I had a conversation with a man one day, you know, told me, you know, I went and preached for him and he invited me to come. And so I didn't really know him. So I I I thought, you know, I knew what move he was in. I thought, well, maybe it's opening up a little bit. He's inviting me, an outsider, to come in his church and preach. And now, you know, I preached first service, his whole church was at the altar. Then afterwards he comes along and he said, "Well, you know, God told me that, you know, some had said in ' 63 mercy was over." Well, you know what? God closed to me that the year of mercy was closed back in over in the year 2000 when the when the when it turned the year 2000. And I thought it's strange that elders would come to me in church, preacher, walk over to me and said, "When's the last time you seen a soul saved?" And I said, you know, like that was an an unheard of thing anymore. It didn't happen no more. And I I was puzzled by it. And I said, "Well, he I'm not talking about somebody can, you know, in in the church like that, somebody like I said, "Well, let me tell you, let me tell you, we just had a boy that was a bartender in a bar come to the Lord, come to the church, and God gloriously saved him, changed his life, set him free." I said, "We've we've had a lot more since then." I said, "Ning all the time. That's what's supposed to happen in a church." He shrugged and said, "Huh?" Well, then the pastor tells me that he he closed the door. He had to do it cuz God didn't. He closed the door. Mercy in 2000. And I said, so I I looked at him. I said, "Why in the world do you want to believe that?" I said, "Why? Why do you want to believe that? Why do you want to believe that God closed the door of mercy?" And here last 2005 2010 somewhere like that and and and and the door of mercy would got closed then. I said why do you want to believe that? Don't you know that I damn your children your grandchildren? And he looked over me. Oh no no no no. Everybody I love and everybody loves me is going to be there. And I just rolled my eyes and I thought God have mercy. If that's the way it is, I'm gonna start loving everybody. I'm gonna love the sinner and I'm going to preach to him a gospel of peace. I'm going to love the unbeliever, the backslider, the lost. I'm going to love them all. I'm going to love those that are prostitutes and the drunkers and alcoholics. I don't care what they are. I'm going to love them. I'm going to love them enough to tell them Jesus fell save. He's an intercessor for sin. Hallelujah. And I declare right here in 2025, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Healer, deliver, savior, soul satisfier. Hallelujah. He hasn't changed. Men have changed. Their attitude has changed. But his attitude hasn't changed. He's still saved. He's still healed. He still delivers. Hallelujah. Why don't you just praise the Lord a moment? Glory. Thank you, Jesus. I'm trying to could, you know, not preach quite as long, but sit down a minute. Oh, hallelujah. Don't tell me that. You know, somebody jerked their neck around said, "Who said that?" Oh, Jonathan said it. God bless you, brother Jonathan. We're going to preach a little more. I've been doing my best to cut these sermons down and it ain't worked yet. So, don't get excited. But you know what it does when you chose to throw a log in a channel? You know, all kinds of dirt gets hit up against this log and washes up against and the water backs up just like beavers do. Now, brother Brandham used this illustration in getting in the spirit and he said we he said he said you get all the water backed up like beavers do and make a dam and you got no water that'll go through it. And he said we got too many beaver preachers today trying to dam all the water up and say this is ours. This is just for us here. This belongs to us. And what happens? It becomes stagnated. And that's what's the matter with a lot of our organizations trying to back up the water of your organization only. And let me tell you, they did this with return ministry. They did this with the thunder doctrine. They did this with Prouia. They did this saying there's no mercy. It all just got stagnated. Mhm. You see, you know, stagnated water then gets what they call little wiggle tails in it. And that's what's the matter with the church. Little wiggle in here and a little wiggle out there. And you tell them, you tell them what the Bible said and they wiggle out of that. And you show them another quote and they wiggle out of that and try to show you another quote. Well, the well will cancel out that quote. You know, days of miracles have passed. No such thing as divine healing. Oh, you're just trying to be brother Brandham. No, we're not. We're trying. We're trying to be Jesus Christ. Woohoo. Amen. You got to You just kind of hit a little low on my aspiration. This bride will be Jesus Christ in action on the earth. Amen. Oh, you know, oh, you know, you know, stagnated water, beaver dam. He says, blow it out. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's vein where sinners plunge beneath the blood. Lose all their guilty stains. What do we do with these dams that these beaver preachers have built to stop the flow of God's blessings that leaves behind nothing but stagnated water for people to drink around here? I tell you what they do around here. Brother Jimbo knows he's a been on the cruise and and and the highway department, but we have them sometimes. We got beavers in this country and yeah, they'll get down. They'll dam up a little stream of water. First thing you know, it's flooding the highway. You see, it's blocking the channel. It's not only blocking the flow of the water out of the stream, but it begins to block the the the roads, the highways itself. And they'll build their dam, flood them roads, making them impossible. And but you know what? They'll use dynamite. They got some specialists out there that are some beaver damn busters. Amen. And you know, and I tell you, that's what we need this morning. Is the specialist of the Holy Ghost to set the dynamics of the Holy Ghost into the beaver dams that people have built up and blow them sky high and let the water flow. Let the Holy Ghost move. Let the power of God sweep across the bride of Christ. Hallelujah. Get some damn busters. Some dynamite. A little bit of Acts 2 and 4. A little bit of that Holy Ghost. A little bit of speaking in tongues. A little bit of the shout of the king. A little bit of the dancing in the spirit. A little bit of the moving of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Mix it all up in that TNT. In that dynamite power blow that beaver dam. Prophet said, "Get down there and dig all them logs out." Well, I tell you, prophet, should we just go back and let's just try to reinvent that mighty Russian wind? Nope. Should we have an eighth messenger? Nope. That would just be another beaver building another dam, a kingdom for himself and hoarding up all the waters. We ain't looking for another messenger, another gift, another sign like that. No. Shall we start a another latter rain? No. We don't need a new doctrine. That would be just another big log to stop the flow and hinder the spirit. Nope. Nope. Just clean out the channel. That's what we need. That's all you got to do. We got We got people. We got the people. God's called the bride. We got the people. Just clean the channel out. Amen. The the the bride's okay. She's all right. She's called. Amen. But she needs her channels cleared out. Amen. Get cleaned out where the Holy Spirit can come in and get rid of fanaticism, isms of man, the ideas of man. Clean it all out. And don't go and try to smite the rock again and bring forth something new out of the rock. Just speak to the rock. Amen. The waters are fresh. But you see what happened? Our ecclesiastical systems have damned up the stream. So you clean them all out. And he says, "Now listen, you're not going to have another rushing wind. You'll see neither will hear neither when neither will you see any rain but there's going to be rain. So we're not going to get a new system. Not going to get a new prophet. We're not going to get as in somebody else and that can do what brother Brandham did. Amen. We you know it's not going to make another oneness or assembly or or Presbyterian or or whatever else. Not another deity movement or not another prophet. Not another pro movement. Not another thunder. Get all the louds out. Amen. All the differences. Quit the fussing. Quit taking snippets of preachers and snipping them out. And you say he say he said this here and he said this there and you see what he's saying there. And all of your slander that's going around among preachers in the message with gossip against the moving of the Holy Ghost. Quit it all. Get back to the rock. Amen. Dig out the stream. Make a child. Get ready cuz it's going to move whether you are ready or not. Amen. There will come a sound from heaven. Hallelujah. Of the bride groom coming from from the sky. A trumpet will sound and the dead in Christ shall rise. There'll be a crescendo. We need a revival. What we need is a digging time. You dig. And the deeper you dig, the more water you get. Get all this stuff out of your life. If you ain't paying your debts, go pay them. Got lingering bills? Get it off of your mind, out of your heart. Get delivered from the thing, get ready to leave. We're leaving. Amen. We don't want nothing that has a claim on you to make you stay behind. Amen. Get rid of your malice. Get your stripe out. Clean out the ditches until you get down to the solid rock. Amen. Get down to water is pouring out of Emanuel's veins. Wait until you get down to a place where water's flowing out like a fountain. Start your meetings a new. I'm quoting the prophet with a new church order of letting God come in. Woo. That's what we need around the message. a new church order of letting God come in. Mhm. Take out your old fault finding, your backbiting, your stiff neck, and these superstitions and unbelief. Throw the thing out. You know what brother Brandham told the churches when he was here? He said, "You either get to digging or perish. You dig out the things, you throw it He said, "I'll tell you thus sayaeth the Lord, unless you dig out this corruption that's in there, you'll perish and your fruit and the church will dry up and die. Dig it out. You won't hear another latter rain or another former rain or whatever. But there'll be water and peace like a river flowing through every heart." Yes, sir. You'll see signs and wonders and miracles and powers of God returning back into the church and a real flowing Pentecost just coming down. That's the spirit's message. We start digging our parish. So, well, we don't need divine healing. I don't know who we is, but I do. And we ain't I ain't in your we. So, don't say we cuz I ain't the Amen. We need it more than ever. Amen. We Well, we got the best doctors, best medicine. Listen, Ron Spencer had the best doctors, best medicines that the money could buy that I mean that was way up in the millions of dollars that have been spent on the man. But they can't cure him. You know it's going to take to cure him? The power of the Holy Ghost. That's the only thing that can do it. Even they say, "Son, it's been your God." Amen. We got the best hospitals. Yeah. We got more sickness. Got more unbelief. That's why. Amen. So get rid of whatever is clogging the channel. And I'm going to say to you young people, if it's gaming, get rid of it. If it's porn, leave it behind. Amen. If it's vaping, stop it. If it's drugs, flee from it. Amen. If it's a fornication, run. Amen. Clean out the channel. It doesn't matter what it is or who it is this morning. Look at your own life. If it's your phone, I got some advice for you. Get a life. Amen. If it's looking to the news too open and getting burdened with things that you have no control over, dig it out. Get back into the good news. I got good news. He's coming. Not only he's coming, but he's here. And he's here in bride form about to take a people over. Amen. Get back until there's a spirit of worship in the church, till the spirit gets back in the songs. Throw that log of criticism aside. Get to where you can shout the praises of God and become a part of the minstrel. You know, I hear a lot of times logs stroed logs. Preachers, beaver dam preachers throwing logs. Well, I saw people he shout all over the building and go live a backsliding life. Well, look at both sides of it. I've seen people claim the Holy Ghost without emotion just by believing the message and never have an experience and then go back and live a backsliding life. And there's a whole lot more of them that gets up and shouts and go back and be a bachelor in life than there is those that are sitting in message pews educated in the gospel. And living backsliden lives. Throw out the log. Get in the channel. Get aware that you're in the spirit. Get the spirit back in the evening light tabernacle. Oh, sure. We go through cycles, through ups and downs. We'll have deaths in the church. We'll have situation comes. I tried to show you. I went through the loss of my own wife and I tried to show you how to conduct myself, how to conduct yourself before the children of God. I never let it dictate my sermons bring me down. You say, "Brother Tim, you never had tears. Not that you saw." Amen. You never had that days of depression. Not that I let you see. Amen. Those are times I settle it out on my knees. But when I come to the church, I didn't bring my depression with me. And I didn't preach my depression. And I tell you, don't you worship your depression. Let the thing go. Amen. Don't bring it. Amen. If you're bringing the house of God, throw it out. Amen. Rise up above it. You're a son or daughter of God. People can still go to a ball game and shout and scream and whatever else and then call you a holy roller. Well, I'll tell you, brother Bradam had a name for you. He said, "If you can do that, go to the ball game and scream and holler and shout and then then look down on the church for doing the same." He said, "If we are holy rollers, you are unholy rollers." But if you get in the spirit one time, you see the water came. They didn't even see a wind. They didn't see a rain. But they hit the rock. And that same rock that provided water in the wilderness back in the days of Moses came again and watered them all. And not only did it water, but you see, when the enemy looked and they saw that water, to them it looked red. Amen. It is red. It's bloody red with the blood of Jesus Christ. And they looked at it and said, "Hey, they killed everybody." And here they ran in there and, you know, ran in there to them and and Israel fell upon them and killed them all. Why was it? Because they cleaned out the channels. Are you ready to clear your channels this morning? Are you ready for the Holy Ghost to move? Are you ready for the dynamic power of God? Are you ready for the Holy Ghost? If you're not, make yourself ready. Get it out. Whatever's in your life, whatever is hindered, whatever is holding you back from that closer walk, get it out of your life. Make a surrender to God. God promised it. As I close this morning, musicians, come now. We believe in restoration. But do we believe in revival? Revival and restorations are the same. They're the same thing. If God says, "I will restore it." He is saying, "I will revive." It is his will that we have revival. It's his will that the shadow of the king be in our midst. It's his will that we are on fire and not lukewarm. It's his will that healing takes place. It is the children's bread. It is that the will that devils are cast out and souls are saved. Once again, healing is restoration. Healing is revival. And the whole purpose of this message was to bring healing, restoration, revival. Is it reviving you this morning? Are you letting logs lay on your victory and killing your faith? We're coming down to the communion table. If the power lines are clogged this morning, get it opened up. You see, faith was the original design for he said, "If you abide in me, my words abide in you. You will ask what you will and it shall be given to you. We were created to walk in dominion, to rule, to operate in divine authority. But through the fall, that connection was severed. Yet through redemption, we have been restored. So what's stopping us? Why don't we see the full power and the full manifestation of his power? You see, those divine power lines meant to operate to us have become blocked. The supernatural flow of God has been hindered. Not because God wield that. That was never his will. You hear brother Brandham say, "The church now ought to be raising the dead, casting out devils, the miracles of God among it." But that supernatural flow of God has been hindered by man's unbelief, religious traditions, man's theology. Make the word of God of none effect. For too long, the enemy has used false doctrines, doubt, human reasoning to block God's move of his spirit. It's time to clean out the debris. I want to say, throw out that log of unbelief that says miracles are not for today. Tear out that old dead religion that says the Holy Spirit isn't needed and doesn't come like it did in the book of Acts. That log of fear that whispers in your ear is the serpent's hiss that says and tells you the doctor said I can't be healed. No, we can't accept that. God has not changed. His word is still alive today. So tap into it. Get connected. You see the electricity power in these lights. They're it's invisible. It's a power yet it's invisible. Yet when it's harnessed, it'll light cities. It will power machines. It will connect the world. Remember Benjamin Franklin? He discovered it. He shouted, "I got it." But he had no idea how far it would go. Here come Edison alone. Put it to work. Now we got wireless technology. Signals travel through space at speeds way too fast for you and I. But it's real. It's powerful. It's been lifechanging. Now, what I'm saying to you, if the natural laws can do this, what about the supernatural laws of the spirit? What happens when the spirit of God is unhindered and flowing through a yielded vessel? What happens when faith connects to the divine current coming from heaven? I'll tell you what happens. Miracles happen. The sick are healed. The dead are raised. The lost are saved. Chains break. Revival will ignite. This is what the church was designed for. Are you blocking the flow? Are you holding it back? I'll tell you some people, they're more wired for the enemy's power than for God's power. They believe in sickness more than healing, in fear more than faith, in doubt more than God's promise. And because of that, the enemy has free reign to bring disaster and depression, destruction. But I'm telling you this morning, we were not made for defeat. I upon this rock will build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. It's Satan's kingdom that operates through fear and unbelief and deception. And it produces exactly what it was designed to produce. Sickness, bondage, hopelessness, and death. What about God's kingdom? Is it powerless? The devil's kingdom has great power in it. But what about the kingdom of God? Should not the body of Christ, who is the very extension of Jesus on earth, shouldn't we operate in victory and healing and power and miracles and dominion? Shouldn't we? Why did he redeem us? How come he purchases us with his own blood? Why did he wipe it clear where you could boldly approach the throne of grace? Why did he send the Holy Spirit? Did he do it just to forgive us and leave us powerless? He say you're saved and you have no authority, no healing, no victory in life. No, that's not why he did it. He did it so you could walk in power. He did it so you could tread on serpents and scorpions and nothing by any means would hurt you. That these signs would follow them that believe in my name. They would cast out devils. They would speak with new tongues. They will lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. The body of Christ is to be a mighty force, but it's got to be properly wired. Got to have the channels cleaned out. It's got to have dedicated channels where the Holy Spirit can flow. When the building is wired right, all it takes is a flip of the switch and the power flows. And if the church is wired to Jesus Christ, wired to the word, when that master electrician flips the switch, revival will explode because it's restoration. Are you ready? Yes. Are you ready? Is something grounded in your life? Is something holding it back? Is something keeping it? Is your faith wired to theology instead of revelation? If you're plugged into doctrine instead of the spirit? If you're filled with doubt instead of faith, the power will never flow. I want to tell you this morning, strip out the unbelief. Tear down the mental barriers. Dig down deep. Clear the channels so the Holy Spirit can flood in. Be filled with the spirit. It's not enough to have the vine. We must be the branches. We must be willing to bear the fruit. The vine carries the life, but the branch bears the fruit. God's depending on you this morning to bear the fruit. Have you been thirsty in your life? Do you thirst for a closer walk? Do you long for more of Jesus? Do you realize you're thirsty this morning and you're in a dry and thirsty place? What's the word from the prophet? Take the shovel and dig ditches. Dig out the logs. Move the unbelief. Hit the rock till the spirit flows. I want you to bow your heads for a moment before we have this communion service. Maybe you'd like to take this communion unhindered. As a newborn babe in Christ, you'd really like to right now surrender your heart to the Lord. You've never really done it. Never really cleaned out those channels. you to let something hinder you, hold you back. But you heard this morning that that desire in your heart is a real desire. God put it in you. It's a channel. That desire is a channel for his Holy Spirit to flow through down to the soul to change you in his presence. Would you like to be changed? Would you like the lifegiving power to be in your life? Would you like the whatever's been hindering you, holding you back? I don't care what it's been. Maybe drugs, alcohol, maybe sin. Maybe you stopped all of that and you've had a sanctified life and you kind of cleaned up a little bit. But you know what? Why don't you let him really clean you up? Why don't you do it by letting the flow of the Holy Spirit move through you until it boils all the trash out? Until it that flows like a river in your life. Maybe I could just get you to do that first step of faith this morning and just raise a hand to God and say, "That's me, Brother Tim. I really want that in my life." Would you raise your hand to God? God sees you. God sees you. God sees you. God sees you. God sees you. Amen. There's even saints of God raising their hands right now in this building. Amen. That are saying, "I want it flowing, unhindered. I want it to be completely I want to get into the spirit where the spirit of God can really move in my life. Amen. Where I can really have communion with him where this communion will not just be bread and wine that I take in symbols but I really have communion with the father where the flow of the Holy Spirit really moves in my life. Will you surrender to him? Will you surrender right now? One more hand. One more hand. I'm just asking you just to surrender right now. I'll say here I raise my hand surrender. God bless you. Father, in the name of Jesus, you said, "He that comes to me, I will in no wise cast out." I pray in the name of Jesus, do the work that only you can touch the lives and the hearts of your children this morning. Father, as you've moved on their lives, as you moved on their hearts, hands lifted to you. I pray Lord that there'll be a channel the Holy Spirit can flow through now. Every bit of trash, every login, every hindrance moved out, the Holy Spirit moving supreme in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. So I throw up my hands, praise you again and [Music] again. All that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. I know it's not much, nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] All my words fall short. All my words fall [Music] short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? [Music] I could sing these songs as I often do. Every song must sing, but you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I know it's not much. Nothing else for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] I' I've got one response. I've got one response. I've got just one. I've got just one word. With my heart, with my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. No, I throw up my hands. Oh, I praise your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else before king except for a heart singing [Music] out. [Music] Hallelujah. Come on my soul. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift the door on. You got a lion in this sil get up and praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul. Don't you shy on me with a good song. You got a lion inside of those. get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. And all that I have is hallelujah. No wisdom much. I'm nothing else but for a [Music] king. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I got one response. I've got one response. I've got just one word with my arms stretch wide. I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] happy nothing else before a kingle. [Music] Hallelujah. Take these hands and lift them up to praise your name. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Oh, take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Take my voice. Oh, take my voice and pour it out. Let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. For I am nothing. I am nothing without you. Oh, and all my soul needs is all your love. Cover me, Lord. [Music] Oh, can you see I am nothing without [Music] you and take my body and build it up. may be broken as an offering of love. For I am nothing. I am nothing. Oh, without you. Oh, and all my [Music] soul peace is all you love. Cover me. All the world will see that I am nothing without you. Take my [Music] time and take my time here on this earth. Let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing. Yes, I am nothing. Oh, without you. Love for all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world can see that I am nothing without all my soul. All my soul is all your love. Your love cover me so all the world will see that I am nothing without you. [Music] I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh [Music] Lord, I exalt thee. I exalt thee, oh I exalt thee, oh Lord.
