################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Unclogging the Faith Lines - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on June22, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    Unclogging the Faith Lines - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on June22, 2025
Speaker:  Timothy Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpfWVZThCPg
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] and forever. Jesus is alive. And well, he's alive. He's alive. He's living in me to tell the world that he is the same. He's the same. Oh, today Jesus is alive and well. He's alive. For he is alive, living in me to tell the world that he is the same. [Applause] He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Applause] Jesus is alive and well. Keep ch. We bow our hearts. We bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast down our idol. Give us clean hands. Give us pure hope. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Give us your heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be one generation that see your face. Oh God. Oh God, let us see a generation that see your face. Oh God of Jacob, we bow our hearts deep and down. Your spirit come make us free. We turn our eyes from evil. [Applause] Oh, [Music] let us not lift our souls to one another. Give us clean hands. Give us your heart. Let us not lift our soul to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that see your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us see. Oh that seems your face. Oh God of Jacob, we bow our hearts. We bow our heart. We bend our knees for the spirit. We turn our eyes from evil things, oh Lord, we cast down. [Applause] Oh, give us your heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. [Music] Oh, let us not lift our soul to another. God, let us free your name. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be a generation that see your face. Oh God of Jacob. [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. Oh, just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and pour aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. [Music] L pour your spit out. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. How we need your touch. Find my tri. [Music] place. I'm thirsty. Oh, forgive me. Lord, forgive me if my father away from you. You are all I [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. So just like the rain [Applause] comes on me. Heal my heart and take me home. I need you now. Pour your spirit out, Lord. I seek you. Help me find you. How I need you. [Music] My tri I'm thirsty for your love. [Music] Lord, forgive me if I wonder. [Applause] [Music] you for all I ever need. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Oh, such a great my [Music] arrest on me. Oh, and fill my cup again. [Music] Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. [Music] And pour your spirit out on me. Fill. Oh, I saturate my thirsty clothes. Come fresh on me. Fill my cup again. and make me whole. I need you. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. [Music] You are the healer. You're the healer of my heart. maker and the God of all we are. [Music] I was the proade [Applause] vessel in your hand. Would you look beyond the hurt and made me whole again. Healer of the broken he [Music] now my whole life. Lay it down before the mander. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love this song before I do. You has brought me years. Oh, now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] You are the healer, the healer of my heart. the maker and the go. [Music] I was the broken heart. As he looked beyond all your hurt, you looked beyond the hurt. to make me whole again. You're the healer, healer of the broken. You touch my heart. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love that song before I knew you has brought me here to where you are. Oh, now I live to praise you, Lord. Ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. Nothing, nothing compares Lord to knowing you and seeing what the grace of God can do. [Music] You faithfully saw me and you called me. You call me your own. Oh, you made a way and made a way to bring a wondering heart back home. For you're the healer. Oh, you touch my heart and you need it. Now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the spender. Lord, I give my heart to you. Love this song before I give away. Forever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. [Music] Key F. You hold my moment. You hold my You walk with me through fire. Heal all mighty disease. I trust Lord. I trust in you. I believe you're my king. I believe you are all I need. Lord, I believe. I believe. Oh, is he your portion this morning? I believe you're more than enough for me, Jesus. You're all I need. You hold my every moment, Lord. You walk my way. As he walks with you through the fire, you walk with me. [Music] Almighty, [Music] I trust you. Yes, Lord. I trust I trust in you, Lord. I believe I believe that you're my [Music] portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. I believe you. I believe you're my king. I believe I for Jesus you're all I [Music] Why don't we stand together this morning? Let's sing that song just one more time. How many believe he's your portion? He's all we need. How many needs healing this morning? Has a loved one on your heart that needs a touch from the Lord? He's the healer. He's the great providers. We want to go to him in prayer this morning. do want to remember brother Dennis Simmonelli's family. His cousin passed away in the middle of the night last night. Also want to remember um sister Diane's brother is doing better. Still in a wheelchair and a walker. Uh he is able to walk some. So just want to continue to remember him. Amen. Want to do Remember brother Joe Adams dad. He's still got some swelling in his legs and in his ankles that really needs a touch from the Lord. Amen. How many would like to just approach the throne of grace? Maybe you don't want to pray for your own personal need necessarily this morning, but you want to maybe lift somebody else up in prayer. Say, "Lord, there were friends of a man one day that took the urgency of somebody else's needs so desperate that they literally ripped the shingles off the roof. You might not have the chance to physically rip the shingles off the roof, but you can press somebody into the master's presence with your prayers today. Why don't we go and speak to him now? Heavenly Father, it's with a great confidence, Lord, that we come to you this morning. Your word is declared that where two or three would gather, there you would be in their midst. whatever they would ask, whatever they would agree upon, two or three touching any one thing. You the God of heaven that has created all things that sees every sparrow that flies, that falls, every gnat that bats its eye. Lord, we're your people. We're your chosen. We're the bride of Jesus Christ. We're the final voice to the final age. Lord, our petitions are being pressed into your presence this morning. Lord, there's loved ones on our hearts that Lord, in this late hour, this late age, Lord, the cries of the wars across the world and tremors in many places and certainly the end of time has come upon a people. And Lord, there's people that need to know you and the power of your resurrection. Lord, there's those that need the token on display in their lives. But Lord, who better to come before the King than Esther herself. So Lord, as your bride, we come before the King this morning, bearing our petitions and our needs and asking, Lord, that you would move one more time, Lord, that you would look upon your people this morning, not with judgment, not as the lion, but Lord, as the lamb. Look through the blood this morning. And Lord, may you extend the golden scepter. Would you offer peace, Lord? Not what we deserve, but Lord, extend grace this morning. Lord, those that are asking for forgiveness in their heart, maybe just now they're saying, "Lord, I plead the blood. Lord, I plead the blood over me and I plead the blood of Jesus over my family. Lord, extend the borders of your garment today, Lord. May this service be a real encouragement even as Wednesday night was such an encouragement to your people or brother Aaron ministering. God, I just pray that the wind of the Holy Spirit would just blow through this place. Give your people such a comfort in this treacherous time that we find ourselves living in. But Lord, we're looking to the cross this morning. Lord, we're looking to the hills from whence comest our help. Our help cometh from the Lord. Anoint the minister this morning. We remember the needs that have been read across the desk. Lord, the Joe Adams dad, the Simonelli family. Lord, you are our supplier. You are our healer. We have total confidence in you, Lord. You've done so many things so many times for so many people. We're saying, Lord, just once more committing this service to you and the specials that'll be sung. Lord, we just want to create an atmosphere where you would just desire to come down and walk among your people. We love you with a undying love this morning [Music] in Jesus name. in Jesus name. Amen. I believe you're my more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. Amen. Why don't you turn around and greet your neighbor this morning? Welcome them to the house of the Lord. Tell them it's good to see him this morning. Amen. The brothers wouldn't mind taking up the offering this morning. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on Amen. Amen. It's going to be a great day. Amen. It's a good day when the children of God come and lay down their burdens. Amen. If you haven't laid them down yet, I mean, right now is a good time. That's right. Amen. My heavenly hope is bright. I feel like a gravity [Music] and it's burning. [Music] [Applause] I feel like I feel like [Music] it's right [Music] down the sun out. I feel like driving [Music] shall be mind. I feel like gravity. [Applause] Oh, [Music] right in there. I feel like travel. Let other [Music] me. I feel like I'm traveling on you. [Music] I feel like driving me. I feel like [Applause] [Music] you I feel like Yes. I feel like traveling. Oh, I feel like [Music] it's bright and I feel like [Music] Amen. Sister Adeline's got a special force just after it's done. God bless you. You didn't have to open my eyes, Lord. You could have easily passed me by. For the age I was living in was wretched, poor and blind. [Music] Oh, then I heard recognizing your day. Serpent seed and perfect face, the breach and the message of grace. And Lord, I thank thee. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory that's revealed to me? Oh, thanks for that special time when I saw your glorious light. Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. God, even in my wildest dreams, did I think I'd ever see such things as the coming of the Lord, the rapture mystery. Oh, I have heard, but now I see God in simplicity. The spoken word is the original. Lord, we all thank thee. And I just want to thank you, Lord. Holy, what have I done to deserve such glory that's revealed in me, Lord? place more that special time when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. Could y'all say it with me one time? Oh, I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory that's revealed in me? Thanks for that special time when I saw your glorious life. Came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. came face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. Let's just sing that chorus once again as Sister Adeline's coming. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. face to face with eternal life. [Music] [Music] I'm removing all of the things that could move me further from you. I think you could not be enough. It's not lost on me what you saved me from. I'm running stumbling I know but I'm coming to give you this offering my worship will never withhold broken but you call it beautiful where the tears of the desperate [Music] reach the feet of the savior. Savior. Nothing I wouldn't offer. There's no waste at the altar. Where the heart of surrender meets the hands of the maker. Nothing I wouldn't offer. There's no waste at the altar. Things [Music] I've tured couldn't come close to your presence. Grace upon grace. Who could me? [Music] I'm returning back to the one I am running to give him my love. He took a sinner like me. Wash me with grace and then set me free. May the tears of the desperate reach the feet of the Savior. Nothing I wouldn't offer. There's no way at the altar where the heart of surrender meets the hands of the maker. Nothing I wouldn't offer. There's no way at the alar. [Music] Come lay your broken dreams at the altar. End victory at the altar. Fear and anxiety cannot live here. There's no waste at the altar. Let your heart sing out. Tell him you love him. Don't make it perfect. Let it be honest. He can use anything. Sit back and watch him. There's no waste at the altar. Come lay your broken dreams at the altar and every victory at the altar. Fear and anxiety cannot live here. No waste at the altar. Let your heart sing out and tell him you love him. Don't make it perfect. Just let it be hest. He can use anything. Sit back and watch him. There's no waste at the altar. There's no waste at the altar. There's no waste at the altar. No waste at the altar. [Music] Come lay your broken dreams at the altar and every victory at the altar. Fear and anxiety cannot live here. There's no waste at the altar. Let your heart sing out and tell him you love him. Don't make it perfect. Just let it be honest. He can use anything. Sit back and watch him. There's no waste at the altar. No at the altar. No at the altar. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Appreciate the specials this morning. Amen. Just as brother Timothy comes this morning, let's sing a song I think we all know pretty well. It's been sung as a special. It's called Holy Forever. Thousand generations falling down before the Lamb. Amen. Thous [Music] sing a song of faith to the lamb. All who've gone before us and all who will believe. Sing the song of angels to the land. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All scrolls and domination. All powers and decision. Your name stands above them all. And the angels cry. Holy all creation cry. Holy. You are lifted high. are holy, holy forever. [Music] If you've been if you've been redeemed, sing the song forever to the lamb. And if you walk in freedom, if you bear his name, sing a song forever. Forever. [Music] Holy all creation. Holy you are lifted high. Holy, holy forever. [Music] And the angels cry. Holy is the king of the king of kings. Holy will always be holy. Holy forever. [Music] Hallelujah. He will always be holy forever. He will always be great forever. He will always be God forever. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. How many love him this morning with all your heart? Just want to praise him for all that he's done in your life and your situation. Let's just go to him in prayer today and just ask the Lord to come and speak to us. Father, we just want to say how much we love you and appreciate you. And thank you for this opportunity again, Lord, to worship you in spirit and truth. Lord, we just so thank you for all that you've done in our lives. Lord, we're so thankful that we can say with assurityity that you will be God forever. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, that we can serve a living God today. A God who hears and understands. A God who knows the situations that we deal with and circumstances that we may even find ourselves in today. Lord, there's nothing too hard for you, Lord. And we're know that you're not just able, you're more than able today to meet each need according thy riches and glory. We ask, Father, you'll just bless us in your presence, Lord. Bless us by your grace and mercy, Lord, as only you can do, Lord. We ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Turn to Genesis chapter 18 if you would. Also, John chapter 14. Amen. I like to wish a happy anniversary, 29th anniversary to my wife, Sister Ruth. And been 29 years. It's hard to believe. That just means I'm getting really old. Amen. But um we uh really thankful for a wife that loves the Lord and loves God's people and and uh stands for truth and for righteousness. Amen. We really really thank the Lord for those things. And Amen. We just want to say we love you with our all of our heart today. We're happy to be here this morning. Uh it's kind maybe a different uh change up today than what you would think or we tried to get a visiting minister, but I guess that's who I am today because I'm flying out for Florida today. So, I'll be your visiting minister. Amen. We're going to go and spend a little time with the grandbaby who had it planned for anniversary and then we had a wedding that just messed up everything. Amen. You know, we we're thankful, Sister Kimberly and Brother Christopher and their their lives that were united in Christ. And we just ask God's blessing upon them. And Amen. God to just lead them and guide them today and the rest of their time up here on earth and into eternity. Amen. That's what we're striving for. Amen. Is eternity. Amen. I believe that's what our heart's cry ought to be upon. Genesis 18 and verse one said, "The Lord appeared unto him in the plains of Mamry. And he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. And he lifted up his eyes and looked, and lo, three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground, and said, My Lord, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant. Let a little water, I pray, that you be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourself under the tree. And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts, after that ye shall pass on. For therefore are ye come to your servant. And he said, And they said, So do as thou have said. And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quickly three measures of fine meal, knead it, make cakes upon the hearth. And Abraham ran into the herd, fetched a calf tender and good, and gave it to a young man, and he hastened, and dressed it. And he took butter and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them, and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat. They said unto him, Where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent. And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life, and lo Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it, and the tent door which was behind him. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and wellstricken in age, and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women. Therefore sa Sarah jumped up and down and praised God and thanked him for all he's about to do. Now she laughed within her heart, saying, "After I'm waxed old, shall have pleasure of my Lord being old also." And the Lord said unto Abraham, "Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying shall I of assurity bear a child which I'm old? Is anything too hard for the Lord?" At the time appointed, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. And Sarah denied, saying, I laugh not, for she was afraid. And he said, Nay, but thou didest laugh. John 14:12 says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto my father. And whatsoever you shall ask in my name, that will I do that the Father may be glorified in the Son. And if you shall ask anything in my name, I will do it." Amen. God bless you today. You can be seated. I'd like to speak to you this morning on unclogging the faith lines. Amen. Unclogging the faith lines. This this saying it's referring to or maybe a metaphor of removing the barrier or obstacle that is standing in the way or disconnecting you or disconnecting the connection of your faith to God. It is to clear out anything that hinders the flow of faith. So the word of life, the word can can breathe and have life. Amen. It's just like a heart. You know, a heart can get clogs in the arteries and and it can build up over time and if you are if they're left alone, we know is it would do what it would do cause a heart attack and it would seize up the heart and the beat of that heart would stop and and of course it would bring death to the body. But it takes a removing of the hindrance or the blockage so that the blood can flow as it should through the through the body and into the brain different organs and bring life to the to the body. You know there's many hindrances or blockages that can stop up the faith lines. Uh one blockage is uh relying on relying on yourself. You know believing that we can ne navigate through life on our own or you know and not really rely on God. And of course we end up getting oursel in an awful mess all the time. And and when we do it leads to more hindrances or more blockages of fear and an anxiety and fear and anxiety begins to dictate the actions in our life which leads to more blockages and more problems. And that and those blockages are negative thoughts and feelings and which allows negative emotions to guide you instead of being guided by faith based upon the word. Amen. and and then in in that negative emotion then despair sets in or bitterness or whatever and it begins to add to the hindrances and then our our focus gets on the wrong things. It gets on things that are around us and we begin to look for a way amen to maybe navigate a different way or to do something h some other way and we end up getting ourselves in in more and more of a situation. you know, we we begin to try to maybe look for a way to dig out of our situation on our own. But instead of looking at the word, we look at the issues and the circumstances that are around us. And you know, and we can see that all through the Bible. This is what Sarah was doing when when you know, they had a supernatural visitation that day is a as Abraham would look up and he would see these three men walking towards him. And we know there's many things hidden in the scriptures that he didn't say my lords, but he said my lord because there was only one God. Amen. But he he would he would begin to invite him into his home and he would begin to speak to him and and he begin to and God would begin to unveil to him what was about to take place in their life and and he would speak Sarah's name and he would tell that she was going to have a son. and Sarah, you know, instead of looking at what was going on and maybe not catching the significance of the moment of that supernatural visitation, it maybe was just another day and you know, and and and the prophet broke into this a lot and he said, you know, she was just in a mood that day and she she she wasn't expecting that that day would be the fulfillment or the promise or that would be a supernatural visitation. Maybe she looked out there and she didn't catch the significance of who was among her, who was who was visiting her that day. And and so when the voice begins to speak and it puts her in the promise, instead of her beginning to rejoice and thank God and and instead of her looking at what God was trying to portray to her, amen, doubt rose up in her heart and she be to laugh at what God had said. And you know, we do the same things. Amen. Amen. Last Wednesday night, we heard a wonderful message of of faith and deliverance of the proving time. And many times we see ourselves being put directly in the promise. But yet, we look at it and say, "Well, this is too much. This is too hard. This is too great. How could God do this?" But even God answered that question. He said, "Is anything too hard for the Lord?" Hallelujah. And I like to ask that this morning. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? So no matter the situation, no matter what the circumstances are, no matter what the problems, sicknesses, problems, financial struggles, children wayward, whatever it is, there is nothing that is too hard for the Lord. There is no situation that is too great. There is no sickness that is too great. There is no problem that is too great. There is no devil that is too big. Amen. for our God that can come down and remove every obstacle if we can get those lines of faith unclogged. Amen. Where God can move in that channel that he has ordained to move in. Amen. Many people begin to think, well, you know, if I only had faith, you know, faith faith isn't based on long drowned out prayer meetings. Faith is not even based on if you fasted enough. Faith is an unconscious thing. It's an unconscious thing. your real faith. You're unconscious of it. You don't know that. You don't even know the faith that you have. Come on, somebody. You don't even know the faith you have. Faith is there. It just have to get the channels open and the lines cleared and the connection from faith to the word that it may live. Amen. Could you imagine Jesus coming up to the moments that he faced in his life and question whether he had faith or not? Do I have faith to stop the winds? Do I have faith to steal the waves? Do I have faith to raise Lazarus up? He never questioned his faith. The first thing before we can, but the first thing before we can have faith, we got to have some foundation for faith. And we've been preaching on faith for a long time. And we know that faith only has one foundation. That is the word of God. Faith is not based upon an emotion. Faith is not based upon Amen. upon whether you like like I said emotion whether you feel good or you don't feel good. Whether it looks right or it don't look right. Whether the day is bright or it's cloudy, whether the sun is shining or it is not. Faith is only based upon the word. Not my word, not some preacher's word, not even the seventh messenger's word. It is based upon the word of almighty God. Amen. And so that's where you got to bring faith back to. That's where you actually that's where you got to bring everything back to. You got to bring your feelings back to the word. Amen. Because our our our what we feel can deceive us. There's a lot of things, you know, you feel you feel a lot of pressure sometimes. And brother Brandon would even talk about he said sometimes you have this feeling. He said you look at and you don't even realize that you're actually bumping into angels. And sometimes you might think that's a something go else going on. But meanwhile, angels are all around you. It happened in the Bible. I mean, we know the prophet of God was there and the Syrian army surrounded him. There was a lot of feelings going through that servant's heart. There was a lot of anxiety and a lot of fear and a lot of things that were going on in that moment. Amen. But the prophet looked around. He said, "Hey, what are you worried about? There's more with us than there is against us." And he said, "Well, what are you talking about? What are you saying? How how can you say that? Do you not see that big old army? He said, God opened this boy's eyes. And he said, when his eyes came open, he was able to look along the hill line and there was chariots of fire and angels of fire all around that prophet. I want you to understand those same angels are still in attendance today. They are still around the people of God and they're still standing there and they're still waiting to be amen to be ordered to move on your behalf. But our faith lines get clogged up and all we can see is Syrians and we can see problems and sickness and situations and what we can see with these two eyes and and and our faith eyes gets clouded over and we can't see past our own hands. Sometimes it gets so dark and gets so impossible. But you know, we got to come back to the word in those moments. You got to come back to the word. You don't you don't we're not relying on a on a certain gift, but we believe in gifts. We're not relying on certain things or certain emotion. We believe in emotional emotional religion. We believe in all those things. I don't believe in a dead one. Amen. But I believe in one that's got life in it and and a response in the body. Amen. I believe in those things. Amen. But you know when a man when he chooses a life companion, you know, he'll he'll look at her life we and so forth and and what what what the family is and who she's from and what's her background and so forth. And and we have to, you know, he got to have something that he can have a basis upon. And then he asked her, you know, the only thing he can take is her word. That's the only thing he can take. That's all she can take from him is his word. There's no other way around it. And then we know some some men have broken their promises. Some women have broken their promise. But I'm so glad that God has based it in such a way that we can just take his word. And he has never broken a promise. He never has broken a promise. Did he not fulfill it in Sarah's life? He said, "I'm going to return at the right time, in the right season, at the right moment, and you're going to have a son." It didn't matter how much she doubted and how much she laughed. God was going to fulfill his word anyhow. And it doesn't matter how many people laugh about a rapture or body change or or or a supernatural thing. It doesn't matter. God's going to fulfill his word anyhow. People can laugh at supernatural things. They can make fun of it. They can down it. They can do whatever they want to. God's going to fulfill his word. But you know, God when he made man in the beginning, you he made him the the God of the earth and he he gave him jurisdiction over everything on the earth to control and he controlled the animal life. He controlled the foul and the fishes of the sea. He controlled the winds. He controlled the plants. He he controlled everything. And he was made as a as a as it were a secondary god upon the earth. He was given the power to control everything, all elements. That was Adam. Adam was given those great powers and then this power that he was given. Amen. You know, he but he had a choice and we know the choice that he made. But you know, Adam could speak to the winds and it would stop. He would he would speak to trees and they would obey him. He would speak to wildlife and it would obey him. He would speak to water. Whatever it was, everything obeyed Adam. This was the beginning of man. That's what God gave him the power to have over all the earth. But through the fall, he lost that power. He became unconscious to the fact after losing the relationship and the friendship with the father. Amen. Things begin to happen. All the great channels that he once operated in and he once had a direct line and it was clear between him and the father. It became clogged up and he couldn't get through as it were before. You know, Abra Adam had never been sick. He had never he would never had to die. He never had to worry. He never had a heartache. Could you imagine a life like that? Could you imagine a life like that? That's where we're going back to. Amen. We woke up in this world full of worries. I mean, you know, maybe a baby may not be able to voice what he's worried about, but you can tell he's worried. He's worried if he's going to get to eat again. He's worried about this and worry starts at a very young age. And he begins to go and this but a life he never worried. He he just climbed up in the arms of his father like a child. Everything was his. Whatever he asked, he got it. Everything obeyed him because he was God's child. And as a child, he was heir to it all. But he fell and he lost this. Amen. In other words, all the plumbing, amen, as it were, in the brain and and the outlets that that faith used to move and operate through had become clogged up with business affairs and home life and and domestic things. And it all became clogged up with until God can't operate through those channels anymore un that he made man for unless they are opened up by the word of almighty God. When God made the human body, every little part had a play. Every part had a part to play. The teeth, the tongue, the eyes, the nose. God does everything in there to make it perfect in operation. And so God so patterned the man, the body, the man. How much has he also patterned and set in the order? The body of Christ, the church. If he designed man's body, he has certainly designed the body of his son, the church. He has designed us to come together in heavenly places. He has designed us to have supernatural workings of God among us. Come on, somebody. I'm a direct quote. He has designed us to have those work, those outlets, those gifts of the spirit, prophecy, and wisdom and knowledge and gifts of healing, all these other different gifts. It's outlets that God lets his power through. But Satan wants to clog them up. He wants to clog them up to keep the power of God out of the church and out of the people. Amen. You know, just like as it were, the veins of your body become clogged, it's keeping the power and the bloodline, the blood, the flow that brings life and oxygen to the rest of your body. If you can just get one spot clogged up, amen, people can lose a limb. They can they can lose all kinds of thing because of a a artery becoming clogged with something. And this is what has happened even in the body of Christ, in the body of believers. Amen. A things begin to get clogged up by ideas or isms or theologies or psychologies, whatever. And it clogs something up and that part of the body dies. God has placed these things that we can have a connection to him. You know, brother Brandon will make something a very a very wonderful thought here. He said, "Satan by his power, he makes his laws work in man." Now, he said, "By his power, he makes his laws work." He said, "How much more ought God in his power make his laws work in man?" If Satan can make his laws be so sure and us recognize them, how much more ought God through his children make his laws to be recognized among his people? Amen. Divine healing, revelation, power, gifts, manifestation of the spirit. The law of sin and death works in people. But the law of the liberty of Christ has also come that we can be free from the law of sin and death. Amen. You know, the the natural types of spiritual. I I I I I I think it's quite interesting in this time that we're living in where we're at and we know we're at the end time. We see prophecies being fulfilled all around us and among us. And every day we see things in the news that just lining more prophecies up. And just yesterday, you know, we we went over there and bombed them nuclear sites and and and and it's all over the news now that that nobody, no other nation, no other one, nobody, no other military could do what we did yesterday. And you read about it, Revelations 13, which speaks about the United States, the beast, amen, with two horns. And it comes up and it talks about how the whole world wonders at that beast because how it rains fire down from heaven. And I thought here here here this nation is being recognized as she is the only one that could bring death. Come on somebody. She's the only one that could do this job. She's the only one that could bring these bombs to this certain location and and with a certain way of doing it and go down deep enough to root out the enemy. She's the only one. Well, I want you to understand there's another people on this earth that are the only ones. Amen. Come on. If the law of sin and death can work, then the law of liberty can also work. We see the law of sin and death working and and prophecies being fulfilled. But there's also another prophecy of another woman. Amen. The law of the liberty of Jesus Christ is also working in. And she's the only one that the power of the rapture is going to work through and is going to change her body. You're saying we're the only ones going to be saved. That's not what I said. Said we're the only the bride is the only one going in the rapture. There's going to be a many a multitude without number that's going to be saved in the great tribulation and white throne judgment and given eternal life. But somehow, you know, we people get off on a tangent on that and think we preach this gospel that we're the only ones that can be saved. We're not the only ones that's going to be saved. Well, we are the only ones that's not going through the tribulation. That's a pretty good savings right there. Amen. He said, I I believe, brother, said like this. I believe we're nearing the age when people are going to recognize these things. Come on, somebody. We've been so through so much vain philosophy and teachings that ought not to be until it set the human mind to a revolution of thinking on matters of this and that and taking it away from the word of God. As I've said, faith doesn't come by fasting. Faith doesn't come by praying or reading books. All that's good, fasting, praying, reading a book. But faith comes by something that is settled down in the human heart and tells you just as sure as you come to church this morning, I'm going back home. Come on, somebody. I wonder if you have that same assurity that the same as I came from my father, I'm going back to my father. Just as the same as I got up this morning and I drove to the house of God, I'm going to go back. Yes, sir. faith, you know, it's not all about, well, I kept this rule and I kept that. That's where Satan wants to keep you on rules and regulations. You, you know, you just unconsciously, you'll unconsciously, how many, well, I mean, I hope there ain't nobody in this condition. You go out to your car after service and you're worried about whether it's going to start. I ain't going to ask hands to be raised. Just go out there. Matter of fact, I don't have to put the key in it no more. Just push the button. Got to have the key still. A little fob, you know. But you just push the button. I I don't worry about it. I've never one time thought, is this thing going to start? Not not not in my vehicle that I had faith in. Now, I've been in some other things I didn't have faith in, and I wondered if it's going to start, like a steel weed eater. People brag all about steel weed eaters and steal this, it'll steal your money is what it'll do. But they're the hardest things to start. You and they just want to throw it off and go get me something different. But in my car, I ain't never had that worry. I' I've never got in there and said, you know, I now there's been times I got in there and pushed the button or turned the key and it didn't start. But it wasn't I wasn't worried about it. He said, "This is exactly how it is. That's what faith is. You don't you you never move, you know, you don't worry about it. You just go out there and you start the car. It's become so accustom that this law is going to work. It's a natural thing. It becomes a custom in your life that when I go put my key in it and I turn it, it's going to start up. When I go and I put my gas pair, I push the gas, it's going to go forward. Amen. When it becomes you become so accustomed to that law working in your life that you don't even think about it no more. I thought, oh God, how much more greater would it be if we come accustomed to the supernatural working in our lives that we ain't worried about if it's going to work. We ain't worried about if his word's going to heal. We ain't worried about if his word's going to save. We ain't worried about it if he's going to return the prodical home. His word works. His word works. And it just needs somebody with some faith to start it up. Isn't what brother Brandham did when he was here. He gave us a car. As we heard from our pastor many times, he uses this analogy a lot. Amen. But he gave us a car. Amen. It wasn't just sitting there pretty and beautiful and shining the hubs and doing a wax job, but it would actually start. It had power to go down to divine healing. It had power to go down to thus sayeth the Lord. It had power in it. And it still has power in it. There's power enough in that car to run over anything, you know. I'm going to probably hurt some people's feelings right now because people get all this animal rights stuff in their mind. But I'm going to tell you right now, when I'm on the highway and that poor little beautiful bunny rabbit runs out in front of me, I ain't about to dodge. Oh, I heard it. Please don't hurt the rabbit. Listen, what you're going to do is you're going to dodge that rabbit and you're going to hurt yourself. Hello. You you I've seen this happen over and over. I have people that's gotten some terrible wrecks, kill people because of some little bunny rabbit or some little dog, some little cat, whatever kind of animal runs out in front of them. They get scared or they don't want to hurt it and they turn the wheel too sharp or turn it and they hit something else and cause all kind of problems. Listen, we got we got it's such a you got to get it inside of you that your life is greater. It's worth more. I know this world don't teach it that way. This world has changed it to where animals are greater than humans cuz I promise you, you go out there and do something to some eagle eggs or some kind of protected something, you'll be throwed under the jail, but you can go kill all the babies you want to kill. Hello, somebody. That is the laws of sin and death that are working and it's going through Satan's Eden. And it really it tries to infiltrate our minds until we're so worried about some little animal that we'll kill ourselves over it. I'm getting somewhere. Amen. Because this power that we're driving is greater than the thing that is in front of us. Come on, somebody. Amen. It's time you quit worrying about hurting the devil's feelings or hurting what he thinks or or stirring him up or causing a problem. Just run over his hide. Amen. It's time you get rid of that thing in your life and say, "I've got something greater that's living on the inside of me than what comes across my path." I've used this before, but I just hear, "Well, well, when we did have a bridge in Louisiana, we used to come this way. It's been about five years. State of Louisiana, please get it fixed." But here we are. But we used to come to this back road and I enjoyed it because you see all kind of wildlife. You see just a good country road and when all these red lights and so you just listening to a tape or a song or whatever, just enjoying it. And I'm coming to preach one Wednesday night and I look up just in time to see this snake come out across. And before I before I could even do anything, which I probably wouldn't any I know I wouldn't. I just right over it. Heard him pop. And I said, "Well, I I didn't see him I didn't see him coming like that, you know, kind of halfway to myself." And Sister Ruth sitting next to me, she said, "I think the bigger thing is he didn't see you coming." I thought that's pretty good. Amen. When you realize when the devil for he realized that you done got something. It ain't you no longer depending on your own strength and ability but now you're inside of a power. He stepped out in front of you before and he stopped you but this time he steps out in front of you and you run over his hide. Amen. That's what needs to happen this morning. You know that devil has stepped out time after time. Well, get enough of Jesus. Get enough of Christ on the inside. And the next time he steps out, it won't be no dodging around him. You'll run right over him. There is a power here that'll run right over cancer. It'll run right over every sickness and every disease and every situation. Problem is, you get the wrong tinkering mechanics and get all kind of stuff messed up. car won't run no more. But there's one who knows how to put it exactly right. You know, he said if we could just throw oursel completely to God and his will and be lost to our own thoughts and just let the mind of Christ be in us, them same operations of the spirit will work through us just as the natural things do. Wow. Just as you going out there and going just throw oursel completely to God. How many's willing to do that? And to his will and be lost to our own thoughts and let the mind of Christ be in us, them same operations of the spirit would work through us just as the natural things do. just the same thing because we were first created for that purpose to control, to rule, to praise God, and to live for God. Do you understand what he's saying? He said that devil was not built to control you. You were built to control that devil. That sin was not there to rule you. You were made to rule that sin. That sickness was not put in your life for it to rule you and rule your mind and rule your body. It was put there that you could put it under your feet and rule it. Jesus said, "If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you can ask what you will and it shall be given to you. If you abide in me and my words abide in you." What's he speaking about? The Holy Ghost. Well, I got to abide in the word. Well, you know how you abide in him is the Holy Ghost. You know how he abides in you is the Holy Ghost. He and his word is inseparable because the word is him. In the beginning was the word and the word was God and the word word was with God and the word was God and the word was made manifested made flesh and dwelt among us. God and his word is inseparable. You can't have God without having his word. And neither can you have his word without having God. In the beginning was the word. What is the word? The word is a thought manifested. It's a thought spoke. God's first God first. He perceived this thought and he spoke it and then that word became manifest. So everything that God has spoken, his word, received in the right channel, received in the right channel will materialize that word for whatever the promise is behind it. Come on. God will do it. He's obligated. Amen. If you abide in me and my word abide in you, then you can have God the word in you. And you believe the word just as you believe God because it is God and it is inseparable. Then if you have God's word in you, you have God's life in you. And if you have God's life in you, you have God's power in you. Then if you have God's word in you, you have God in you. And whatever God's word speaks forth out of you, it'll come to pass just like it was spoke from God. I got to get a drink of water on that one because I'm gonna say that again. because that happens to be a direct quote. He says, "Whatever God's word speaks forth out of you, it'll have to come to pass just like it was spoke from God." Jesus said, "Whatever you ask the Father in my name, that will I do." Do you realize what that means? Do you realize if we go before God in the name of Jesus is just the same as Jesus himself praying? It isn't me praying anymore. If I come in his name and he recognizes his name, he said, "Whatever you ask, I will do in my name." So when a when when a a representation of of of the US, you know, they don't go over there ambassador, that's the word I'm looking for. They don't go over there as of their own abilities or their own power. If they do, they're a fool. They go there in the name of the people or their government, whatever, of the United States of America. And so Paul by abiding to that it's just when they speak is as if America is speaking. And it's the same as we when we are now ambassadors of Christ here upon this earth. We're not we're not we're not speaking in our name. If we do in our own abilities, it may or may not come to pass. It may or may not happen. But when it's God's word that is spoke, it's going to come to pass. Now, people get that mixed up sometimes because especially it's a weird time we're living in because, you know, you can pray for somebody and they'll come back to you and say, "What? When you said this, what does this mean?" Well, I was just praying and I was speaking the word of God. Go to the word of God and go lay your faith there, right? Amen. We We were just interceding. for trying to move into that channel of faith to believe that God's going to move for your situation. Now, God may speak very directly. He may do that. I don't know how how he'll operate, but he's done it before. Amen. But the main point is don't depend on somebody else's prayer. Whether so and so laid his hands on me or not, or whether so and so said something to me or not, whether so and so did this or didn't do that, it matters not. What matters is God's word said it. Amen. We This is what we got to tie ourselves to. It's not if I got prayed for because you know you can get prayed for and you can go back and you can feel worse. But that doesn't change the that God's a healer or is the word doesn't make it false. His word is still true. He said the only thing that hinders today the human race today from being superior and controlling like they did in the beginning is because the power lines or the outlets of God made in human beings has been clogged up. Sometimes theology sometimes church doctrine sometimes ideas. So whatever clogged up your faith lines where I brought this text from clogged up your faith lines. Clogged up your lines till you have been taught that these things can't be that puts a block in there. He said, "Could you imagine this building being energized tonight for light by electricity? Electricity is an unseen force. But when it's harnessed and brought down, it brings light." You know, Benjamin Franklin, he he found it. He screamed, "I got it." But he didn't know what he had. And along came Edison and he he figured out how to put it to work. Benjamin, frankly, he felt it. But he know how to put it to work. We don't want to just feel this unseen force. We want to know how to put it to work. Amen. We want to be a conductor of it. We want to be a light show. As brother Brandon would say, he said, "When it is wired up correctly, it'll bring forth light. He said now you know only machinery can catch it and bring and bring it but it's a force. He said now if the natural laws of God which electricity and things once harnessed in the right capacity can do those things how much more could the power of the Holy Ghost once tossed in the human heart by faith. What can it do? Well, today there was one time that this up here right there, look up there. Y'all see them lights? Everybody see them? Okay. That used to be a supernatural event because for hundreds and thousands of years it was light a candle. But all of a sudden, you can just go right over there and just flip a switch and light up. Could you imagine the first people who saw that? It fried their brains. How is this working? How is this happening? How is this going on? How is this going? How how how? But today, we don't even think about it. We're so accustomed to it. We're so accustomed to electricity that the lights can be out. Have a storm, lights will be out. And I guarantee you'll still go in your room and you'll still try to flip them all. I've done it. So accustom. It's a It's a natural thing now. It used to be a supernatural thing, but now it's so accustomed to us that it's a natural thing for this to be. We don't think about it no more. Now we're entering into things now that are supernatural things. It's like, "Wow, how's this happening?" But it won't be long those things will be natural. It used to be a natural thing for healing to flow through a church. It was a natural thing for the supernatural to be present. It was a natural thing for the power of God to come down and change a life. But too many times it's become somewhere where it's like, "Wow, we had a great service. It was amazing." Well, why ain't every service amazing? Why ain't it a natural thing anymore? When the supernatural pours out, when the power of God comes down and it changes lives and it moves and it heals and it delivers, how come that is not a natural thing? Because things get clogged up. He says we as Christians become too clogged. We just can't understand or we're thinking about it, you know, about the word. But the doctor said, "I can't get well. We get that's a clog." And as long as you think that, you're not thinking God's thoughts. Amen. You can't do it. If you say, "Well, I'm going to die." The doctor said, "I'm going to die." All the best regards to the doctor. That's the best of his knowledge. If he said you're going to die, that's humanly speaking. And he said, 'You know, but the word, he said, maybe by humanly speaking, I believe that I believe that yeah, we're all going to die. He said, but by the word, I don't believe it. That's right. Because he promised me that whatever I ask the father in his name, it would be granted. And I believe that's the truth. If God can just clear out those little channels and run that energy out to the right places, then something's going to happen. The whole body is set together to operate in and his life to move through. Just as sure as it takes every member of my body to operate and give me life, so does it take every member of the body of Christ to operate together to bring it to life. This is what happened on the day of Pentecost. They got all the clogs out of the way. Oh, there's no doubt a lot of clogs there. They had things against Peter for what he said and this over here for what he done. And they had all kind of discussions. No doubt. But the scripture said they begin to get in one mind and one accord. Whose mind? The mind of Christ. Amen. They begin to forget about all their little isms and what had happened and how they had did this and how they denied, how they had doubted. They begin to forget all about that and all of a sudden that last channel was open that the power of God could flow down. I said, "God, help us this morning to open up every channel, every place, every spot that the Holy Ghost can move through. God, don't let me be a hindrance." He said, "It's amazing." He said, "Just as we got light here, there's a little string that goes across the road yonder, and it brings light over there, and it goes across the road yonder and brings." He said, "But that's material material things." He said, "How the energy goes down to the wire and it produces exactly over there what it does here, right? Because it's the same wire. It's hooked to the same source. So it moves from over here and goes right over there. Powers Brother Aaron's powers other buildings." Amen. What is it doing? Doing the same thing it's doing here. Producing AC. Praise God. Producing lights. Thank you, Jesus. And it's doing the same thing over there. Unless something gets clogged up. So many avenues you could go here. He said, "A long as the wiring is put together right, it's going to bring forth light." He said, "I I believe that a lot of times in the wiring of God, it's the same with God's spiritual body on earth." He said, 'Excuse me, but we've had some plumbers get in instead of electricians. No offense to the plumbers here today, but honestly, you don't really want a plumber wiring your house. Neither do you want an electrician plumbing your house cuz they're probably going to get a shock where you ain't supposed to get one and get water where you're not supposed to get it. Come on. This is what happened. And he said, "Plumbers got in and they try to save them by water." I love how he does it. He said, "This a big thing for Baptists, you know, save them by water." By water, they're baptized and they're save. He said, "But if the body is correctly wired up and the father in heaven turns on that big master switch, something is going to rise up. Something is going to happen." That's if the body is po properly wired. And if you're properly taught and every five of your body's been lost in Christ and in his word, it's going to be a light show. Oh, but if you got theology or you got doctrines or you got some superstition or some unbelief, you got something that's stopped up somewhere, then the energy can never pull through it. It can never move through it. There's a break along the lines. But when you got a place where you're perfectly wired and the master electrician is okay by the ceiling of the Holy Spirit, the only thing is to turn on the switch. Oh my. How many remembers when their switch was turned on? When God by his tender mercy came down in your life and he really he saw that there were some wires that were t in the wrong spots and you were constantly flipping breakers. You'd try and it would just kick off and you'd give up and and then next thing you know you try to you get it back and you go again and try and what was wrong? There was something wired wrong. We were born in sin and iniquity shaped in iniquity. We were wired wrong from the beginning but God rich in mercy came down with his great hands of Jehovah. And he reached down into our hearts and he said, "Nope, this one belongs here and that one belongs there and that one belongs there. Now, angels, hit the switch. This one's ready to go. And the light switch was turned on. And the Holy Spirit could run down and energize that body. And it wasn't no longer a certain person living a Timothy Brut doing this or Timothy Brut doing that or whoever you may be this morning. But it was God rich in mercy orchestrating through your life and living out through the body. He says, "Listen to this." And this will this will really put us in our spots now. He says, "We are the light of the world, a city set on the hill that cannot be hid." And tonight, today, we ought to be ashamed of ourselves and honestly and humbly confess our unbelief before God and ask him to forgive us of how we represent him in this life. He is depending on us. Now listen to this. The Old Testament people did not have this blessing. You refer back sometimes to Elijah and to Moses and and the pe the great men of God and people of God ordained of God but yet not have the privilege that you have. They don't have this same privilege. They did not have the power given them to perform as you've got today. Hello. Yeah, we love to brag about Shamgar and this one and that one. All these great men, three Hebrew children, Daniel, but they stood there without the same power afforded to you. That's that's that's humbling because they stand there with such faith that we revere them as heroes today. We look back and we tell their stories and we tell about how God did this through them and God did that but yet they did not have the same afforded the same power to perform as you have to per have today. Amen. So, what would be our excuse? Huh? What about us when we want to give up? When it gets a little hard and things don't go quite our way and we get it, we get in the wsy wowsy woos. We get in the wsy wowy woos as it were. Well, I tell you what, I he just know you ain't going through what I'm going through. You ain't been here where I'm at, Brother Timothy. Nope. But you ain't been where I've been. Well, you don't you you don't go through things like our family goes through. Well, you don't go through things like our family goes through. We're none of us are exempt from going through things. I can promise you I don't always feel like getting up here and preaching. I don't always feel like getting up here and leading a singing, much less preaching. Don't always feel like going to church. Don't always feel like getting out of bed. But we've been afforded something greater than what they had. Yet they stood with great power and authority and said, "Oh, king, do what you want to. build it up how you ever we're not going to bow. I'm not going to bow to your pressure. I'm not going to bow to your nonsense. I'm not going to bow to that idol. Do what you want to. And even down through the dark ages. And listen, the power of the Holy Ghost was not restored into the fullness until today. That's right. Come on. Back like it was at the beginning today. So those down through the dark age, yes they were under anointing, but they stood there without the seal of the Holy Ghost on the inside. Sure they had a working of his spirit. They had sanctification, justification, whatever the gifts. They stood there. But we have been afforded the power of God. What ought to be in our hearts? How are we to stand against the ws of the devil? Amen. How are we be able to stand against lukewarmness and spirits of hell that wants to blow through and things that wants to take the power of God out of our lives? How much more should we be able to stand? If Satan's body can operate in unbelief and doubt and fears and produce what the scripture says it will, it produces sickness. It produces disasters. It produces everything. Unbelief, all these things. and people by unbelieving produce all of those things. Shouldn't people believing with the power of God harness these things and bring them back? What's he talking about? The word that's been left undone. Hello. Brother Brandon was not a reformer. He was a restorer. Right? He came to restore the power to the church. He came to put all the wires back together in the right spots. One day they was hooked to three gods or they was hooked to whatever all kind of theologies and ideas. They was hooked to days of miracles are passed. They was hooked to every kind of thing. He said, "Nope, that wire does not belong there. Let me put it back where it belongs." He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said, "No, that wire don't belong there. Let me put it back where it belongs." He's a Lord God that heals all our diseases. That wire don't belong there. If salvation was in the atonement, healing is also in the atonement. He put it all back to restore the body to the right position and the right place by house. Not just ideas or theology or just the word, but power and demonstration of the word. You can scream I got power all you want to and you go hit the light switch and it don't do nothing. I doubt if you really got power or there's something wrong somewhere. And I can tell you right now, if we're talking about the same word, you can say, "I got power." Or you want to, and hold on to it, and there not be some reaction inside of you. I doubt you got power. I've been I' I've touched it. I know it don't feel good. By God's grace, I live through it. Boomed up inside up in some three-phase one day and a switch not paying attention cut making some shortcuts. Should have been doing my safety pre protocols but I was trying in a hurry and a top of a switch hit me right there in the chest. 14,400 volts. Thankfully I was surrounded by the right equipment and I I wasn't grounded out and I just but let me tell you I knew there was power there. All kind of stuff happened in my body. Let me back up. because there was something that caused a reaction. There's something that happened. That's what electricity is. It's a power. It's an unseen force. And you say you got it and and you don't have there's no reaction. Well, yeah. I also doubt people that that say they got the power of the Holy Ghost and there's no reaction to it. There's nothing to even show or shine out or to to a fruit that's bore anything in their life. And you wonder, you got the power. You don't have the same one that Paul had. You don't have even the same one that same one that William Brandham had, which is the same one that Paul had. He said, "If not, we ought to be able to harness power God harness these things and bring them back to correction." He said, "Not what did Christ redeem us for? Why didn't he just make the atonement and say, "Now, there's no need of giving him these powers. There's no need of making this man a son of God. There's no need of doing that. I'll just ask him to believe and I'll write his name in the book of heaven and that'll settle it." But he gave us these redeemed blessings that we might operate the work of God by the energy of the Holy Spirit. He said, "I am the vine and ye are the branches." Do you know the vine can't bear forth fruit? It comes forth from the branch, but the same life that's in the vine must also be in the branch. if the branch is given forth a different fruit and it's a grafted in and it maybe you know as we know we heard we studied many times talked about it about the orange and the lemons that can be grafted into each other. Amen. But if that original tree ever puts out another limb, it's going to bear the life that's in that tree. Amen. If if this vine ever puts out another branch, it's going to bear the same life that was in the vine. Amen. So if you want to know the life that ought to be in this branch, you go look and study the life of Jesus Christ. He's the vine. We are the branches. So if he raised the dead, we ought to be able to raise the dead. If he healed the sick, we ought to be able to heal the sick. Not by our power, but by his power and his word. operating by the energy of the Holy Spirit. He says, "Now the vine with all the energy cannot produce anything unless the branch is willing to receive the energy." So I mean that tells me the Holy Ghost can flow through this building and there'll be branches sitting here unwilling to receive. They won't receive a thing because they got some blockage, some hurt, some pain that they have elevated above the word of God. Come on. This is what happens. Amen. When you can sit through a service and not receive something, there's a blockage. Can we agree with that? There's a blockage. It can be unbelief. It can be bitterness. It can be hurts. It can be all kinds of nonsense. There's a blockage there keeping you from receiving the energy that's coming in this room. You say, "Well, how do you know there's energy coming in this room?" Because his word said there is. His word said, "Where two or three are how many?" We got two or three here this morning. Where two or three are gathered in my name. Aren't you glad he didn't say two or three thousand or two or 300. He said two or three are gathered in my name. Not in the name of Tim Puit or Timothy Puit or not in your name. Not in Elen Light Tabernacles name, but in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I will be there also. So, there's an energy coming in this room. And if you're not receiving something, it's because you have a blockage. Now, he listen. He says, "God is depending on you as a member of his body to bear fruits of the vine or of his spirit." And now he's depending on you. Let's open up our channels. Let's let the Holy Spirit come in today and energize us and free us from all the fears and doubts. Then revival will come. Somebody said, Somebody said, "The power was only given to the apostles for these things." He said, "I'm not a historian, but I have read much history of the church history." He said, "I've never seen a time in all history of the world where there was ever there was a waves of the Holy Ghost that ever struck the church in a fiery revival, but what signs and wonders and miracles followed it. God healed the sick in every age, and he will continue to do it in every age." Hello, somebody. So, this might not be the time that the prophet of God is here, but did he do it in his time? What is an age? It's a time. Amen. and he did it in his time, but he's going to do it in every time, in every age, in every moment. Because if he don't, he's not the same yesterday, today, and forever. But he'll only do it, now here's the key. He said, "God healed the sick in every age and will continue to do it in every age where people and churches are willing to let loose. Uh oh. Now we see who the blockage is. Where people are willing to let loose and let the Holy Spirit take control of their being. Hey, when doubts and fears are what's holding you, you're allowing it to take control of your being. Bitterness takes unforgiveness, whatever it is, you're allowing it to take control of your being. It was all through history. You can look at Martin Luther. He had miracles. John Wesley had miracles. Moody, Sanki, Finny, all those men, waves of the Holy Spirit moving across this church, signs and wonders, things were taking place, the Holy Spirit moving. So many people being healed, testifying. He said, "And they weren't even being taught divine healing. He said, "But the Holy Spirit will do itself." The Holy Spirit will do it itself. If he can ever get right away in you, it will produce what it's to produce. See, God don't change. He's still the same. He uses avenues. He He uses a choice. He uses a place, a a channel. But we got to open it up. And that's what we got to do. We we we can't what what good does it do to get out of bed, drive to church, walk into church, pick out a pew, go through the motions, sing songs, and we never open up our channel to receive. What good does it do? We never open up the channel. He said, "What you got to do? You got to dig out all the clogs." The channel is here, but they have to be opened up. And they were all opened up at Calvary. He opened up every channel. And they'll be open today if we'll get the stuff out of the way. All of our unbelief and believe that God is still God. How many can believe that this morning? Amen. We started out this morning. God is still God and he'll be God forever. Come on, somebody. If you can just get that little thought in your mind right now. I wish we could all just get that right now. Forget about tomorrow. Forget about what's going on across the world and you can't do nothing about it anyhow. Forget about all of it. Just get this in your mind. God is God. Listen, if we can just pump that into our beings right now and realize he's still God, no matter if I'm up, whether I'm down, whether I'm going through a trial, whether I'm in the middle of sickness, whether I'm in torment, doesn't matter. He's still God. And if he's still God, he's still in control. And he can move the mountains for my sake. He can open up the Red Sea. He can rain down food out of heaven. He can give me water in the desert. He can do whatever he wants to do cuz he's still God. [Applause] When he came down, he immorate himself and a man called Jesus. And he would speak these words, "Yet a little while, and the world won't see me no more. I'll be veiled to them, but you're going to see me." Oh my God. I'm so thankful to be a person that can see him today. Why? Why? Why can't people just anybody see him? Because they're blind, wretched, naked. They got cankers over their eyes. As we heard the other day, the smoke of Sodom, smoke of hell burning in their eyes. Why? Why? Why can people God? You just see stuff sometimes you hope that ain't even real. People stand in the streets, little young people, pink hair, purple hair, and they're looking at authority and meowing at them like cats. Whoopdedoo. But they're insane. Insanity like never before, meowing like cats, barking like dogs. Why? Because, as we heard, the smoke that has infiltrated this world and it's blinding and it's got into their eyes. How many's ever sat around a fire pit? That's just a little tiny bit of smoke that can get you sometimes. They always say it follows the most beautiful person or I don't believe that. But anyway, it gets in your eyes. What does it do? It starts burning. Your eyes start watering. You start they start closing up and you start rubbing them. And it ain't just a little fire pit we're talking about. We're talking about the smoke from a bottomless pit. Yeah. Unimaginable amount of smoke that's been poured into this world and has blinded their eyes to the place that they they can't even tell if they're a man or a woman no more. They can't even tell, Amen, if it's right or wrong to kill a person, a baby. They can't even tell if if humans are worth more than animals. Hello. And it comes right in sometimes in our own thinking. Maybe not, Lord willing, to that degree, but it gets there. That's right. Cuz it's a smoke coming up and this is what has happened. It's come in and it's it's veiled God from their eyes. They'll look at God and they'll call it a a terrible name just like it did there. They call him Beelzebub. They they call him an illegitimate child. They call him everything but God. Deny his very existence. What blows my mind is those same people deny the existence of God but portray the existence of Satan. They'll talk about their devils and well, who you think even created it. The devil ain't a creator, but they've been veiled from God. But you'll see me. Oh, God. Why? Cuz he's got some eyes out. You'll see me. Amen. Because I'm going to put a little word across them eyes. And I'm going to wipe out that smoke and all that nonsense so you can see me. What a what a privilege we have this morning that we're not coming here seeing a bunch of nonsense of the world. We're seeing God unveiled among us. He's changed from Luther to Wesley and on and on from glory to glory. I'm still the same God. Going back to the original glory. Hallelujah. And he broke every denominational veil. Every sound bearer, that sound that says, "Oh, that's fanaticism." He broke right through it. That sound that come out there and said, "Oh, them people are crazy." He broke right through it. Oh, you can't do it. There's no such a thing. Bunch of fanatics. He broke right through it. No such a thing as divine healing. He broke right through it. For his word said he was. You cannot conquer the word of God. And there he stands yet tonight, the mighty conqueror. He broke every Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, any other kind of veil. And he stands among us people today unconquered by traditions. Let people say what they want to say, do what they want to do, anything. God will break through every barrier. Oh, hallelujah. And remember, they tell me, he said, when a plane really breaks that sound barrier, there's no limit to where it can go. I'm telling you, when you break that traditional barrier, when you break that bitterness barrier, when you break through that barrier that's been holding you back for months and years now, whatever, you break through it and you find your way back to Jesus and you find he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. There's no limit to what God can do for you in that moment. Oh, hallelujah. We're talking about a God who has no limits. They want to brag about our nation has got a 20 foot long 30,000 lb bomb that'll go down 3,000 ft and it'll blow up uh the depths of the earth. Well, I'm telling you, there's a power that this God has that'll go down to the deepest parts of hell to wherever people are bound and it'll blow up hell and it'll set this violence, the violence, the sickest. It'll set them all free. Why? Because there's power in the name of Jesus Christ. But it's got to break through the barriers. That what do you think happens in a meeting? In a meeting is service building on service building on ser it's breaking down barriers. Then all of a sudden on a certain night sometimes it'll be a Friday night sometime be a Saturday morning. sometime whatever all said, "Wow, we had an amazing service." Well, God was there the whole time. Hitting that barrier. Hitting that barrier. I'm going to tell you, church, we've been hitting barriers here lately. People people have come come with barriers in their heart and they come with things in their life and they sit down there and they just quench the spirit of God and they just push it down. Why? Why let the anxiety worry? Why let the fear Why let the worry? Why let the sadness rule you? That's what not that wasn't who you was born to be ruled by. But I'm telling you, we're going to break through the barriers. We're going to break through every barrier there is known to man because we're going to take a body change. Come on, somebody. You think a good service is just such a great service cuz we had healings and we had deliverances and I love every last one of them. Come on, somebody. I love every service that we have those moments and we have the power of God come through the revelation of his word and break out. Listen, it don't have to be at an altar. You can be in your seat. That's right. Come on. We don't We don't preach that it has to happen at an altar. I believe in altars. But it can happen as the word goes forth. It happened for our brother up there. As the words went forth, things fell off his life. What happened? Barriers were broke. He had tried to break them for years on his own and he couldn't do it. Well, there came a power one Sunday morning and it broke through the veil. Come on, somebody. There's a power here this morning that's going to break through veils. People that's been bound. People has been hindered. People that has longed for freedom. There is a power here this morning that's going to break through barriers. Hallelujah. I'm here to declare it's going to break through bitterness. It's going to break through sadness. It's going to break through anxiety. It's going to break through fears. It's going to break through hell. And people are going to come forward saying, "I'm free. I'm free." I tell you right now, in the name of Jesus, House of Hell, give way. There's a power in this building this morning that's going to set the violence center free. Hallelujah. Amen. It's willing to break through the barriers. I'm coming out of this thing. I'm coming out of this shell. I'm coming out of this nonsense. I'm breaking out this morning. I'm breaking out of my pride. I'm breaking out of my arrogance. I'm breaking out of all of it. Woo! And what are you doing? You're leaving anxiety behind. You're leaving fear behind. You're leaving sickness behind. Hallelujah. Come on, let's just praise him for a moment. Break through the barrier. Break through the barrier. [Applause] Hallelujah. Some of you been handed. You had some shell over you. Listen, you've been given a power that was given to you at birth. Just like that little chicken was given that little thing to peck at that shell. You've been given the same thing this morning. It's up to you to clear the channels. Say, "God, I'm coming out this morning. I'm coming out this morning. I'm breaking out this morning. I'm done of going back into my shell. I'm done of going back into my situation. I'm going on with Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're at a moment right now. We're going to break past these things. Amen. This spirit that wants to put limits on this church, we're going to break past it. Amen. You want to put speed limits on our services and say you can only go so far. You can only go so fast. I'm here to tell you I'm not going by your limits cuz I serve an unlimited God. This service is going to go how he wants it to go. This place is going to go like he wants it to go. Hallelujah. We're casting down imagination. We're casting everything that exalted itself above the word of God right now. Cast down your pride. Cast down your worry. You've carried that thing like an idol from service to service and you walked in one Wednesday night with that idol and you went back home with that idol. But I ask you this morning, who believes in the power of the Holy Ghost? Who believes in the name of Jesus Christ is higher than all names? Then I tell you, in the name of Jesus, cast down that idol. You worshiped it long enough. You worshiped your sorrow long enough. Worship God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on, musician. I He's done took over. Let's just lift our hands and worship unto God right now. Why don't you just open your mouth? You begin to praise God. Hallelujah. You begin to praise God. You begin to glorify God. You begin to magnify. I got so many things. But we're just going to stop right here. Amen. Cuz I know God's in the building. That's what I've been waiting on. He's in the building right now. If you'll just get that last clog out of the way, he'll pour down in your life like never before. Amen. He'll open up things to you like never before. You think you've been somewhere now. You wait till you open up that last clock and you let the power of the Holy Ghost come into your heart. It'll break out of your body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Random tells about a scientist who told him, I got on my notes, but I just preach it. He tells him about a scientist who told him about a dying Christian woman laying in a hospital. He said, "But there was enough power in her body as she was taking her last breath, she began to call out upon God, and they hooked up a meter to her to see what would happen." And he said it be to speak out that meter so far. The power that was laying in those words. He said there was light that was coming and it was they energizing that meter and it was peeking it out. He said we hooked it to infidels. He said it would not just peek it out. It wouldn't go up. It would go down as they would die. He said, "But that Christian woman," he said, "that body would pray and that meter would go up. It would pray and it would go up. It would pray and he said, "You don't understand what power lays inside the body of Christ." How many is part of that body right now? Well, there's power in the words that you speak if you speak the word of God. Now, I'm not going to hook you up to some meter, but I'm going to hook you to your brother and sister next to you. Amen. Let's begin to pray and let's begin to call upon God. And let's pray for husband and wife, brothers and sisters. Amen. The power of God may be revealed in their life. Amen. Right now, I curse every sickness. I curse every disease. I curse every spirit in the name of Jesus Christ. I curse the power of Satan that wants to hold God's people. You've held us by speed limits. You've held us by barriers, but today we're coming out in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, take your hands off of God's property. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I'm just going to repeat you the words of the prophet, and I want you to repeat it like the congregation did right there. I want you to say this. Say this behind me. Almighty God, Almighty God, creator of heavens and earth, author of everlasting life, giver of every good gift, be merciful to me. God, forgive me my unbelief. I believe the gospel. I believe that you are here and I believe you are now performing. You're performing your word in my body. And I open up the channels. I empty out my unbelief. I receive your spirit. I believe that you are in me and I believe my sickness will vanish. How can death and life exist in my body when you are here? I believe you. I accept you as my healer and my deliverer. Glory to God. How many can accept him this morning? That's my healer you're talking about. That's my deliverer you're talking about. That's my Savior. That's my God. That's my King. That's my Lord. That's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the same one Abraham saw. Same one he saw is the same one that's standing at your seat right now. Will you make him a cash sandwich? Will you make him welcome? Is there anything too hard for the Lord? [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Death could not hold you down. Hallelujah. You are the risen king seated in mesty. You are the ris king. Oh hallelujah. Oh highle. Oh, you have won the victory, Lord. You have won the victory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. You have won it all for me. Death enough. You are the risen king. You are the king seated in mesty. You are the ris king. Come on give him praise. I'll sing hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. You have won. You have won the victory. Single. Hallelujah. You have won it all. Death could not hold you down. You are the ris king seated in mesty. You are the ris king. You been [Music] Sing the song forever to the lamb. Sing it song. And your people sing holy to the king of kings. Holy Glory, holy, holy forever. Let your people [Applause] the king of holy you will always be holy. Holy forever. A thousand generations to sing the song of angels to the land. And all who come before us and all who will believe will sing the song of aes to land. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. your name stand above all [Music] and the angels all power and position your name stands above them all and the angels cry holy all creation cry Holy you are lifted high. Glory, holy forever. Hear your people sing. Holy to the king of kings. Holy, you will always be, holy, holy forever. And if you've been forgiven, and if you've been redeemed, sing the song forever to the land. [Applause] And if you walk in freedom and if you bear his name, sing the song forever. We'll sing a song forever. Amen. Your people sing. Holy to the king of kings, holy. You will always be holy, holy forever. [Music] Let the angels cry. Holy all creation cry. Holy Lord and high. Holy, holy forever. [Music] Let your people sing to the King of Kings. Holy. You will always be, holy, holy forever. Hear your people sing. Hear your people sing. You are holy to the king of kings, holy. You will always be holy, [Music] holy forever. Your people sing. Your people sing. Holy, [Music] holy, you will always be holy, holy forever in the name of Jesus. She's [Music] no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. [Music] You unravel me with the mey. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my eneies till all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. From my womb, you have chosen me. Your love has fallen on my name. I've been born again to your family. Oh, you're close to my name. I'm no longer a slave to be. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You resueed me so I could stand and say I am a child of God. You split the sea so I could walk right through. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I could stand and say I am a child of God. I am no longer a slave. I've been set free. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I belong to me. [Applause] I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to be. I am a child. [Music] I throw up my hands. Raise you again. All that I have is a highle to I know it's time. I'm nothing else before me except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] I've got one. I count just for you. With my arms wide, [Applause] I will worship. Lord, I throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. All that I have is nothing. Hallelujah. And I know it's not nothing else before except for a heart single. Hallelujah. Oh my go praise you again and again. All that I have is hallelujah. And I know it's not I'm nothing else for a king for a heart single hallelujah. All my words for the Lord. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my [Music] I could sing these songs as I often do. every song. But you never know. I throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know it's not our set for a hearty. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] So come on my soul, don't you get shy, lift up your song. You got a lion inside of those. Get up and praise the Lord. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up on. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. [Music] Come on my soul. Don't you dare shine on me. Lift up your song. You got to lie inside of those. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I know it's not much, nothing else fit for a king except for a heart single. [Music] [Music] [Music] I hear the call and I know his spirit is through. my own [Music] and I Lord come and take control. I feel I can hear and he's blind and pray. [Music] He is calling me to give a higher fra to like a great pulling me. I know for sure that I'll reach my goal or I feel the Lord. I feel the call. I hear the call. And I know his spirit is moving [Music] to give my all. He speaks to me and I [Music] Lord please come and take control. I feel at night I laid bed and I be to cry. am who fails to know exactly why [Music] I can't explain with your head the spirit growing deep within it must be here in my soul cuz I feel the I feel the Oh, I hear the call and I know his spirit. Spirit moving me to give my all. He speaks to me, Lord. And I [Music] Lord, please come and take me home. I feel the soul. [Music] He lives. I can face tomorrow because he is all fear is gone. And because I know yes I know he holds my future [Music] living just because he lives. Because he lives, I can f because he lives all fear is And I don't know. He holds my children. And life is worth the living because he liv. [Music] I give myself away. I give myself away and you I give myself away. Give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord my life is in your hands. Oh, I'm longing to see all desires me indeed. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Give myself away. I give myself away. So you can use me, Lord. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacrifice all my dreams and all my plans. Lord, I pray [Music] give myself away. So you can use me. Give myself away. to give myself away so you can use me. Oh, my life is not my own where I belong. All my life was not my own. where I belong. Thinking again my life is not my own to you I belong [Music] myself. I give myself. My life is not my own. Not my own. I belong. Oh, sing it one more time. My life. My life is not my belong myself. give myself away. Oh, I give myself away. Give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. give myself away. [Music] Just lift your hands to him just now. Father, as we depart from this sanctuary today, this song is our confession. We invite you, Lord, to take full control and leadership of each vessel that's surrendered today to you. May we see things the way that you see them. May we react the way that you would react. May you have complete control. It's a willing surrender [Music] out of a love to do the will of the father. Not our will but thine be done. Thank you for the opportunity to be in the house of the Lord today gathered with saints of like precious faith to hear the word of freedom not of bondage. A day of liberty has been set before us. We'll walk into it in Jesus name. You're dismissed today. Give my life away. Give myself away so you can use me. Oh, my life is not my own. To you I belong.
