################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - The Proving Grounds - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 18, 2025 - Aaron Oglesby - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   The Proving Grounds - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 18, 2025
Speaker: Aaron Oglesby
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oq47CWoesbQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Wow. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's stand together. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory today. It is mine. I told Satan, leave the behind. Victory today is mine. Oh yes. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. It is mine. I told Satan, "Get thee behind the victory today. It is mine." Oh, when I woke this morning, I didn't have a doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. [Music] got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." I got a singing and shouting of victory. Oh, victory. [Music] Oh yeah. Victory today. It is mine. [Music] Holy Ghost is mine. Holy Ghost is mine. Holy Ghost today. Oh, it is mine. [Music] ghost today. I am covered. Oh, I am covered. Covered. I'm covered by his blood. I'm walking by faith. I'm living in love. I am covered. Covered by his blood. Jesus has rescued me. Oh, I am covered. covered and I'm living in love. I am covered. Oh, I'm covered by his blood. His rest he Oh, I am covered. I'm covered by his blood. Walking by faith. Living in love I am covered, covered by his blood. Jesus has resurued me. Well, it's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost in fire and he's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus is keeping me alive and it's down in my heart. Oh yeah. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping it's all over me. It is all over me and he's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. He's all over me and he's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me. It's the Holy Ghost fire. It's the Holy Ghost and fire and it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. For my God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. And I have him in my heart. And he's all over me. Oh my God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. I feel him in my Oh, I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart. And he's all Oh, one more time. My God's not dead. My God's not dead. He's alive. God's not dead. Oh, he's alive. God's not dead. He's alive. I feel him in my feet. I have him in my heart and he's all over me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many can say that tonight? Bless the name of the Lord. Amen. Our God's not dead. We serve a living God. Amen. A living God with living signs and living wonders. the same yesterday, today, and forever. What a God we serve. Amen. Amen. We um want to remember Sister Vicky Thomas this evening. She's kind of set off an old back injury. Needs prayer. Also want to remember brother Joe Adams dad feeling pretty bad and his feet and legs are swollen. Also want to continue to remember brother Daryl Baxter as he recovers from foot surgery. Amen. remember him as well. The Lord just continue to touch him and help the swelling and issues that he's had just to go away because we know our God's a healer. Amen. Amen. How many would have a need just want to make it known to the Lord? Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we just come to you today, Lord, thanking you that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And thereby by the word of God we can have confidence to ask Lord needs that we have in our bodies and situations we have in our life you to come and intervene and you to touch and you to move Lord and we just ask Lord that you would move on the scene for these needs here today or our sister Vicki the back issue brother Joe Adams dad brother Alvin brother Daryl as he recovers from foot surgery Lord may you be the healer tonight father may you just go by their place where they're at Lord the house or wherever they may be Lord and just reach down and touch them Lord and make them completely whole. God we just commit these needs to your hand. Every hand that was lifted all over this building Lord we know represents many different needs. And God we know Lord that you're able to meet each and every one according your riches and glory. Father may you meet each one I pray in a supernatural way. Blessed brother Aaron tonight as he ministers the word. Father may you just use him Lord like never before. We ask it for your glory and honor in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. E flat if you would. E flat. Amen. Ask the brothers if they would to take up the offering. Amen. Tonight, if you would just turn around, greet your neighbor. Amen. If you need to move out of your seat and greet somebody else, feel free to do so. Amen. Just here to have a wonderful time with the Lord. Well, it's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there, but the pure and heart. It's the highway to heaven. I'm walking up the peace highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there. But the pure heart, it's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. Oh, my way gets brighter, my lo gets lighter, walking up the king's highway. And there's joy in knowing with him I am going. Walking up the king highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there. But the pure and heart it's the highway. [Music] I'm walking up the king way. Oh, you don't have to worry. Don't have to hurry. Walking up the king's high way. For Christ walks beside me. his love to guide me. Walking up the king highway. Oh, it's the highway to heaven. Well, the pure heart of the highway. I'm walking up the king's highway. And if you're not walking, start while I'm talking. Walking up the king's high way. [Music] [Applause] There'll be a blessing. Oh yes. Walking up the king's highway. Oh, it's the highway to heaven. None can walk up there but the pure heart. It's a highway to heaven. [Music] I'm walking up the keys. Oh, it's a highway. It's the highway to heaven. But the pure heart, it's the highway to heaven. I'm walking up the king's highway. Amen. We'll let you be seated. Ask sister Caroline to come this evening with her special. Amen. Right after she's through, brother Tim, if you'll sing for us. [Music] [Music] Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. Come Jesus. Let be the day. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break. But I'm holding on to a hope that will fade. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long [Music] for the day you returned. to heal every word and write every wrong. We need you right now. Then come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world is in. Come Jesus come. [Music] Come Jesus come. [Music] There'll be no war. And there'll be no change when Jesus comes. Let today be the day for the weak [Music] and the strong just the same. [Music] And all will believe in the power of his name. Oh, come Jesus. Oh, we've been waiting so long. Lord, for the day you return to heal every hurt, and guide every ro. [Music] We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Oh, deep down I know this world is in. Come Jesus, come. [Music] Come Jesus, come. One day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. [Music] Come and lay all down [Music] cuz it might be today. The time is right now. [Music] Oh, there's no need to wait. Path will be washed [Music] by rivers of grace. Oh, come Jesus come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt to ride every road. We need you right now. to come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't. Come Jesus come. [Music] Come Jesus come. [Music] Lord Jesus come. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many's got that hard cry tonight? Just come Jesus. Come. Come and turn it all around. Hallelujah. Let's stand together. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. Why don't you just lift your hands to him for a moment and just I just feel his presence. Just worship him for a moment. Just Lord, come in this service. Father, come in our midst, Lord, right now. Lord, as the word's about to come forth, come and speak, Lord. Come and touch. Come and minister. Come and move. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And here I am again. [Music] Oh, just to worship you, to lift my voice in praise. Oh, in spirit and in truth. Oh, [Music] yesterday. Hallelujah. Forever I am. I will praise your holy name. And here I am again. [Music] Oh yes Lord. Oh just to worship you. Oh here I am. Oh and here I am again. Again. Here I am Lord. I just want to praise you [Music] glory. Oh yes. Oh to lift my voice in praise [Music] and truth. Oh yesterday. Oh yesterday, today, oh forever Lord, oh forever I will praise your holy name. Oh here I am again. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh just to worship you. Oh, here I am, Lord, and here I am again. I want to give you all the praise just to worship you. [Music] Holy praise spirit in truth. Yesterday, today forever I will will praise you. [Music] Amen. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. Is that why you've come this evening? Amen. He certainly deserves all the worship, all the praise, all the glory and honor that we could ever give him. I just like to say this. He deserves it here tonight. But he deserves it a lot more than just when we gather here. He deserves a life that praises him each and every single day. It don't mean a whole lot if you praise him here, but tomorrow your life don't praise him. I want my life to praise him every day. Lord, every place I fall short, cover it in your blood. Just Lord, let me be more dedicated. Let me be more consecrated. Let my life testify of a living God in this name. Amen. Can we pray together tonight? Father, how grateful we are, Lord. Lord, for your presence, for this atmosphere that's been created, Lord. Lord, we feel you here even now moving, Lord. Lord, even when we don't feel you, I'm so grateful that your word declares that you're here, Lord. And that's where our trust is. And Lord, I'm just trusting tonight, Lord, that you'll speak, Lord. That Lord, that your your word will be elevated, Father, to its rightful place. Because truly, Lord, that that is, Lord God, our our our absolute is your word tonight. Lord, I'm just asking you'll come and move me out of the way and I just allow you to speak tonight to your people, Father. Lord, I pray that your people will be encouraged and lifted up, Lord, for the battles and the trials that lie ahead. Because truly, Lord, we know, Lord, that as we near the very end of time, it's not going to get easier, Father. But the devil's going to do more and more. But I'm thankful tonight. And I have a promise, Lord, that when he comes in like a flood, you're raising up a standard against him. Father, we look to that standard tonight, Lord. We just ask you to have your way in this service now. Anoint the reading of the word, Lord. Anoint me, anoint the ears of the listener, and have your way. I pray, Father, in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. Ain't it good to be in the house of God tonight? Amen. And if if you have your Bibles with you and you'd turn with me tonight to the book of Romans, the eth chapter. The book of Romans, the eth chapter. I'd like to speak to you tonight for a moment on on the thought of the proving grounds. The proving grounds. Amen. Romans 8:17. We'll read two verses here and then we'll also look in first Peter 1 and3. says in verse 17 it says, "And if children then hes of God and joints with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him that we may also may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us." Also in first Peter 1 and verse three, we'll read down through verse seven. It says, ' Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, which according to his abundant abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead, to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled, and that fadeth not away, reserved in heaven for you, who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation, ready to be revealed in the last time, wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season. Now, notice the way the way these two scriptures go. Uh where it says, "Wherein greatly rejoice," it's referring back to verse 5. Okay? You're kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation, ready to be revealed in the last time, wherein you greatly rejoice. But then it says, "Though now for a season, if need be, you are in heaviness through manifold temptation, that the trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found under praise and honor and glory at the peering of Jesus Christ." Amen. I pray that the Lord will add his blessings now as we take our seats this evening. Amen. Ain't it good to be a Christian? It sure is. You know, we look around, if you're paying attention at all, the the world is on the verge of World War II and there's missiles falling from the skies all over the world. And, you know, you may say, "Well, there's always been wars and there's always been these things, but it kind of matters who it is in the war." Okay? Uh, it's kind of a I feel like I lost sound. Let's not do that. Um I I feel like that, you know, that we're on the precipice of things that we need to be making our calling and election sure. You know, as brother Tim dealt with it on on Sunday, you know, it is the combines are coming and and and I believe with all my heart, I I'll never stand up here and believe that any of us are tears or any of us are anything but weed. I just want to encourage us even tonight as we look into this knowing where we stand. Check up. Just check up. I mean, all of us should do that. That's not to anybody else. I I in my heart check up. You know, is is there anything? And and as we look into the word tonight, I want to start with this quote where brother Brandham says, "The cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval." He says, "His approval of us," and he also says, "Neither are bright skies and still waters signs of his love and approval. His approval of any of us is only in the beloved. His love is elective which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Does he love us? Ah yes. But how shall we know? We shall know because he said so and manifested that he did love us. For he brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit placing us as sons. And how shall I prove my love to him? So first of all, how do we know he loves us? He said so. That settles it. Well, now how do I prove my love? Is it through my works and all my efforts and everything that I No, no, no. He says by believing what he said. And here's the harder one. And by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allows to come to pass. believe what he said and conduct oursel with joy in the midst of the trials that he allows to come to pass. Now remember, I want say it again before we go on. We're speaking on the proving grounds tonight. And and I think it's important that we keep this in mind, this quote a as we go through the daily ups and downs of life. Because I don't care who you are here tonight, you have ups and you have downs. We have good days and we have bad days. Sometimes we may have good months and good years and bad months and bad years. That's just the reality of of life. But we're going to go through these things. But fortunately for us as Christians, we have an anchor. When when life is tossed to and fro, when ups and downs, when the bank ain't right, when the job ain't right, when family struggling, we have an anchor that holds no matter what. We're not tossed in to fro. You know, I think about it sometimes. You know, people in the world go through trials just like we go through trials. But the difference between us and them is not that we don't have trials. It's that we have an anchor that holds in the midst of that storm. Amen. So, so as Christians tonight, we we have an absolute that never changes regardless of the situation that we're in. Regardless of your circumstance tonight, he is still God. He is still God tonight for you. And and so my joy tonight should not be determined by how my day went. Our joy should not be determined even how how life is going for us in general. Oh, we don't judge our salvation or our standing with God based on the fact that things are going really good for me right now. God must be pleased with me. Think things are going really good or or God must be upset at me because things are falling apart all around me. That's no sign, Brother Brandham says, of God's disapproval. Well, well, how do I know tonight, Brother Aaron, that God loves me if it's not those things? We know because he said so. And not only did he say it, but he goes on to the next part. But then he manifested it to us. He manifested that love by coming and dying and giving his life for you and then sending back and filling you with that same Holy Spirit. Amen. And then he comes and he he fills you with the spirit and he places you as a son. Don't you love that? Because the the thing about that is it's because he said and it's because of election. So no situation, no circumstance, no storm of life can change the fact tonight that he loves you, that he died for you, that he sent his spirit back for you tonight. Nobody can take it away from you. The preacher don't like you, don't matter. God loves me. People in the church don't like me, don't matter. God loves me. You can't lose that tonight. No trial can change it. No devil can change it. It is by election tonight. God said it. He cannot unchoose you. He can't take his love back from you. You are a recipient tonight of the elective love of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Oh. So, how do we know? He said so. and he has proven over and over and over again that his word is true. Rest your soul tonight on what his word is. Look, I'm going to tell you, you can't rest it on a man. You can't rest it on me. I might tell you something with in great intentions. And then forget. You can't rest it on on any minister. You can't rest it on the government. I don't care who the president is, that better not be what you're resting on tonight. But the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords said, "I love you. I gave my life for you. I'm not going to leave you down there in Leodosia, but I'm coming back for you. You can rest on that tonight." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. His word is true. And it's true on your good days. His word is true on your bad days. It's true when you're well and it's true when you're sick because your trial does not change who he is. Hear that tonight. Your trial does not change who he is right now. Regardless of where you're at, he is still the almighty. He is still the unfailing. He is still the healer. He is still your savior. And no matter what, he is always faithful and true. But another thing about trials I want to point out tonight is your trials don't change who you are. We always talk about it don't change who God is but it also don't change who you are. It It's time for us to to slow down for a minute. It's time for us to stop allowing temporary earthly conditions to affect the way that we view ourselves or even the way that we view others. temporary earthly things. And and quit placing so much value on earthly blessings or even earthly hardships or earthly positions or earthly social groups and social circles and friend groups and all that other nonsense and then use those things to devalue yourself. Well, they're special. That's the special group. They have a position. They're important. Things really work out good for them. They They must have the favor of God. They're so blessed. Look at how much they go and how much they do and look at how much they look Look at the I guess I'm a nobody around here. I guess I'm not good enough. We're just forgotten. Look, we could go on and on and on and on. I'm just forgotten around here. See, see the real truth is you you don't have issue with others. You have an issue with where your self-worth comes from. My selfworth and the way I feel about myself will never revolve around an invite. It'll never revolve around who wants to hang out with me and who don't want to hang out with me. what position I have or don't have or if I've preached once in six months or hadn't and got invited here, didn't get invited, my selfworth is not tied to any of that. So, it doesn't affect me. Doesn't affect me in any way. But if those things do affect you, let me try to cheer you up a little bit tonight and turn your attention to where your self-worth should come from. You are a child of God Almighty. You have been bought with a price. You are special. You are powerful. You are important. You are a segene of God. I don't care who hangs out, who don't hang out, who calls, who don't call. You're a segene of God. You're an overcomer. You're taking a rapture. You're an heir to all things. That's all that matters. Let's get our focus away from these temporary earthly things. They don't determine who you are, what you are. We are called and we are chosen. And it's time we start acting like we are called and we are chosen. We are the sons of God. It's time we act like we're the sons of God. Not forsaken, not forgotten, but one that the King of Kings shed his life for. Send a message for in this last day. Tried. Sure. Tested, sure. Hardships, absolutely. but victorious. Overcomers of the age. Second Corinthians 4 tells us we are troubled on every side. We sure are. Every side as individuals, as a church family, as a country, it don't matter. You look around. We're troubled on every side. But don't stop right there. Yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair. Persecuted but not forsaken. Cast down but not destroyed. Why? Why? Because we have a word that says, "I'm not going to leave you or forsake you, but I'll be with you, even in you till the end." I'm telling you, we're near the end, but we ain't at it yet. So, he's still here. He's still with us. He's still protecting. He's still fighting. And when he does leave, we're going with him. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I love that he says that in the quote. How do we know that he loves us? He said so and he manifested it to us. In other words, he says it, then he proves it. God, and we're going to be a theme throughout this. God always proves his word. God always proves his word. And And what about us? How do we prove our love? Well, since we're elected and called and chosen, I guess we get off easy in a flowery bed of ease. No, you're going to have to prove your love by believing what he said. Even in the trial. All right. Even in the sickness, even when the child goes further away, even when the sickness gets worse, even when more friends turn their back, God on the mountain, God in the valley, believe what he says and having a good attitude about trials and tribulations he allows to come your way. In other words, he wants your attitude to reflect that the truth of Romans 8:18 that these troubles aren't worthy enough to be counted with the glory that's being revealed in us. In other words, even on my bad day, that glory is still being revealed in me. So, that should be elevated higher than the trial and the tribulation that I'm currently facing right here. And he wants us to reflect that we recognize that that's more important. That we have something to shout about, that we have something to rejoice about. I know we have bad days. Listen, I'm not living with my head in the sand. I have bad days, too. But what I'm saying is that does not change who we are and how we worship and how we recognize we're blessed people. On a worst day, we're blessed. On a bad day, we're blessed. We're called and chosen. We don't have nothing to mope around about. All right. He wants you to recognize that these are troubles that don't change that you are a son of God. So why you sad? Tribulations that don't change the fact that you have eternal life. So why you down about it? I said I love you. Isn't that enough to rejoice in tonight? I said I'm coming back for you and my word's been proven true. Isn't that enough to make you lift your head up on a down day? Amen. He says, "Just believe what I've said and trust." And that's how we will be proven as true when we stand in faith on the promised word. But because these are testing times, that's what we're at. We're in testing times. These are proving times and these are the proving grounds. And because of that, we're going to go through things constantly. We're going to face trouble constantly. You're going to be tried every single day. Psalms 160 or 66:10 says, "For thou, oh God, has proved us." Thou hast tried us as silver is tried continually before it receives a stamp of approval as being sterling. It gets tried. There can be no impurities there. recognize sometimes that the things we go through and the the storms of life, it's not always that it's the devil stirring things up. A lot of times it's the it's the sandpaper of the master sculptor working on that last little place on the stone that needs to be smoothed out. And I don't know, maybe you like sandpaper, sir. But that's an awful feeling, but he wants to get it right. Yeah. And I say, "Lord, I may not like it. It may upset me. It may make my belly bitter. But whatever has to happen, whatever has to happen for me to be ready on that day." I know he says, "All things work together for good." And we we look at situations and go, "How is that good? How is that working for my good?" It's because you're still looking at it earthly and thinking it's supposed to work out for your earthly good. He ain't concerned about the earthly good. It's working out for your eternal good. Everything that you go through is making sure you end up there. That's what it's working towards. That's what it's all about. Hallelujah. He'll try you to make sure that you come out as pure gold. Hallelujah. We are in the proving grounds. But here's the thing. We found out with Job. He ain't scared for you to be tested. He's not afraid of that. He He wasn't scared that Job would fall. He knew the outcome of the trial before it ever came down in Job's life. He knew that Job had a sacrifice. Oh, hallelujah. He knew that Job was coming the way of the blood and that it would hold in the hour of temptation because that's what the blood does. And he knows tonight, look, you're not even working with a representation or a substitute. You're not under the blood of a woolly lamb or a bull or a goat, but you're under the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, the sinless sacrifice that was accepted. The blood will hold in your temptation. The blood will hold in your trial. The blood will hold when the world's fallen apart. Let Jericho's walls crumble, but there was a scarlet thread hanging out the window that declared, "You're coming out and your family's coming out. You're going to be saved. Let the world crumble. We got a scarlet thread tonight. The blood of Jesus holds us in the hour of temptation. That's what the blood does. Hallelujah. He isn't afraid for his bride to be tested. Because he knows she is word. He knows that she is spiritfilled. And he knew the outcome of this proving before we ever went into the trial. Amen. He already knew earth where we're at is the proving ground. Brother Brown says this. He says, "Every son that cometh to God must first be chasened of God and tried, child trained. There's no exceptions. Every son that cometh and these afflictions are done are brought about to see what attitude you'll take." See, it's God on this proving ground. That's all earth is. He says, is the proving grounds where he's trying to prove you his all earth is is the proving grounds where he's trying to prove you. What is a proving ground? It says it's an environment that serves to demonstrate whether something really works, whether a promise is really true. And ever since the fall, we know when sin entered into the picture that there were there was a promise that was given. A promise of a cure, a a promise of redemption, a promise seed that would overcome and a life that would overcome the curse. And down through the Old Testament, there were glimpses of it. We would see great victories won by God's children. We we would see Job stand so strong and so sure. We we would see the Hebrew children in the fiery furnace and Abraham stand in faith. We would see characteristics of the promise as the seed move down through the ages, but also we we we would witness the characteristics of sin nature and they would rise up in lives as the curse would rear its head up time after time. So, so you would have a man like David who is a man after God's own heart. A man who would win mighty victories and even used as a type of Christ and and he would say, "Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee." And then yet he would fall to temptation with Basheba and then have her husband killed. So you could see characteristics of the promise as it moved down through these lives, but you would still see the characteristics of the fall, characteristics of sin. There were glimpses of the promise, hope of the promise, and even manifestations of the promise in portions, but the full inoculation had not yet come because there was still rule of the flesh, and there was there was still beast nature that was controlling. But Satan knew. Satan knew that the promised seed was coming because don't forget he was standing there when it was promised. All right? He heard it when it was said. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed. It shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel. So he knows that there's a seed coming and he's constantly trying to corner it. He's constantly trying to kill it and trying to wipe it out. So, so he slew Abel. So, he kills all the children there in Egypt and and and he destroys the prophets and then he kills all the children that there in in the days of Herod. He knew there was one coming and time after time when he would recognize characteristics, he would destroy it. All right? Or when he would see something that it could be or it could be an avenue that the promise would come, he would step in and he would destroy it. He would chase it and he would crush it and he would think, "I got it. I've stopped it." But thankfully, we can say tonight that promised seed could not be stopped. That promised word could not be stopped until one day it wasn't just a glimpse anymore. It wasn't just a characteristic anymore. It wasn't just a portion anymore. But Jesus Christ stepped forth in flesh. And he was all of those characteristics, all of those portions, all of the word, everything that the promise said it would be, all wrapped up in one human body. He was the promised Messiah. He was the promised word. And now he stood upon the earth. And a declaration is is made of who he is there at the river Jordan. This is my beloved son. And the spirit comes down to dwell in him. And then it begins a time of proving. It begins a proving time. And would this be the one that could live above the curse? Is this the one to bring redemption and restoration? Is this truly the promised seed? Because see, there's always a proving time to see if the seed is genuine. There's always a proving time. And and God never shies away from approving. He went into the wilderness and it held. He faced ridicule and it held. He went to Gethsemane and it held. He was spit on and it held. They pulled his beard out and it held. Listen, he could have turned away at any point. He could have called thousands of angels at any point. But he knew in order for you to stand the test. In order for you to make it, in order for it to hold down through the ages, it had to hold in this moment. It had to hold in his hour of temptation. It had to hold in his torment. Oh, he was beat and it held. He went to Calvary and it held with every sin of the world on his shoulders. Oh, listen. I want to tell you that's the same life that's on the inside of you tonight. In your trials, it's going to hold. When others walk away, it's going to hold. It's the same life that he sent back to you. Hallelujah. That life faced temptation and it won. It faced depression and it won. It faced suicide and it won. It faced being poor and outcast. It faced being deserted by friends. He faced it all and it held. He never wavered. But that life conquered it all. And that life is available to you tonight. Hallelujah. It faced it all and it held. Thank you, Jesus. That's the life we have on the inside of us tonight as we face the proving grounds. He was broken open so that we could be germatized. Prophet God says, "And Jesus had to be broken open there in order for that seed to let forth its life to water other seed that was coming." He says, "Oh, do you see it?" I think I'm speaking to a group of people tonight that see it, that recognize because of that. Because of who he was, because of what it did? Because he went to Calvary. Because he conquered death, hell, and the grave. Oh, don't stop at Calvary. We can't be here without Calvary. But what was Calvary? What was it? It was a preparation for the day of Pentecost. Cuz without Calvary, the spirit couldn't come back and water the other seeds that was coming. Hallelujah. That seed had to hold. That seed had to overcome and yet it had to be broken so that that overcoming life of that seed could then come on all of us. Hallelujah. All heaven was watching. All hell was watching to see if it would hold. It was proving time. Everyone was watching. Will he call the angels? Will he speak out? Will he lash out? Will he use his power? All of hell watching. He says the earth shook. He died until the sun would quit shining. He died until the stars refused to shine. He died until the earth was so black you could feel it. He died and went to the lowest regions of hell bearing our sins. You could go no deeper in hell than he went. You could not suffer harder than he suffered. You could not die dead than he died. But brother, on that first Easter morning, the toxin went to work. It broke the seals of death. It smashed the devil in the face. It rolled back the stone. And the son of God lived again, and he's alive forever more. The toxin worked. God put it on his own son to prove it that it would work. God has made flesh and dwelt among us. That's how God was in Christ. God come and took his toxin himself in a human body that he created himself the son of God. He lived in that. He took the toxin. But on Easter morning it proved that it held. I'm so glad it held. I'm so glad if it held then it holds now. I'm telling you the storms are raging all around us. But the anchor holds. The toxin holds. We're safe tonight from all storms. We're shielded in the arms of Jesus. Oh, the devil had always looked for that seed and now he found it. Like the old saying goes, be careful what you wish for. I love it. Says it smashed the devil in the face. It broke the chains of death. It brought liberty to the bound. Hallelujah. He says Satan's always looked for that seed. He knowed that seed would be the conqueror. He talks about Jesus coming in and the devil's trying to bluff him a little bit and he says, "You died as a sinner. You're in hell." True enough. But he wasn't going to stay long. He was only there to conquer. He was only there to prove it worked. He was only there so you wouldn't have to go there. He was only going to be there for a few minutes. Yes, I'm here, but I ain't staying long. I've come to take over. I've come to loose the captive. I've come to take the chains and the keys of death, hell in the grave. Hallelujah. I'm the blood. Hallelujah. The virgin born son of the living God whose blood is still wet on the cross. Hallelujah. It held. It held in the beating. It held on the cross. And it held in hell. And now hell is on earth. and Satan looks at you and says, "You're in hell." That's fine because we're bone of his bone and we're flesh of his flesh. And just as he conquered, we're only here to prove it works. We're only here to conquer. We're only here to take over. We ain't staying much longer. You can have this old filthy place. We're just here until he takes us out. And we've got a word. It won't be long now. Hallelujah. We're here to prove it works. He had a word that said, "I won't leave his soul in hell." And he trusted that word and it raised him up. And we're in hell today. But we got a word that says, "In a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, this mortal shall put on mortality. And I'm trusting it tonight. And it's going to raise me up out of hell. It already has. It's raised us to heavenly places. It's raised us above sin. It's raised us above doubts and fears tonight. Hallelujah. Conquering hell even as he conquered it. Glory. It was proving time. There wasn't enough devils in hell, in the darkest corner of hell that could keep him there. He had been inoculated by the same life and the same power that is available to you tonight. So what's that mean? There ain't enough devils can stop this bride. There ain't enough devils can stop this rapture. And if I go by the way of the grave, that don't matter. All hell can't keep me from rising. It's a proven seed. It's a certified seed. It's proven life. Prophet of God says there's nothing can keep me from rising. There ain't enough devils in hell can keep me from rising. There ain't enough nothing nowhere. There ain't enough nothing. I don't even know what that means, but I know it covers lots. There ain't enough nothing nothing nowhere to keep me from rising. I have the promise of God. I have the Holy Spirit. I got Zoe, God's eternal life resting in here. Listen, if you got it, turn away from your earthly troubles. Turn away from your earthly trials and realize there's nothing going to hold me here. And if you don't got it, it's available here in the house of God. There's a fountain open today in the house of David. Hallelujah. God proves his word. This is proven time once again. And it is not that it hasn't been proven down through other ages and in other people, but the two seeds or the two vines as it were had not reached full maturity in the other ages. So it was portions battling portions, portions overcoming portions or or very specific anointings poured out to fight very specific attacks. And God is not going to be outdone. So what I mean by that is in order for redemption to have fully taken effect. In order for it to have erased what Satan did in the garden, it has to fully counteract what happened there. Has to fully counteract it. In other words, let put like this. Eve fell in perfection. She was in perfection and she fell into chaos. Satan's word caused her to fall in a perfect place where there was no sin, no evil, no fear, no doubt, perfection created by the very hand of God. So in order to counteract that, God's bride must then stand and overcome in an Eden made by the perversion of Satan himself. And it'll show a complete full counteraction of what Satan was able to accomplish there in the garden. So in a world full of death and dying, in a world full of fear and confusion and sin and temptation, all the filth that hell can spew out in this day, there is going to be a bride who proves that she is true and that the work of redemption and restoration has been total and it has been complete. I'm telling you that you are standing in the ultimate proving grounds. You are standing in the final proving grounds. Satan can say, "Yeah, yeah, it held in this day and it held in that day and it held in that day. But what about in my Eden?" And God says, "I'm not afraid for this wordorn spiritfilled bride to be tried in your Eden. I know what she's made of. I know what I deposited on the inside of her. I've seen it conquer the grave. I've seen it conquer hell. I've seen it stand every test. You go ahead, Satan, and you blow your winds, but she will stand. and she will be proven true in the face of your Eden. Hallelujah. You are a part of those standing the ultimate test. So yes, you're going to have trials. Yes, this church and the bride worldwide will have trials and tribulations and attacks. We will have things we don't understand. Attacks from places we don't get. Why are they attacking us? Don't matter. Our job's just to stand. Our job's just to be true. And I don't mean to be negative, but it's not going to get easier. It's not supposed to get easier. Look at how that was proven with with Jesus. Every step got worse. from the agony in the garden to the beating to Calvary and finally death. Can it get any worse? Yes, he goes to hell. And as we get closer and closer, but the thing is in all that, what you don't see is is he was getting closer to a resurrection and to an ascension. So yes, we may be descending into darker and darker times, worse things, worse situations, and it's seemingly even in hell. But that just means we're one day closer to a resurrection. That just means we're one day closer to an ascension. Ascension and and a rapture of the church. Each day something new. Each day another attack. Satan again trying to find that seed and crush it. Trying to break you. But just like it wasn't stopped down through the Old Testament. He couldn't stop it in the dark ages. He couldn't stop it in Luther's day or Wesley's day or at Isuza. He cannot stop the seed now. We will not be stopped. Listen, even in your stumbles, even in your failures, stop here just a moment because that shouldn't make us get quiet. That should be something to make us happy. Listen, what I'm f to say that this isn't a a denominational view or a fatalistic view of predestination to what will be will be. So, I can do what I want or it doesn't matter how I live if I'm predestinated. We know that's not the truth. But I want to make it clear, your failures in life, your sins, your scars, even what you are battling right now tonight does not change who you are. It does not change who you are. That seed that God placed on the inside of you is going to come to full manifestation. That's his seed. That's him on the inside of you. He's not going to let that seed be lost. He's not going to let that seed go down into feet and go down into hell. It's him. The devil can maim. He can attack. He can try to ruin you. He can destroy this flesh. But he cannot get that seed. That's why you can't stay cold. That's why you can't stay lukewarm. That's why when you do something wrong, you have to make it right. That seed says fix it. That seed says get right. That seed says get to the altar. That seed calls to your prodals come home. They can't stay forever. The devil can maim. He can attack. He can try to ruin them. But there's a seed that says you got to go home. He can't get to the seed tonight. Hallelujah. He can smud it up. He can poison you all he wants, but that seed's going to come to manifestation. I'm a living testimony that that's the truth. Sure. Sometimes the level the devil is going to land blows. Sometimes the attacks seem to get to us. And maybe we go through what seems like more than our share. I mean, I think if we're honest, sometimes we look around, it seems like people go through more than their share sometimes. Sometimes I'm like, "Lord, I forgive me for not counting my blessings every day. I hadn't gone through near what that brother's gone through. what that family's gone through. I'm blessed. We We're all blessed, but sometimes it feels like more than our share has been poured out on us. And and we end up we begin to question where where is God? Why isn't God moving for me? Why isn't he worked on this situation yet? Why isn't he with me? And I understand those questions. I do in in our moments in the darkest of nights. But I want to ask you this question to counter that. How do you think you're still standing how do you think you're still here? Even because all that you've been through and all that's been poured out upon Do you think you're still standing because of you? You think I'm still standing because of me? No. It's because yes, you're in the midst of a storm. Maybe your 10th storm, maybe your 20th, maybe more than anybody else. But in every single storm, he's been right there by your side. He's been standing there proving that he's trustworthy, proving that he's true, proving that he won't leave you or forsake you. You're still standing today because he's still fighting your battles. Maybe you got more than others, but maybe you'll have a greater reward because you won victory after victory after victory after victory. and maybe I'll just have the opportunity to stand by when the crown of life is placed on your head and I'll be able to testify. Yes, Lord, they went through so much, but they stood for you. They were proved in the proven grounds and they didn't falter. They didn't fail because you never left their side. Hallelujah. Doesn't matter how bad it gets, that seed presses on. God's always got somebody that will stand true because God proves his word. The prophet would tell us then that all he claimed to be throughout the Old Testament, even as he walked upon the earth, he proved by the resurrection. Said he proved by the resurrection. Had he stayed dead, then he wasn't the son of God. All right? Regardless of what other things had happened, had he stayed dead, he was just another man. The prophet tells us, he says, like he was the manifestation of the promised word of God. I will not leave his soul in hell, neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption. He manifested it. Every word of God that was promised to him, he proved it when he raised on Easter morning. He says that's what he proved. Hallelujah. That's what Easter proved. He wasn't only the word, but he was God himself, the dynamics. Notice he says God himself the dynamics. So what is God? The dynamics in the word that made the body of Jesus Christ cold, stiff, dead in the grave. Listen, those same dynamics, you may be cold, dead, stiff, and evening like tabernacle. You may not be in a physical grave, but you're in a spiritual grave. The same thing that raised Jesus Christ from the dead will raise you from the dead tonight. the same dynamics. He says it made that body of Jesus Christ shaken to life and rise again. Roll away the stone. I am he that was dead. So dead till the sun said he was dead. The moon said he was dead. The star said he was dead. All nature said he was dead. And now the whole world has to recognize that he's alive again. He was not only the mechanics, God's word. He was the dynamics to prove it. Oh, we're talking about the proving ground now. If he being the word had to be proven, then we're no different. We're going to have to be proven as individuals. We're going to be have to be proven as ministry. This church is going to have to be proven for what we claim to be. It's a word born bride. And if he always proves his word, even the word in flesh, then we are also going to have to be proven. And what will the proof of it be? The same thing that proved the groom. It's going to be the same thing that proves the bride. It will be the dynamics in the word to make the word live. Again, it's not going to be that you got your doctrine straight, although you will. is not going to be that you know every single quote, although you will. But will there be dynamics there to make that quote live, to make that word live, to make a person live an overcoming life above sin? Yes, to manifest miracles. Yes, to to raise the dead and heal the sick and speak with tongues. Yes, all those things. Yeah, you know, I'm for all those things. But what about the greatest miracle? To take a ranked sinner that can't that falls and falls and falls and that power comes into him. the dynamics and makes that life live again. Overcoming sin, overcoming failures, overcoming a lie, evil spirit, lust spirits. That's the miraculous. That's the dynamic power of almighty God. It will be the dynamics in the word that makes it live again. Now, he's talking about the true seed. They're going to see that. They're going to get that word and stay right with it. proving ground. How do you say, "Prove of your love to me. Believe what I said." They're going to get that word and stay right with it. And I'm sending forth the spirit to water it. And it'll produce just exactly. It'll produce miracles. It'll produce the power of God. It'll produce. I like that. It'll produce. And it will not deny half of it. It won't deny parts of it. It won't deny any. I don't care if it was from 2,000 years ago, a thousand years ago, 800 years ago, 50 years ago. It won't take anything and deny it and say that was for back then. It won't deny anything because it's a kindred seed with the seed. Hallelujah. It's proving time, church. It's time to take the gates of the enemy. It's time to operate in the power of God. It's it I would call it a line in the sand time. What are our churches proving? Forget that. Just back up the tape. Not worried about other churches. What is our church proving? All right. What is your home proving? What is your life proving? I Is it crying out tonight with undeniable proof that he's alive? Undeniable proof that it produces overcoming lives? That it produces miracles? What is it crying out tonight? Listen to your prophet. He said his vist visture dip in blood. His name was called the word of God. He is the word of God. He is the quickening power. He is the Holy Spirit. The dynamics that comes into the mechanics, the words that make it live and it all has to work together or it just won't work. Why aren't lives being changed? Why do people set cold? Why do the sick lay sick? Because it all has to work together or it just won't work. It's got to take the whole Bible, the whole Christ, the full gospel. How are we proving even like tabernacle that we are who we say we are, that we are who he says we are? I'm not saying that in a negative way. I just want us to think about it. It's got to be proven. It's the proving time. Have we been restored? Are we back on speaking terms again? Do we have the power of the spoken word back in the church? Are the dynamics flowing out to prove that I'm not going to say that he's here, but are the dynamics flowing out of us to prove that we are him? All right. Because that's the place we got to get to. We are him. She is him. Are the dynamics flowing out? How's it going to be proved true? How we going to make it? How are we going to do it? He tells us right here. Listen. The teachings alone ain't going to do it. Knowing the quotes ain't going to do it. But the whole the teachings living, the quotes living, the word living. How, brother Aaron? By the damic power of God making the word manifest again. He said, I'm going to have somebody standing for it all. I'm going to have somebody standing for it all. Somebody that will prove his word in the closing of time. Oh, hallelujah. Dynamic power proved who he was. And dynamic power is going to prove who you are. Listen, this ain't by accident. We've been predestinated for this moment. We've been predestinated to meet the challenge of the age. and he knew the seed would be here just at this time. You're not just some nobody. You're not just some out in the woods backwoods country church. You are the word born bride. And in proving the word, he not only proves himself true, but by proving the word because you're a part of that word, it proves you're true tonight. You are who you say you are. You are who he says you are. Oh, glory. Satan has tried to stop it ever since Pentecost. down through the dark ages, killing of all the martyrs, filling the church with lies and deceit and false doctrines. And yet he couldn't stop it and here you are. One day it was Jesus that stepped out on the scene. Don't let it choke you up that one day it was you that stepped out on the scene. No, not not the fullness in a body, but a portion. And so one day we stepped out on the scene. Love this. He says in that gospel light of the resurrection, the confirmation of the word, how did we know he was Christ? Because he proved what he talked about. How will I know the message of the hour where God proves what he promised and he talks about it. That is the identification that we are beneficiaries with him in the resurrection. That he proves it to us. That's the identification. He proves what he has talked about. What he promised to do in Christ, he proved on the resurrection. What he promised to do in the days of Moses, he proved it. What he promised in the days of Enoch, he proved it. In all the days of the apostles, he proved it. So what's he going to do again today? He's going to prove it. I say he's already done it. I say he's already proven that he moves. He's proven that he heals. He's proven that he saves. He's proven that he'll fill you with the Holy Ghost. He's proven that time after time he'll deliver you when you fall down. Hallelujah. So if he's proven it, then we should come expecting it. I say we should come expecting those things. We ought to come with our attitude ready to receive. And sometimes I say, "Well, well, well, I just I just need God to move." Yeah, but you got a part to play in order to be able to receive when God moves. Think about it. Many touched him when he was here on earth, but because of the wrong attitude, they weren't healed. There was a lot of people that laid hands on Jesus that didn't receive nothing. But a lady came up with faith expecting to receive and touched him. And he proved to be true. Think about it. Many were in his presence and were never delivered. But those that came to him hungry, those came that came to him in faith, and those that came to him desperate. Look at as brother Brown talks about this. He says, "Here's a woman touched his garment. She was healed with a blood issue, but a soldier spit in his face and put a crown of thorns on his head and felt no virtue." It's your approach. Now listen close. I think this is very important. The attitude is what it takes. And that's what it is tonight, dear friend. It takes the attitude. We are and believe that we are in the presence of Jesus Christ. You believe that tonight? But it's your attitude that brings the results. The mechanics is here and so is the dynamics. If you just get started, God will do the rest. Church, I say let's just get started tonight. Let's just start expecting again tonight. Let's start letting our faith rise up. Maybe it's been beat down, but let's let it raise up a little bit tonight and maybe just get it moved. Maybe just a little step and say, "God, I just I'm just trying to get it started." Prophet of God says he'll do the rest. He'll come more than halfway. He'll do more than his share. As long as he sees a faithful heart, a hungry heart, a desperate heart coming to him. I want to be desperate tonight. I want to come hungry tonight. I don't want to miss an opportunity in his presence for him to prove his word to me. And I want him to be able to use me in order to prove his word to others. I want to be available. That's what we're here for is that his word can be proved through us. Hold on to that thought as we bring this to a close here. He says, "If his children were only take his word so he can prove it by you. That's the only way he can prove his word. He doesn't prove it to unbelievers, they can't be proved. They can't be proved. But you know who can be proved? You can be proved. It can be proved that you're a genuine seed. It can be proved that you're called to this, that you're chosen for this, that your name is on the Lamb's book of life. He says they can't be proved they are unbelievers. It's not for unbelievers. It's to him that believe. And if he can find somebody who will believe his word, he will prove his word by you. He will prove his word by you. And he will prove you by his word. Amen. Hallelujah. We are in the final test. Hallelu. We are in the proving grounds. How is it going to prove that this is overcoming life? How is it going to prove that that that he heals and he delivers? How's it going to prove to the devil that he has a bride that won't fall when Satan's eating you? So, guess what? You're going to face demons. You're going to face trials. You're going to get sick. You're going to get really sick sometimes. You're gonna have brothers turn their back on you. But let me get going. You're going to find healing. You're going to find deliverance. You're going to find overcoming. You're going to find salvation. And he's going to prove his word by his bride standing in Satan's Eden in the last day. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You are going to be proven that you are bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. Oh church, it doesn't matter what he does. He can roll a stone over your life. He can try to change your name, call you depression. He can try to change your name and call you anxiety, try to change your name and call you addiction. He don't have a right to name you. Ain't one of you in here get a right to name my kids. That's my kid. You call them what they want. You can nickname them what they want. They don't got an answer to that. But when I say their name, that's when they look up and say, "Yes, daddy. I hear my name being called." The devil can call you what he wants. He can call you defeated. He can call you a failure. But he can't stop me from rising when he calls my name that was put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. I'm no longer the answer to those names of defeat. I'm not responding to that anymore. I'm in the proven ground and I'm here for one thing. To prove that I'm true and to prove that his word is true and he's going to prove his word by me and I'm going to be proved by his word. Hallelujah. There's no failure in your trials. There's no failure in your troubles. Oh, as long as you're fighting and still standing, you're winning. You're winning. I said quit letting him think just because you're in a battle that you're losing. Hallelujah. He's proving to the devil that you are a genuine seed. Listen to this. God gave Christ the spirit without measure, but he give it to us by measure. Christ had all the measure, everything. He was Emanuel. But you and I are little cupfuls of that seed. But when the spirit that's in us is of the same quality, that's all that matters. Not as much in quantity, but the same quality because it's part of the same spirit. That's why it can go through hell. That's why you can't be stopped. That's why you're an overcomer. I'm a nobody. Wrong again. You are of the same quality as the Lord Jesus Christ. Let that sink in. You can't lose. You can't be defeated. You can't be overcome. You can't miss the rapture. Jesus Christ is a part of himself on the inside of you. And he's saying, "I'm pulling it back. I'm drawing it back. You've proved it true. You've proved that you're genuine seed of the living God." Hallelujah. That's what this seed does. It conquers. That's what this seed does. It overcomes. That's what this seed does. It possesses the gates of its enemy. I say there's some gates that need to be possessed tonight. There's some grabbing hold of gates that's been barring you in, keeping you from your joy, keeping you from your promises, keeping you from your worship. I say take the gates tonight, possess the gates of your enemy, and let's haul them out of this place tonight. Hallelujah. The proving grounds. Stand together with me, please. I didn't mean to say that so forcefully. Please, you're not going to fall. I need you to understand something. These tests and these trials and this evil bombs, worry, fear, it's not to make you fall. It's to prove you. It's to prove you are what you say you are. And by the way, you can't fall. Prophet of God says it's a revelation. She knows it. So did Eve know it, but she fell. But this one knows it and won't fall. She is ordained. Hallelujah. She is ordained to not fall. She won't fall. She is predestined to it. You can't mess this up. You can't mess this up. Just yield to him tonight. Say, "Lord, I'm yours. Just prove your word in my life. Lord, just work through me. I just want to, Lord, step into your will. You predestined it and I just want to stand true in the proving grounds. Hallelujah. Tried, tested, suffering, but kept by the power of God. Hallelujah. Only gold tried in the fire shall endure. Hallelujah. Play something for me, Sister Rebecca. I want to end this with a story if you don't mind. Not so much a story as much as just a factual thing. Many of you know, most of you have heard the term Navy Seal. You know, the Navy Seals are considered some of the best of the best. I know there's other branches of the military, but they're some of the most well-known, best of the best there is. They go through incredibly hard training. And it's not to wreck them. It's not to ruin them. is so when the bullets start flying and the situation doesn't go the way it was planned, they don't panic. This is what we were made for. Brother Tim, we stood in the hospital room one night and you said, "This is what we're made for. This is what we've been trained for. This is what we do." It's why you go through the training. I'll never forget, sister Lena, if I messed this up, forgive me. But when she first got her diagnosis of cancer, they called the family together and I and it always just so encouraged me that she sat there and said, "Every song we've ever sung, every sermon we've ever heard, every service we've ever been in has prepared us for this moment." Amen. These battles, these scars, these attacks, these wounds, the things we go through, the services, the kind word that somebody says, the harsh word that somebody says, whatever it may be, it's not meant to sink you. It's preparing you. It's getting you ready because you're here to prove I'm genuine. I'm the real deal. I don't mind saying it. You can say it. I'm the real deal. I'm called. I'm chosen. There's a seat of God on me. I'm not backing down. I'm not going anywhere. I can't fall. I'm the real deal. Not within myself, but he put the real deal on the inside of me. And the anchor holds. You're the real deal tonight. That's how you're here. That's why you're here. They go through so much training and the test and the trials. They prepare them for battle, but more importantly, it prepares them for victory. But one part of the training that they go through to prove that they got what it takes, that they're real seals. It's actually called hell week. It's called Hail Week. It's five and a half days of continuous operational training beginning Sunday night and not ending till Friday afternoon. And during this whole week, they get three and a half hours of sleep. Not a night, three and a half hours of sleep during that week. They'll get like 10 minutes this night and 20 here. And it's usually done in about four or five inches of water laying on the beach in the sand. physical limits are pushed to the extreme. Most of their time is spent in the water, cold, constant training such as running, swimming, carrying heavy logs, obstacle courses, other forms of PT. They say only about 25% of those that go in come out. But here's the thing I want to get to you. At any point during the week, there's a bell. They keep it close by all the time that they can go ring three times. One, two, three. And it signifies defeat. It signifies I can't take it anymore. I thought I was a seal, but I'm not. I thought I can make it, but I can't. And not only is that bell kept there very close in reach, but they say the instructors intentionally taunt them and encourage the candidates that are struggling the most. Go ring the bell. You know you want to ring the bell. You know you're a quitter. You know you can't make it through this course. You should have never got in this course. You're embarrassing all of us. Go ring the bell. Go ring the bell. And they start describing the relief that will come with quitting. There's a hot meal waiting on you. You hadn't eaten in 4 days. boy, we see you quivering. Go ring the bell. Go get a hot shower. Go get a comfortable bed. It'll end the pain. And this approach is part of the intense, rigorous selection process designed to identify individuals with exceptional mental and physical toughness. Hell Week is a brutal crucible designed to identify those candidates with the unwavering resolve, resilience necessary to become a seal. Now, I read over that last part fast on purpose, so you probably didn't catch it. It did not say that the trials and the hardships and the sleep defradation was made to weed out the weak. It didn't made it wasn't made to to to make people look bad. It ain't about the quitters. It ain't about the losers. It ain't about those that can't stand in the proving ground. It said this selection process is designed to identify the individuals with exceptional toughness. It is designed to identify those candidates who can become a Navy Seal. We're not here to find the weak. We're not here to fall down. We're here to be identified. I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. I'm staying till the end. Devil says, "Ring the bell. Ring the bell." I will not ring the bell. I will not ring the bell. Oh, but until I hear the joy bells ringing, we made it. We proved true. We're the overcomers of the age. That's why we're here to be identified with Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. [Music] born and raised back to life again. I was made for Lord. Go ahead and praise him. I was made to be tended and brave. I was called by name. Come on, brother Phil. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for. Oh, why would I make why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made. Sing that first verse, Lord. Oh yeah. Who I am [Music] cuz I know who you are. Oh the cross of salvation was only start. Now I am chosen. Oh, free and forgive. [Music] Oh, I have a future. Oh, it's worth a living. And it's worth a living. Oh, cuz I wasn't made to be tinned in the grave. I was called by name. I was born and raised back to life again. Cuz I was made for more. I Oh, so why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was wait for more. Hallelujah. And you call out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. [Music] You buried my past, so I'm not going back. Hallelujah. You called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. Mylelujah. And you buried my path, so I'm not going back. I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by I was born and raised back to life. Back to life again. And I was made. Oh. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made. [Music] You called out my name so I'll sing out your name. Can we sing God's praise tonight? And hallelujah. [Music] And you buried my path. So I'm not going back. Hallelujah. [Music] And you called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. And you buried my path. So I'm not going back. I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name and born and raised back to life to life. And I was made. [Music] So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was wait. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I was made for more. Hallelujah. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] Oh yes, Lord, I'm surrendering my all. Oh yes, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arrive. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] Yes, I'm surrendering my all. Oh yes, I surrender to the king. [Music] And father, I see that you are drawing a light in the sand. I'm going to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. Oh, this is my plea. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] Oh, I'm surrendering my own. [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] And father, I hear it growing louder. Oh, the song of your redeem has a bride from every nation is awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes anom. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song. Song to our king. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to. Father, I see a bride rejoicing. And father I see the bride rejoicing in the song of victory. Every chain of death is broken and we have been set free. Satan's kingdom is defeated. Oh let our worship bring praise to our Lord and glory to our king. Let the worippers bow. [Music] Let the sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Oh yes. I surrender. Oh, let the worippers arrive. Oh, let the worippers arrive. Oh, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering, Lord. Yes, Lord. I'm surrendering it all to you. I surrender. Oh, let the worippers arrive. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the King of Kings. Hallelujah. Don't you just love the word of God? Praise the name of the Lord. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. I know it was the hand of the Lord. [Music] And while I was singing, somebody touched me. While I was singing, somebody touched me. While I was singing, somebody touch me. I know it was the hand of the Lord. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory. Somebody touch me. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touch me sweet. I know it was a hand of the Lord. Oh, and while I was bound, oh, somebody touch me. While I was bound. Oh, somebody touch me. While I was bound, [Music] somebody touch me. I know it was a hand of the Lord. Oh, now I am deliverer. Somebody touch me. I am deliver. Somebody touch me. I am deliver. Somebody touch me. I know it was the hand of the Lord. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Oh, somebody touch me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. I know it was the hand of the Lord. Oh, now I am healed cuz somebody touch me. I am healed. Somebody touched me. I am here. Oh, somebody touch me. I know it was a hand. Oh, I am shouting. Oh, I am shouting. Oh, somebody touch me. I am shouting. Oh, somebody touch me. I am shouting. Oh, I know it was the hand of the Lord. Won't just give the Lord a great big hand praise today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you tonight. Amen. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Just go from here believing. Amen. Believing that he's with us. He loves us. He cares about us. He knows what we're going through. And whatever we're going through does not change who he is. And he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. How many go going away encouraged tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. So, we're in a proven ground, but God is with us. Amen. He never leave us or forsake us. God bless you tonight. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. See you on Sunday. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Wat. [Music] Heat. [Music]
