################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - The Mountain Movers Laodicea, From Time to Eternity - Bro. Tim Pruitt on August 10, 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-10
Title:   The Mountain Movers: Laodicea, From Time to Eternity - Bro. Tim Pruitt on August 10, 2025
Speaker: Tim Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWII_LG0mok
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I seek Help me find you. How I need your [Music] find my dry broken places thirsty for your love. [Music] And Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. [Music] Oh, you are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me or fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate. Amen. Is that your desire this morning? Take and fall fresh. Fill my cup and heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Oh, just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. come and fall fresh and fill my cup. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. pour your spirit out and oh the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus. [Music] And oh, the blood of oh it washes. It washes white as though in the power say oh the power of Jesus and all the power of Jesus. [Music] Oh, the power of Jesus. It says the sinner. Well, let's stand and sing about that power now. Say, "Oh, the power of Jesus." And hold the power of Jesus. And all the power of Jesus, it sets the sinner free. In the blood say, "Oh, the blood of Jesus is so blood of Jesus." Yes. For the blood of Jesus, it washes while soul. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. The day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood for me. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was born, he died upon the cross. I know it was love for me. I know he paid the price. I know he paid the price. I know he paid the price for me. The day I was lost, he died upon the cross. I know he paid the price for me. I know he paid the price. Oh, I know you paid the price for me. But when I was fall, he died upon the cross. I know he paid the price for me. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back for me one day. Oh, he died upon the cross. I know he's coming back for me. I am covered covered covered by I'm walking by faith and living in love by you covered covered by your blood. Oh Jesus have resued me and I am covered covered covered by his blood. I'm walking by faith and living in love. I am covered. Oh, covered by his blood and Jesus have resurued me. I feel like praising praising him. I feel like Oh, praising him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praise praising him. Oh, I feel praising him. Oh, I feel like praising. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel praising him. Let's all praise the Lord. Let's all praise the Lord while we meditate. Oh, let's all praise the Lord. Oh, praise him in the morning. Oh, I feel like praising praise him. If you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Oh, if you don't praise the Lord, it won't hinder me. Oh, praise the glory. All day long, I feel like praising praising him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. and we're here to praise his name this morning. Amen. So, let's all praise the Lord while we have the chance. Oh, let's all praise the Lord while we have the chance. [Music] Oh, praise him in the morning. We will praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him cuz victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine and victory today it is mine. [Applause] And I told Satan leave thee behind. Oh, victory today is mine. Say joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Joy today is mine. And I told Satan behind all the joy to take. It's the Holy Ghost and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost. It's keeping me alive. Oh, Jesus is keeping me alive. It is down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. It's keeping me alive. It's down in my heart and it's keeping me alive. Oh, Jesus is keeping me alive. Saying it's all it's all over me. Keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Oh, it's following me. Keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me. Sing one more time. It's all over for me. It's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It is over me. Keeping me alive. Oh Jesus is keeping me alive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And Holy Spirit rain down. Oh, oh come and pray. How we need your touch again. Holy Spirit rain [Applause] down. [Music] Oh, rain down. Let your power. Oh, let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word and Holy Spirit. [Applause] [Music] Oh, rain down and Holy Spirit rain down. for oh God return. We need your touch Lord. We need your touch again. And the Holy Spirit rain. Oh rain down. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit. [Music] Oh, let your power fall. Say, "Let your power fall. Let your Lord come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Ask brother Joe Adams to open the service for us in prayer. Want to remember to pray for brother Steve Newsome in Johnson City, Tennessee. He's been battling cancer and he's now been placed on hospice care. Just want the Lord to intervene in that situation. Amen. Move there. Also have a prayer request for brother John Puit. Sister Rebecca says their family has all been fighting sickness for the last several weeks and while most of them are better, brother John is continuing to have difficulty there. has pneumonia, also ear infections in both ears, been on multiple antibiotics and just really needs strength and rest and to be able to go back to work as well. So, let's remember that need to this morning. And if you have a need you want to lift before the Lord as brother Joe comes. Amen. I know he's mindful of each one. Is that our desire this morning of Lord just come back down rain upon us this morning? Amen. Let's go together in worship. We also want to remember our young people as they come home. I think many of them will be starting back today from TWWT youth camp. It seems like it's been a tremendous camp and many of them been blessed. Spoke to brother Andrew Glover this morning. He said they had many victories last night. So let's just remember them in prayer as well. Just take these knees to him this morning. Father, we bow our heads and our hearts to you, Lord. What a great privilege we have to be assembled together, Lord. not just under these four walls, but Father, in your presence, and we know, Lord, in your presence there's fullness of joy. So, we just come today, Father, and we bring our petitions before you. But Lord, we want to just tell you how much that we love you. How thankful we are, Lord, for the word you've given us in this hour. We're thankful for this message, Lord. We know it's not about a prophet, but it's about God using a man, Lord, to speak to his elect. And Lord, we're so thankful that you've called us before the foundation of the world. Lord, you put a seed gene inside of each of our lives, Lord. And as your prophet would tell us, it's not the person that comes predestinated. It's that seed. So, Father, we're here today as predestinated seeds, Lord, desiring to hear a predestinated word for a predestinated moment. And may you use our pastor today to Lord, just to Lord, unleash his mouth, oh God, to the things of God. And Lord, unleash our thoughts and our understanding today, God. give revelation, Lord, that we can just climb up to a higher level, Father. And Lord, soar into the heavenlies with the revelation of your word. And Lord, we just be so thankful and so mindful and Lord, so thoughtful to give you all the glory and honor. And Lord, we pray for the needs now. Lord, these that were mentioned, Brother John, Lord, need in his body. May you touch him. And Lord, the brother there, Lord, Brother Steve Nuome in in Tennessee battling cancer. Sister Donna, brother Ron, many others, Lord, battling with this demon of affliction. And we just pray, Lord, that your healing angel go by their way today, God. And Lord, minister to them, Lord. I recall a time where your angel walked down to, Lord, a neighborhood one time and a there was a sister with a guard, Lord, on her throat. And Lord, it fell off that morning because the healing angel came by her way. And we're asking that you'd visit us again today, Lord. Visit these needs, Lord. And Bryce Collins, his little granddaughter, sick with E. coli. May you touch her this morning, Father. Let your Holy Spirit just be loosed among us today. God, give us hearts that can receive the understanding of your word. Father, we love you now. We commit these needs to you in Jesus name. Amen. The brothers can take up the offering this morning. I love you, Lord. Can you just tell them that for a moment this morning? Cuz your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the good. Amen. And why don't we just sing that verse to him again? Say, "I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. [Music] For your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Say, all my life, oh my life, you have been faith. [Music] Yes. All my life you have been so so good. [Music] Oh, with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. I love your voice. I love your voice. [Music] Oh, you have led me through the fire in the darkest night. Lord, you're close like no other. I've known you as a father and I have known you as a friend and I have live in the goodness of God and all my life. Oh, just tell him, Lord, you've been so good to me. [Music] So good. Oh, with every breath that I am faithful. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running out. Oh, it's running. Say your goodness, Lord. Your goodness is running out. running after me. Your goodness is running after you. Oh, is my life laid down? I surrender now. I give you everything. Your grace is running out to me. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been faithful. [Music] &gt;&gt; All my life you have [Music] with every &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. seated [Music] is near [Music] lay consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds, every prayer prayed on my knees will lay before the holy consuming fire. And all I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is here with me. All I want to see is Jesus. Oh, shine through me. And hear him say. and hear him say, "Well done, my friendous one." Oh, well done. Well done. Oh, my faith. Oh, it all I want to see is Jesus. Oh, all I want to see is him in me. [Music] Oh Jesus [Music] shining through me. When peace lie a river attended [Music] my way with sorrows like He will go home. Oh, whatever [Applause] [Music] my love Lord, you have taught me. You have taught me the same. Oh, it is well. It is well. [Music] Oh, Satan should buff it. Let's sing that now. Oh, Satan should buff me. for trials [Music] to come. Oh, let this this bless. Oh, I'm glad the cross he has regarded. Oh my [Music] s in sh. Oh. Oh yes. No matter your situation, just lift your voice and sing. And it is well. [Music] Oh, with my soul. Yes, it is well. It is well with my soul. by sin. Oh, the bliss of this glorious song. Oh, aren't you think you can say this this morning? Why don't we just all stand and worship him now? Say, God in part, hope of the whole. [Music] Oh, in his name. Yes. To the cross. Oh, when I bearing no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, my Lord is for thee. Sing it now. Lord is for thee. For thy love we wait in the sky. Oh not to pray. It is my go. [Applause] Shout. Oh yes of the ancient the voice. Oh have you heard that angel message say blessed hope and blessing rest of my soul in his way. [Music] Oh, with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Let's go to him right now. Father, we want to just say we love you today and express our appreciation for all your goodness. Lord, there's every one of us today that was lost out in sin. But you and God, rich in mercy, reached out to us, forgave us. Oh God, made us sons and daughters of God by your blood. Lord, we thank you, Father, that we're the bloodbought children of God. We're asking your blessings upon us today, your anointing upon the word that you'll touch the hearts and lives, Lord. Oh God, that you'll lift us up above the shadows of unbelief and let us see clearly, Lord, today and hour. Recognize our our day of visitation. Father, I ask Lord you'll heal the sick that's among us. Lord, to infirm the needy, those that are out in the in the lands around that are hearing the word. Lord, may their hearts be touched today. May their bodies be healed and their spirits lifted. Every need supplied, Lord, those that are here, those, oh God, in this assembly, will you bless them in a mighty way. Those that are out sick today, you'll touch them, Father, and heal them. those that are traveling that give give a mercy as they return home. Ever need Lord, we just commit ourselves to you. And Lord, you know the subject at hand. And Father, the desire that I have to to minister your word, Lord, to to to lay it out correctly. I pray, Lord, that you'll help me to speak precisely today, anointed by your spirit. That is not just words, but Lord, it's words with power. It's words, oh God, that as it is released, that it goes forth and liberates and sets your children free. I ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. God bless you, man. If you will turn with you, me to your your Bibles and we're going to be looking at Revelation 3:14. And uh today we're going to be um you know here looking at the subject of Leodysia from time to eternity. Amen. And as you're turning there just a moment I I do want to say that um today is brother Ethan Bagot's last service with us for a while. He's he's moving to um Virginia and we pray that God will bless him in this move and grant to him the desires of his heart. And I just want to say, Ethan, if there's ever something we can do to encourage you in your spiritual journey, you have my number, you can reach out to me at any time. And of course, that's true for everybody here. And of course, I want to say, you know, come back home often. Amen. We love you. We appreciate you. And God bless you. Amen. Today, we're going to be um continuing with our thoughts on Zechariah 4:7, the mountain movers. Who art thou, oh great mountain? Thou shalt become a plain, and the headstone shall be called brought forth with shoutings, crying, grace, grace unto it. We're going to look at Revelation 3:14. And unto the angel of the church of the Leodysians, write these things, said the Amen. That's the final say, the faithful and true witness, and God would time after time after time vindicate this message of the angel of this church. and um the beginning of the creation of God. And because this is the hour of the return of the new birth in his fullness. And then verse 21, to him that overcomemeth will I grant with to sit with me in my throne. Even as I also overcame and sat down with my father in his throne. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit said to the churches. Then we're going to go for another scripture reading. This is found in Ephesians chapter 1 and this will be found in on verse three. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us into the adoption of children by Jesus Christ himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein He hath made us accepted in the beloved, in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sin, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known to us the mystery of his will. Remember, his will is a mystery that he's been making known down to the ages as he would type it out in different characters of the Bible prophesying of this last day according to his good pleasure which he had purposed in himself that in the dispensation of the fullness of time. Now this phrase is going to be very important. So the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him, in whom we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated, according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will, that we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ, in whom you also trusted after you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, and whom also that after you believe, you were sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise, which is earnest our our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. So today as we are looking at this, we're going to be looking about the dispensation of the fullness of times and where we are in time right now. And of course in some of this I will do uh some review and do some supporting scriptures, but we want to hurry as I'm speaking on these subjects. And I I want to just tell you why that I'm doing this. Because the ministry of this hour must stand in his god orained place as a part of the ministry of the forerunner. We are preparing the way for the coming of the Lord. And remember the voice that spoke on the river. As John the Baptist forun the first coming of Christ, so will your message forun the second coming. So if we're preaching this second or we're if we're preaching the message, then we are we are preparing the way for him to come. And so today's ministry under the Elijah anointing and in the administration of the son of man, it carries a a a real sacred responsibility and that is to make a people ready for the coming of the Lord, prepared to meet God. And we, as John the Baptist said, to prepare um your way of the Lord, make straight in the desert a highway for our God. And of course that means sometimes leveling the path and bringing down the towering mountains as we read in Zechariah you know the mountains that are in the way the heels of man's theology um tradition unbelief lifting up the valleys of neglected truth and and until we finally have the road is is clear and straight and and this is not a casual work and I I'm not going at this casually but with with depth of sincerity because it's a holy labor of the last watchman. &gt;&gt; You see, we're crying out in this final moments of the gentile dispensation. And the hour demands a people ready for the translation. &gt;&gt; A people prepared a a prepared people for a prepared place. And for the bridegroom comes quickly and the cry must be go forth with unmistakable clarity. For the trumpet must give a certain sound. &gt;&gt; You see and the and of course it's got to ring out clear loud and clear. Behold the bridegroom cometh. Go ye out to meet him. And today I I must hurry as I plan to take you from time to eternity. And um you know we we've got a little short time to get all this in, but I want to try to cram as much as I can today. And I ask that you'll bear with me as we look into these subjects. Now Jesus established a church would go through a process as we've been through in Mark 4:28. For the earth bringeth forth fruit of herself. First the blade, the ear, and then the full corn in the ear. So we can see that he would bring forth his church back in restoration in stages. And this divine pattern, it shows a church moving from the early growth to full maturity and culminating of course in an end time bride. &gt;&gt; And and so this bride would bear the same life and the fruit of the original seed. And of course, this is the harvest. This is the bride age. This is the hour of full restoration and full redemption. &gt;&gt; And I think I've well established that we are in the Leodysian age, the final age. And and although it is an age of lukewarmness and deception where the false vine and the tears are thrown into the fire tribulation, yet it this is the very hour in which the rapture will take place. For as the true vine matures and becomes the bride that she was at Pentecost &gt;&gt; and the bride yet is not physically removed from Leodysia. Of course that happens when we are raptured but spiritually we have been separated &gt;&gt; the chaff from the the wheat you know we are separation is going on is separates us from Leodosia's lukewarm spirit its systems it seduction until the rapture though we we live under the message of the seventh angel and the final messenger to the final age and awakened by the midnight cry that says behold or look the bridegroom &gt;&gt; and this is what we're doing you know we're we're pointing you the word which is the bridegroom in print form and he's revealed first in word form before we see him in the physical form &gt;&gt; so it was important that a message come to turn our attention um and and say behold or look upon the bridegroom let's look at the word and see what the word says at this hour trim your lamps anoint your eyes with with that provided asav, you know, put on the provided wedding gown that the white raignment that makes you ready to meet the Lord in the air, prepare for his coming. &gt;&gt; And so the call to come out of her that we uh see in Revelations 18:4 that it's not a call to leave the seventh age or time or geography, but to leave mixture and compromise and spiritual death and the Leodysian system. We know it won't be reformed. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is not another another reformation and it won't be revived. You know, it'll be judged, but the bride, she overcomes. She answers the knock. She opens her heart to him who stands at the door and and and he gives to her the greatest promise ever made to the overcomers, which is to him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me &gt;&gt; in my throne. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that is a promise of a rapture to us here in this last day and to rule and reign with Christ in the millennium to come. Now the messengers cry as we have read you know um and and and we have studied it in in Revelation 3 and Revelation 18 is was the call to come out and and that means to leave the systems that put Christ on the outside of the church &gt;&gt; and the shut will represent those who remain within the formal system and they speak of Christ but they don't receive leave him. &gt;&gt; So he stands knocking, continually knocking right here in this last age. &gt;&gt; But the grain, however, it represents those who will hear his voice. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many will identify with that grain today? You've heard his voice, opened the door, you've welcome him to come in to s with you and and fellowship with together. And and these are the one he's preparing for the marriage supper. So as we go into this, I want to speak about this age. It is the age of restoration. Malachi 4:5 and 6, Acts 3:21, times of restitution of all things. It's the age of the open book where the book is no longer sealed, but it's now open and the mysteries are revealed. It's the age of the rapture when the mystery of God is finished. It is the harvest age, the return of the seed to the grain. It is the era of union where the bride receives her head and becomes one with him. Of course, that's first in an invisible union and ultimately in a physical union. It is a time of separation when the shut pulls away and the word stands alone in the elect. And it is the climax of redemption wherein the bride sits with him on his throne. So it should be unmistakably clear that the Leodysian age is the age where the bride reaches full maturity. Just like the wheat coming to its final stage of growth at harvest time is from grain to grain from bride to bride, from bride age to bride age, from the original bride of Pentecost to the restored ripened bride in this final hour. So when we speak of the bride age, we're not referring to a separate church age, but rather a season within the Leodysian age, a prophetic time where the church reaches marriageable maturity, ready to be united with Christ. And that's the reason the bride has now been called out, prepared, and finally joined to Christ as his wife. You know, actually the ministry of the son of man unites the two together. And so we are actually married now by the message of the hour to Christ the word and we'll go to meet him in the air and go to our honeymoon in and you know in the millennium ahead. But no notice here this is the season where the bride is called out prepared joined to Christ as his wife. Now, not just espoused, right, but married and invited to sit with him on his throne. Now, Revelation 3:21 is the fulfillment of God's redemptive purpose for the bride, which is to sit with him on his throne. Now, the ages, of course, have now run their course. There there is no additional age coming. We're on the very threshold of the end. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen to that? All right. So we are in the seventh age and this leodosian age is the final one. It is the the door to the next dispensation is is calling of Israel and and the tribulation period. It lies beyond this age but not within it. And and but just because there are no more ages to come does not mean Leodysia is already over. It just means we have reached its climax. We're at the very end. And so within the frame of Leodosia, we witness the the the unfolding of key prophetic seasons. And we want to talk about these as we go along. And of course, we have the Pentecostal age, which is the shuck stage. It started in Isuza Street 1906. The Pentecostal era ended with the opening of the seven seals. up to that time it was where God was moving in in uh in his church, right? But the light moved on and the seals came open and it gave rise to the bride age or the bride time. And then of course we have the eagle age which is the prophetic anointing and the vision to rise above the systems of man. But in this eagle age um it it's the last age. It's a prophetic age where there is to rise a prophetic utterance to whom the secret always comes. And I'm quoting from the fourth seal there. And the fourth living beast wasn't was an eagle. As you remember the living creatures before the throne, the lion, the ox, the man, and the eagle. It's the last one. And you just study the ages, study the scriptures, is the eagle in the Bible. The last age was the eagle age. And God likens the eagle to uh the eagle to his prophets. Now watch. He says the last age the eagle a revealer of the true word. And then the last power he brings down the eagle to restore the children back to the original faith again of the fathers the eagle age. So we are in the eagle age under the eagle anointing. All right. Now, of course, we look and we see the next one is the token age where the literal life of Christ is on display in the believer. Now, in Luther's day, an experience of the Holy Ghost came producing justification. In Wesley's day, there was an experience that accompanied the revelation of the word. Amen. So, that was a sanctified light. It was an experience in the Holy Ghost where they was produced a sanctified life. And as more light came on the Isuza movement at the dawn of this age, an experience of the Holy Ghost came producing gifts of the Holy Spirit. But in our day, an experience of the Holy Ghost came um producing the full word in manifestation. Now, so we're not just a justified people or just a sanctified people or just a a a spirit anointed people baptized. We have the full word in its manifestation. So with it comes the fullness of the Holy Ghost producing the token age. Now in the then of course the bride age. The bride age is the full maturity and readiness of the elect church. the rise of the elect lady prepared to meet the bridegroom where the church returns to the bride that she was at Pentecost. And then you finally have the gr grain age and we could probably pick out some more of these that brother Brandham talks about age of adoption different ones but we have the the grain age where the grain of wheat uh planted at Pentecost is once again the grain at the harvest time. So this is where we are. All of these things here unfold in within Leodysa, not beyond it. The true elected age are those who leave the shut, the Pentecostal age, and become the grain, who receive the open seals, rise in the eagle anointing, sealed with token life. Oh, think of this. They are revealed as the living bride. Those who are alive and remain at the coming of the Lord. And and these are those that overcome, who hear the final call, who make themselves ready. They are the people of the bride age. You, my friend, are here in this last leodian age in the bride season, bride time, bride age. &gt;&gt; And now, what defines the bride age? The bride age is not another segment of church history. It is the climatic season in which the true church, the bride of Christ, returns to what she was in her beginning. It is the final stage of God's redemptive work before the resurrection and the rapture. So, we're here in the final stage. And though it unfolds within the Leodysian church age, it's still yet distinct from Leodysia. It's a called out people from within the age responding to the voice of the bridegroom. &gt;&gt; Amen. So again, it just as a type of wheat, the original seed planted at Pentecost, it went through that long process. It went from um it went from excuse me it went from um this long process of stalks shut and now in the time of the harvest the life has now returned to the grain and what was planted is now reproduced again. Now not a replica of the husk but the seed itself. All right. The identical in life and nature to the original. So the bride age is the era of time when within the last age when the life leaves the shop and enters into the grain for the harvest. And the bride age is a season of restoration. is prophesied in Malachi 4:5 and 6 when the spirit of the Elijah would turn the hearts of the children back to the apostolic faith of their Pentecostal fathers. It's not a return to a denominational movement of Pentecost, but you rather a return to the faith, the doctrine and power of the original Pentecost under the full headship of the word. So this is an era of time in which the bride receives Christ as her head. Not some denominational head, not a man, not a creed, but the revealed word. Amen. And the revealed word she receives him as her Lord, as her husband. And this union of the word and bride brings about brings about the fulfillment of Revelation 19:7. The his wife hath made herself ready. So, she is no longer merely a church. She is a word-born bride, the lamb's wife, united with him in covenant and in life. &gt;&gt; Are you with me now? Now, I I'm purposely trying to methodically teach this and go as quickly as I can because I'm trying to get and I I'm not going to make any more excuses for time that I'm taking. I'm just going to go really quick as I can so we can reach eternity. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's the time of harvest. It's the ripening under the evening sun where the bride is gathered for the rapture. Just like Boaz, you know, when he claimed Ruth as his own. So Christ is redeeming his elect bride to bring her into the marriage supper of the lamb. And there's no other age, I want you to get this. No other age was the reward given in this one to to him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne. No other age is given this. We are the age of the rapture. &gt;&gt; We are the age of the lamb's wife. This is the bride age. And this is God's crowning achievement. The full purpose of redemption fulfilled. Not just to forgive sin, not merely to establish a church, but to bring forth a bride in his own image, a people in whom the fullness of the word has been made manifest. I'm talking about you this morning. Now I'm going to end this take the liberty to examine a couple of quotes that has been mis construed and misplaced caused a lot of misunderstanding because it's important that these crooked places be made straight. &gt;&gt; Amen. Somehow another I turned me off. There we go. All right. So now as we are looking at this quote right here, notice it in this is found in the breach. Notice it's not revealed. This book is not revealed until the church ages and denominational ages is run out and there's time no more. It's only revealed after the church ages denominational ages has run out. So, if you notice this, um, this seems to elude that God doesn't reveal the book. He doesn't open the seal until the ages are over. But you see this, and this has been taken out of context to suggest that the church ages are already complete. You know, they're already finished at Leodysia's ended, the bride's entered, and now into a separate age. And we must be careful that &gt;&gt; because when we do this, you can be led out to believe anything under another messenger or another message. We must realize the age that we're in and not allow ourselves to be led out somewhere else. &gt;&gt; All right. So, you see, um I I want to make clear what the prophet is saying. The key phrase here is run out. It doesn't mean the seventh church age le oysia has ended but rather the church ages has reached their final stage the last age. There are no more ages to come. &gt;&gt; The term runs out signifies that we have arrived at the last chapter. &gt;&gt; Okay, not that that chapter is closed. &gt;&gt; We're just in the last chapter. So the, you know, is not closed. It's not finished. Now, Brother Brandham explains this terminology that he uses. Let me see here. Um, and and here he says he explains this terminology when they actually mistook him to thinking that mercy was over. And he said, "Here's where I think you get it. It's about the finishing of the seven churches and the seven seals being loosed. The seven seals is manifested. what takes place and what has took place the seventh church age. We're at the end of the seventh church age. When I say the end, that doesn't mean it's this very hour, this very minute. &gt;&gt; So he explains this to his way of speaking. He said when I say the end, I'm not talking about this moment, you know, this very hour. But we we are here. we have reached the the last age. And so likewise, the phrase, you know, that time is no more is not referring to the end of chronological time or that we have somehow been caught up out of the last age into an eternal age, but it echoes Revelation 10:6 where the mighty angel declares that there should be time no longer. And this of course refers to God's dealing through the ending of God's dealing through organized denominational systems. God's method has shifted from the corporate church world to the bride. &gt;&gt; All right. So I want you to see what brother Brandham is emphasizing here in this. He he's emphasizing the book the revelation of the seven seals is open after denominational ages have run their course are no longer they are no longer the channel through what which god is working now if you'll study the message you'll find the channel god works in the end time and that channel is a prophetic voice &gt;&gt; amen he no longer working through theologians or reformers but through a prophet &gt;&gt; and that is the channel through which god is working we are in the final age le oysia which is ongoing. It is not ended, but we're at its climax. God has turned from the systems of man to a called out bride who is being ready for the made ready for the rapture. The confusion of the religious world with its many splinters, sex contradiction is a direct result of man departing from the word and building denominations around partial truths. So this statement does not mean the seven church ages are over in time but that the sequence is complete &gt;&gt; and we are in the last age and God is now revealing his mystery to those who are no longer part of the denominational confusion but are part of the word bride. In fact, he makes it clear the book is open in the Leodysian age not after it's over. And I'm going to just show you a few right here. And I'm taking the snippet up the top in the green. This is this book is not revealed until the church ages, denominational ages is over. And you'll see all of these I have listed is from the breach. At the sounding of the seventh church age, the last church age, all the loose ends of all these church ages that have been proved probed at will be wound up together. But then in the last age, all these mysteries are to be solved out and handed out and the seals are be opened by the lamb revealed to the church. Mas broke the seals, revealed the mystery, revealed them to where? To the last church age, the only one that's living, the rest of them sleeping. The seals is broke. Why? In the last church age to reveal these truths. So, brother Brandham in the same sermon is is declaring it all is revealed in the last church age, not outside the church age. So when he is saying that after the church ages you know that and denominational ages is over it means we have we have reached the end we have come the sequence of numbers is complete. &gt;&gt; We have now come to the last church age. Now so these these um so these have been like I said are statements from the same same sermon. Now um of course now we we understand the these things and and um you know want want to comp realize and we're comparing again um this is finally in the rapture message when the last message is brother Brandon preaches before he departs and he says the book was written and remember it was sealed with seven seals his seven seals was not to be opened revelation 10 till the sounding of the last earthly angel on earth leodysian or revelation 10:7 Seven. See, in the days of the sounding of the seventh angel, seventh angel message, um, seventh angel, the mystery of God should be finished in that age. And that's the age that we're living. I want you to compare it. We all know we are living in the Leodysian age. There will be never be another age to it. It can't be. So, we are living in the Leodysian age. And these seals held the book is a mystery. The people should be open at that day. That's what he promised. So you can see, you know, you can't use that quote to say, "Oh, well, you know, the ages, we're not no longer in the Leodysian age." Brother Brandham is very clear where we're living. &gt;&gt; Amen. So this book, the full revelation word is not open till the church ages, denominational ages have finished their course and we reach the last one. If it is revealed after the organized church has reached its final stage and then time for denominational ages has has is to be no more. Not in the sense that time or the age has ended, but that God's time of dealing through denominational systems is over with. Now, so you're not saying the age is finished, but rather that this is the final age and we're living in its climax and the seven ages are complete in number and there's not another age to follow. So the door to of to denominationalism has closed. God no longer uses that system. He did in its time. They were the life in their age. In their time, the life would pass through them. So we we find that God is no longer working through organized system. His dealings are now with individuals with his called out bride. &gt;&gt; Amen. So this is exactly why there's so much confusion in the religious world today. I just want to take a minute on this. People latch on to a piece of truth &gt;&gt; and they form a doctrine around it &gt;&gt; and one claims this is it and another says no this it isn't. this is it &gt;&gt; and the result there's hundreds of man-made organizations and yet people are still asking what is the truth &gt;&gt; and that's the condition of our day and brother Brandham condemned the the creeds of men beliefs that are built around a verse or two of the Bible &gt;&gt; right they they build it around a verse or two and ignore the rest of the word let's take for example water baptism you know Many will cling to the trinitarian formula of father, son, and holy ghost &gt;&gt; yet overlook the overwhelming evidence of how the apostles applied this &gt;&gt; by immersing in the name of the lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; So they will build a creed. A creed simply means I this is what I believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. uh and and if this creed is built on one or two scriptures without considering the whole picture &gt;&gt; and this message brings us back to consider all of the scripture and it has to line up from Genesis to Revelation. So the church ages have ended in terms of purpose and succession but the seventh church age le oysia is still ongoing till the rapture. And in this hour the mystery of the word is being revealed outside of the systems of man to prepare people that have been prepared to receive it. Now, it is absolutely correct that the bride is no longer in the Pentecostal shuck age, &gt;&gt; right? Amen. We're not in the shuck portion because she'd been called out of the Isuza Pentecostal age that the age started with into the bride era within Leodosa. But this call is a call to come out of men's traditions, out of lukewarmness, to put away blindness, to get rid of the arrogant Christ rejection claim that we are in need of nothing. It is not a call out of the age, however, for the only way out of this age is a rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I'm going to look at another quote right here that is being misused. And that and this is from the future home. And now in Ephesians 1:10 is called, if you're putting it down, Ephesians 1:10 is called not a dispensation. Of course, we know the Bible said in the dispensation. So he's correct himself and and he said not the seventh day, which is what he meant to say. It's was called the fullness of time. And when the fullness of time has come, that's when time has been fulfilled. When there's no more time, then you go into eternity after the seventh church age is over. And it is the Leodysian age is over and the Methodist age is over. Pentecostal age is over. And now you go into what? Eternity. No more sevens, no more threes, no more others. They're in eternity where there is no such time as numbers and times and things. Amen. Oh my. You see it now. All right. So, we're going to we're going to look at this because in this sermon, brother Brandham makes this prophetic um statement regarding the end of the ages and the dawning of eternity. Now, people will, you know, will mistakenly draw this statement out of context believing he's saying that the Leodysian church age has already ended. Then if you just take the snippet after this seventh church age is over and it is well you can run with that &gt;&gt; just like they run with the trinitarian formula. &gt;&gt; Amen. But I want you to see that as you say, as you see here, notice when there is no more time, then you go into eternity after the seventh church age is over and it is and Luther's age and Methodist age and Pentecost and you go into eternity and there's no more sevens, no more threes, no more numbers, no such things as times and so on. So now I I want to try to to get this where we understand where when there is no more time. Now here we're going to go to talking about time and brother Brandham in lifting up him out of history. He said we're standing tonight upon the brim and we're watching to come to pass and unfold two great scenes. And those two great scenes are these. One of them the ending of history and the other one is the ending of time. And many great men down through the ages has long to see this hour that we are now approaching. And as we live in this glorious setting of mortal sun and the breaking of the eternal light, I do believe we're living in one of the grandest ages that man has ever been permitted to live because it is the closing out of time and the blending in of eternity. Notice time is closing out and eternity is blending in. Now, that's going to be a key phrase as we go along because it doesn't just come and all the world and everything goes into eternity, &gt;&gt; but actually it's God calling first an elect, a bride of the earth into eternity. And that while the earth is still in time even during the millennium. So we're going to look at this at the ending of time and the blending of eternity. Now brother Brandham tells us about this age the last gift being added in the Leodysian age which is the seventh angel's time to preach in the Leodysian age. That time that they would be a lot of things that was so misconstrued down to the ages. And in invisible union he enlarges the same thought. He said, "I'm thankful to God to be living in this time at the closing scenes of this world's history." I don't know if it if I would have say so before the foundation of the world. And the God who laid out the whole program to me said to me, "I want you to preach. Now, what age do you desire to go to earth to preach?" I would have chose this age for I think this is the golden age. So the age that we are in is a very very grand age. It is a golden age. So I we're going to find out what is so grand about it as he says and how can overcome. We see this age is the um uh that we're living in is one of the grandest of all ages. Now he makes it clear this Leodysian church age is the grandest of all the church ages. Why? Because it is the ending of time and the blending of eternity. &gt;&gt; So it's the grandest of all ages. It's the golden age. It's the age. He said, "If I could choose a time to preach, it would be." He said, "The seventh angel's time to preach." All of this happens here. Now, so then we're going to look and we're going to ask when did the eternals give way to time? Time began when man stepped out of eternal fellowship with God into mortality. &gt;&gt; When sin severed him from the eternal realm. Notice Genesis 2:17. But the of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For the day that thou uh for in the day that thou is thereof, thou shalt surely die. Yet we know Adam lived 900 and something years for hundreds of years after that. So what died that day? Ask yourself the question. His eternal life was forfeited. That's right. &gt;&gt; Spiritual death happened immediately. &gt;&gt; And the clock began to tick on his mortal body. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, time started not on the first day of creation, &gt;&gt; but on the day that man fell. &gt;&gt; And before that, man existed in fellowship with God. And he was not bound by time &gt;&gt; as we know it. &gt;&gt; So as we look at here, as I show you in the green, time is the measure of decay. &gt;&gt; Mhm. So you look at yourself and your pasture three scoring 10. Well, you know how decayed you are. It's the measure of decay. You see, when that man left the tree of life, he entered a world where things age, fade, and die. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, as we look at this, before the fall, Adam was a son of God with no end in sight. &gt;&gt; His body was not created to die. It was it was housed in eternal life. And there was uh the evening and the morning and the creation days of Genesis 1. But man himself was not subject yet to the curse of time. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So as we look here, we see Peter says one day is with the Lord as a thousand years and a thousand years is one day. So eternity is not a long time. It is a realm outside of time. &gt;&gt; All right. So you see when did time begin? Well for the physical universe time as a principle began in Genesis 1 and1 in the beginning. &gt;&gt; See the beginning of measurable existence. And then two for humanity time began when Adam sinned. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's when death entered. That's Romans 5:12. And with it the the limitation of years, decay, separation from the timeless fellowship of God. So again, we we see this very clearly now of when time began. And let's go a little further. When will time end? Well, just as time began with the fall, it will end with the full redemption, the rapture of the bride, and ultimately usher in the eternal age. &gt;&gt; So, the bride returns to eternity by going beyond the veil of mortality, by the change of our body into union with Christ in the rapture. Amen. &gt;&gt; So you see we are here at the very time where this age blends &gt;&gt; from time the time ends for us and if we blend then to eternity. So it's the it is actually the start of the king of the earth who was co-regent with God that to be exalted back to his rightful place he has to be exalted back to his rightful place because when he fell all creation fell with him. So to restore creation back you got to restore the king back first and the king is the son of Adams. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? So now again the bride returns to eternity uh by going beyond the veil of mortality by the change of our body. Of course of course our souls as a segene of God we were chosen in him. I read that in Ephesians 1 before the foundational world and that means we were with him in the mind in the thoughts of God before the foundational world. And that of course gives an eternal quality to God's elect. But we are here with a a soul that uh that is from eternity and but yet a body that is captured in time &gt;&gt; and time began when man lost eternal life. And it is the ticking echo of immortality, a reminder that something was lost. &gt;&gt; But Christ the eternal one came to restore the access back to the tree of life. And when the last member of the bride is called in, time will be no more. &gt;&gt; And the church ages will end, the bride is caught up into the eternals, and forever we will be with the Lord. &gt;&gt; What a promise that is. &gt;&gt; We are people going from time to eternity. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it's already started by the recognition that we are were in God before the foundation of the world. And we realize now there's an eternal quality to the elect. &gt;&gt; Right? So now time began when God's vice regent fell. You see, God created man to be in his image. He was to be the Lord over the earth, ruler, have dominion. Man was a son of eternity. Oh yeah. He was created to live in unbroken fellowship. &gt;&gt; Think of that. He had unbroken fellowship with the eternal one. And the earth was not created for decay. &gt;&gt; Let let me just say the earth never belong to the devil. He is only a squatter here &gt;&gt; and one day he will be removed &gt;&gt; completely totally thrown into the lake of fire and demolished. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? So the earth was not created for decay but for beauty, for life, for communion with God's nature. So um as you see, the creation was subject to futility, not willingly, but because of him who subjected it in hope, for we know the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And of course, what is it longing for? The manifestation or the re revelation of the sons of God. And that's what this message is doing in this last day is revealing you as sons of God, placing you in the kingdom, giving you power and authority so that the earth can come back to its original state. &gt;&gt; Now of course you know time as a measure of corruption, change and death entered when man fell not when the cosmos was formed. Yet, yes, the universe had motions. The sun, moon ruled the day and night, but these were not time as decay. They were markers in an eternal rhythm untainted by sin. But notice what time is. Time is a echo of death whereby as Romans 5:12 says, "Wherefore, as one man sin, by one man sin entered into the world, and by death sin, death by sin. And so death passed upon all men. So death brought separation from God. It brought corruption and corruption brought the ticking of time. And in a world without sin, time has no sting. &gt;&gt; You see, in a world without sin, nothing fades, nothing wither, nothing dies. But once the curse fell, everything began to run down. And we're slowly slowly ticking down the clock of time and it reaches what is called the fullness of time &gt;&gt; where time reaches its fullness. &gt;&gt; Now, so as we look at this that time is a measure of decay. A decay came with sin. Sin came because of the fall of Adam, the god of this world. Satan then became the prince of this world and took Adam's place. Luke 12 21 shows that. And the the earth fell with his steward. Adam's dominion was universal over the earth. So when he fell, everything underneath him fell. His domain fell. And now cursed is the ground for thy sake. And because of this, the whole creation groans and travails together until now until sons of God will be manifest again. &gt;&gt; All right? So now the whole world, the entire natural world reflects erosion, aging, death. It's a world that is caught in the web of time. It is waiting for the manifestations. That that word is apocalyptu which means the revealing of the sons of God who will bring it back to liberty again. Who will free it from the bondage of corruption. Now of course we long even for this part of the earth to be freed from the bondage of corruption. &gt;&gt; Now when when Adam fell, Satan took the throne that Adam lost. Jesus um actually Satan told Jesus in Luke 4 and 6, all this power I will give you for that is delivered unto me. Well, who gave it to him? Adam &gt;&gt; through the fall. &gt;&gt; You see, came subservant to him and now he becomes the ruler, prince of the power of the air. We preached a lot on it. So he and and and when that happened then Satan claimed temporary rulership and he's only doing it for a time and that's why that's why this question book is so important to get back in the hands of man because it's the title deed to the earth &gt;&gt; and man lost it and it went back in the hands of God to judge and Satan makes a claim on it. &gt;&gt; Amen. and and man of course wants to claim it but he can't because he sold it to Adam I mean to to Satan right so Christ comes the second Adam &gt;&gt; outside of of that and he becomes in the likeness of man and as a kinsman redeemer he redeems the book he pays the price of redemption he opens the book and he hands it back to you &gt;&gt; so we are in the day we are in the bride age where the book is handed back &gt;&gt; to the bride &gt;&gt; to possess every promise in that book &gt;&gt; and it's now not in God's hands anymore. It's not even in Christ's hands anymore. has been handed back to his bride for you to be an overcomer in this age to you to rule and reign with him now in power and dominion &gt;&gt; and looking forward to the change of your mortal body where this mortal shall put on immortality and this corruption shall put on incorruption. Amen. &gt;&gt; So Christ the eternal one when time began to tick like a countdown waiting for the second Adam to reverse then Christ the eternal one steps into time. And Jesus the eternal word stepped into time and decay and he took on flesh. He bore our sins. He broke the curse. So the cross was the pivot point and in the rapture the church will return to timelessness, &gt;&gt; the ending of time, &gt;&gt; the blending of eternity. Now, we have journeyed through the seven church ages, and we're now in the bride's portion of the Leotin age, the golden age, where time doesn't stop abruptly, but it blends into eternity by beginning the end time process. &gt;&gt; It begins with a prophetic message that breaks the silence of his coming. That's one thing Jesus would not tell him and that was when he was coming back. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So you know when he come to it even when he in his discourse with them and he goes to he actually covers all the seven seals and in the seventh seal he says but at that day and that hour no man knoweth. &gt;&gt; He wouldn't reveal it. &gt;&gt; Is that right? So he even writes it in symbols because he don't want them to know it. Because it's a revelation to be given in the last day &gt;&gt; when it comes the bride time, bride age, marriage age, when a people of maturity comes that can handle the open book. &gt;&gt; That can speak the spoken word &gt;&gt; that can speak to their mountains. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; Now, it begins with this prophetic message that breaks the silence of his coming. It is the hour of the seventh seal. And this message produces and it the seventh from Adam. A type of you know a type of faith and walk with God that change the the bodies of the living and translate them physically from time into eternity. For the living resurrected bride time will be no more. Now I want to go through this. If you notice in Revelation 8:1, "And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of a half an hour." So, I want you to get a a picture. Something was silenced and it was for a time. Now, in the span of eternity is a very short time &gt;&gt; because it's symbolized by a half an hour of silence. And listen now, brother Brandon said, "We heard the word say this message shalom. In the days of the seventh angel in the church age, he just said the seventh angel's message would be the last message." And all we find here in Revelation 10, in the days of the message of the seventh angel, the mysteries of God should be finished. The seventh seal would be pulled back. It should be there. And then all at once when it's happening a vision broke said go to Tucson a great noise will take place at this time so you'll be thoroughly understanding and know that it's sent it'll just shake the earth nearly and all of you know about it it's on tape months before it happened then it happened. It appeared in the sky. Shalom. What is it? It's the changing beats. It's the symphony. So the sheet music has now changed and the beat of the music is now changed from the denominational ages until where there's a bride marching in unison with the word. &gt;&gt; And look what happened in the days of this message. It was the seventh seal or the breaking of the silence, the opening of the silence. You see that was pulled back and then while it is happening &gt;&gt; while it is now not when the prophets revealing it not when he's preaching on the seventh seal but while it's happening it happens with seven angels breaking through the dimensions of eternity into time and bringing a message that the time of delay to hold this silence back that is mysteries back is now the hour of revelation. &gt;&gt; It's now for you to know you are in the cycle of his coming. &gt;&gt; You are the people of the rapture. &gt;&gt; You're the rapture age. &gt;&gt; So now looking at this, I want to get something clear to you and and that is the seventh seal is not a singular event. I want you to watch. We must remember this seventh seal is the end of time of all things. How many remembers? Now we're talking about time ending, the blending ending of time, the blending of eternity. &gt;&gt; So watch this. Um the things written in the seven sealed book sealed at the plan of redemption from the before the foundation of the world. If every bit ends, it is the end. Is the end of the struggling world. Is the end of struggling nature. Is the end of everything. It's the end of the trumpets. the end of the viles to the end of the earth. It's even the end of time. Times runs out. The Bible said so. Revelation 10 1-7 verse 7th verse. And time runs out. The angel said time will be no more when that in the days of this great thing to happen. Everything runs out in this time at the end of this seventh seal. So this seventh seal, the breaking of the silence is the changing of the beat. It is a new page. is the turning of the page in the symphony where that we come back to bride time, bride age and it is bringing now about the end the climax of the end time events. &gt;&gt; Now watch this carefully as we go along because this will get clear as you as you go. Notice it is the end of the church age. So the seventh seal will bring about the end of the church age because it is the coming of the Lord and with the rapture the church age ends. It is the end of the seven seals of course it's the seventh one. It is the end of the trumpets that's happens in the tribulation. It's the end of the vows tribulation even ends usher in the millennium other side the tribulation after the battle of Armageddon that's all on the seventh seal. It's like firing a rocket in the air and that rocket explodes here and goes up and explodes again. It puts out five stars and those five stars expose and blows out five stars from it. And then one of them stars expose and blows out five stars from it. It fades on out. That's what this seventh seal. It just ends the time for the world. It ends the time for this. It means the time for that. Uh it ends the time for this. It means ends the time everything is just ended up on that seventh seal. So the seventh seal begins with the breaking of the silence &gt;&gt; of his coming &gt;&gt; and sets in motion the things that the spirit in the spiritual realm and then that will affect the physical realm and everything will start winding up finishing up. So now it is the divine trigger that sets in motion a chain reaction. &gt;&gt; It's like the ignition of a rocket who stages fire one after another until the mission is complete. &gt;&gt; And when the silence of the seventh seal is broken, the end time process begins. &gt;&gt; It first with the sinning of a prophet. I want you to understand the the prophet is a sign. It is a birth pain. &gt;&gt; It is the world in travail to bring forth first a bride. Come on. &gt;&gt; And then secondly the earth back to its original condition. Amen. &gt;&gt; So you see it is it is a it is the birth pain and he comes out as a prophet comes delivering the final message. He reveals the mysteries of God. He restores the law the truths lost to the ages. This message matures the bride to full word stature &gt;&gt; preparing her for the rapture. And with her departure, the fullness of the Gentiles is complete and the church age closes. The gospel turns to the Israel in revealing the Messiah to the 144,000 with the seven trumpets. The calling Israel back to the true atonement, especially the seventh one, which is same to them as our seventh seal is the coming of the Messiah to them. As the chain reaction continues to unfold, the vials bring judgment to the earth. Babylon falls. Christ returns with his bride. The millennium's ushered in. The seventh seal when it's open. It is the unfolding of God's entire in entire end time program until time itself is no more. &gt;&gt; That's where we're at. &gt;&gt; We're the people of the seventh seal. &gt;&gt; We're the people of the coming. the bride he's coming for. &gt;&gt; So we are now in the dispensation of the fullness of time. Now that word dispensation as you can see is economia in the Greek where we get our word economy from. So it literally means administration, stewardship or plan of management. So it is administration of the end of the fullness of time. So time now is going to we're coming into a economy into a new page on the symphony into a new beat. We're now coming into a a change right here in there. It's a dispensation of where time will come to its fullness. Now this is not a vague idea. Paul is speaking of God's specific appointed arrangement for bringing his plan to conclusion. And just as there are dispensation or stages in God's dealing with mankind such as law, grace, kingdom, age, all these you see the dispensation of the fullness time is the final phase where everything God has purposed is brought into perfect order unto Christ. So it's where h something begins that is issued in that starts a cycle of events that winds up bringing everything that God has purposed into perfect order under the headship of Christ. &gt;&gt; So this is what God is doing. Now as we look here it just as dispensations are stages in God's dealing with mankind law and grace. So everything is brought into perfect unity. Now let's look at the next thing which is the fullness of time. Now I'm not sure I can pronounce all these Greek words but you know it means the one means fullness, completion, maturity, rightness. So maturity of times uh completion of times right of times kario which is appointed seasons not just chronological time but God's ordained moment that means with with when every appointed season in God's timetable has reached its full maturity and nothing remains unfinished &gt;&gt; all prophecy all types all promises complete and fulfilled Now, of course, we are in the time where God's fulfilling all types promises and prophecies concerning the bride. &gt;&gt; But one day, the earth will also come to that place where it'll be cleansed from sin, where a new Jerusalem will sit down on it. First, it'll be burned with fire and renewed again with a holy fire and God will come and dwell. You know the same stages that he does with you of justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost is the same thing he does with the earth. You know, he baptized in water in Noah's day. He he shed his blood upon and sanctified it in Jesus day. And then this last day um he will take and burn it with fire. And of course that's a temporary judgment. will walk out on the ashes of the wicked and ultimately will point to where all sin is cleansed and everything and God's holy fire and God himself will come and dwell on the earth. &gt;&gt; What a day that will be. &gt;&gt; So it begins with the breaking of the time of silence concerning his coming. The thing that God wouldn't let anybody know &gt;&gt; when they asked him there as he was going away, will you at this time restore the kingdom of Israel for the times and season? It's not for you to know, &gt;&gt; but this is what you are to know of this coming. I'm going to point you to the right coming that you are to look for. You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost has come on you. &gt;&gt; So if you don't make that coming, you're not going to make the other. &gt;&gt; So it begins with the breaking of the s time of silence concerning his coming. The breaking of the silence comes with God's voice thundering out uncovering the mysteries of the seven seals. And this opens the book as revealed to Paul. The firing of this rocket brings about another fulfillment, the complete maturity and perfection of the bride, making a church without spot or wrinkle or blemish or any such thing. This causes the bride to move from time into eternity. And it brings about the fullness of the Gentiles. And from then on under this dispensation of bringing all things under harvest maturity event starts winding up for the church for Israel for the reign of mystery Babylon comes to an end. The world is burned is renovated for the millennium time for all things is wound up and brought to its fullness and ultimately it's the final uniting of the heavenly bridegroom with his bride. the new Jerusalem descend into course, the curse removed, and God's will done perfectly on earth as it is in heaven. Something we were told to pray about. So, the dispensation of the fullness of time, it connects to other scriptures. Let's see if I have this. Okay. So it it it connects to um you know the fullness of the Gentiles or you know the fullness of time when he said it when in the in the fullness of time God sent forth his son for his first coming his first advent. So likewise time reaches its fullness when he comes the second time. And so then Paul also reveals a time that's way out in the future, way out in the eternals where that he describes the end where Christ will actually deliver up the kingdom to the father having put down all rule and authority and that will then finalize the dispensation of the fullness of time. So that's when of course God becomes all in all and that simply means redemption is now over &gt;&gt; complete &gt;&gt; because man is redeemed. All mankind is saved that is going to be saved. The rest are cast in the lake of fire &gt;&gt; and then of course of course the earth is then redeemed and of course then then God becomes all in all. In other words, it's not that Jesus is no more relevant. is just that his office of redeemer is now complete &gt;&gt; and he's he steps now from being kinsman redeemer to being all in all &gt;&gt; now. So now we're going to look back at this quotation. Are you tired yet? All right, I'm doing pretty good on time. So here we go. So, we're going to look at this future to home in in Ephesians 1:10. He's called is, if you're putting it down, Ephesians 1:10. It's not called a dispensation, not the seventh day. It's called the fullness of time. When the fullness of time has come, that when time has been fulfilled, when there's no more time, you go, then you go into eternity. After the seven church age is over, Anodas Luther's age is over, Methodist age is over, Pentecostal age is over, and now you go into what? Eternity? No more sevens, no more no more threes, no more other there in eternity where there's no much such thing as times, numbers, and things. All right. So, Brother Brandham is using in this sermon some powerful typology to show the end of time as we know it and the ushering in of eternity. And he says, "When there's no more time, then you go into eternity after the seventh church age is over." And it is. Now, at first glance, this sounds like he's declaring the seventh church age, Leodysa, is over. But you read carefully, he is speaking prophetically about the end result of God's redemptive timeline, not current, not the current chronological status. So men are misplacing this quote, using it to mean that the bride has already left the church ages, has been caught up in the ages already in eternity. But I want you to see he's describing the future eternal day. &gt;&gt; What the Bible calls the fullness of time. This is not the seventh day millennial reign. The millennium is a thousand years long. And during it, the earth is still in time. All right. And the millennium is the seventh day in God's redemptive week. But after the church ages is over, past Luther's age, past the Methodist age, past the Pentecostal age, past the Leodysian age, even past the millennium itself, time will fully finally fully reach its end. &gt;&gt; All right. When the millennium closes, the earth moves into eternity, which the scripture sometimes calls the eighth day. Yet, it's not a literal eighth day. It's just time repeated, &gt;&gt; you know, or or I meant I meant to say it's not a literal eighth day, just as if time is repeated. But it's God's redemptive week. It only has seven days. And when they're fulfilled, there'll be no more cycle of time to turn over. &gt;&gt; The eth day is symbolic. It means a new beginning &gt;&gt; beyond the boundaries of time. &gt;&gt; It is a day when time shall be no more. when creation steps in one great unending eternal day and where the ages are complete, when time has ceased and God's redeemed dwell in a timeless glory of the new heavens and the new earth. Now notice the next paragraph. And now you now you you go or or excuse me, I want to back this up. You see this last sentence here? And Now you go into what? Eternity. No more threes, no more other. There eternity where there's no such thing as numbers and times and things. And you think, what is he talking about? Well, in his sermon, he has emphasized that there are threes in God's numerology. Three steps to the birth. Water, blood, and spirit. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. There are sevens such as seven church ages and seven seals and seven vows, seven trumpets. But when the eternal day dawns, there's no such thing as time, months, days or weeks. There will be no new births in three stages. Redemption is over. &gt;&gt; There will be no number of ages. So no more sevens. Time is over. &gt;&gt; All right. So when there's no more time then you go into eternity. Notice when there's no more time then you go into eternity. And we saw that when after the seventh church age is over and it is when what did he say? when you go into eternity. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Which will be after the ages are over, &gt;&gt; after the Pentecostal age is over. The method is that all the ages are over and we're through with numbers and time. &gt;&gt; We go into eternity. &gt;&gt; So, so there there will be time no more. Now it's now the eternals in the when when this happened is now the eternals in the heaven and the new heavens and the earth. So in the next verse or shall I call it paragraph he says or after time has been fulfilled. So now he's still talking about the same thing after time has been fulfilled all sin is gone taken away at the millennium at the great white throne judgment. He's going through all of these sequence of events. A tied by the Holy Ghost after the world is on fire and baptized. It's baptism of holy fire from heaven. All sin is gone. All germs is gone. All devils is gone. All imp temptation gone. All evil is gone type. Now then what does God do? He can sit on the earth because all sin &gt;&gt; is gone. &gt;&gt; So here's the key. He's not placing us beyond Leodysian time. He's looking ahead to when time itself ends after the millennium, the great white throne, the purging of the earth by fire. That's when the fullness of times, Ephesians 1:10, comes in. Time is over. When the earth enters into the eternal day after the millennium now, of course, we reach fullness of time when we are changed in a moment, twinkling of an eye. &gt;&gt; But the earth goes on in time. And so it is after sin, death, temptation, the curse is entirely removed. Not just merely spiritually but literally and finally. So it means what he means is that each of the denominational ages Luther Wesley Pentecost they've all served their purpose. &gt;&gt; Those systems have run out. &gt;&gt; The organized movements are no more valid as channels of truth. They are over in time in the terms of God's use of them. But the leodysian time period remains until the rapture removes the bride and ends the age. So as we look at it is this call is a spiritual call to come out of leodysian condition lukewarmness self-righteousness blindness man-made tradition the physical rapture the only true exit from Leodysian age itself. Now, so now the bride of course is called out of the Leodysian condition, not out of the Leodysian age. The Leodysian age is the last. There is no eighth age. When brother Brandon says the church age is over, he's prophetically speaking of the end of denominational system looking ahead to the consummation of time. The bride remains on the earth in the Leodysian time period until the rapture takes her physically out. The term fullness of time, Ephesians 1:10, refers to the entrance into eternity after the millennium and the final judgment when time as a measure ceases and God tabernacles on a purified earth. &gt;&gt; Amen. What a day that will be. &gt;&gt; So what did he mean in the future home? He was speaking prophetically, positionally, looking to the completion of God's redemptive timeline, including church age, the rapture, tribulation, ending with the battle of Armageddon, the millennium, the seventh day, the white throne judgment, the final purging of the earth, the entrance of the into eternity, the eighth day. And when he says after the seventh church age is over and it is, he's speaking from the viewpoint of the finished work, the eternal day where in time where time and prophetic purpose is fulfilled and no longer measured by sevens or threes, but positionally and experience experientially at this moment we are still in the Leodysian age. And it's important that we understand that. &gt;&gt; Amen. So you you see the age will soon end by translation. Now, so several weeks later, if you um in August of 1964, he preaches on the future home that we've been reading from. And then in question answers at the end of August, he is being asked questions. And somebody has caught this statement and maybe people have already began to run with it. we've already left the age. &gt;&gt; And so they ask him a question. Brother Brandham, have you made statements recently? And it would have to be back future home. &gt;&gt; You know that the church ages has ended Leodysia. And he said, "No, I never said it's ended. If I did, you misunderstood or I said it wrong. This is the last church age. It is the end of the church ages. The le oysia. It hasn't ended. When it ends, the church is gone. So long as the church is here, it hasn't ended. &gt;&gt; Now, so as we look at this, brother Brandham, have you made statements recently? No. I never said it's ended. If I did, you misunderstood or I said it wrong. This is the last church age. It's the end of the church ages. The lay of the age. It hadn't ended. When it ends, the church is gone. As long as the church is here, it hasn't ended. &gt;&gt; Now, so here the key point is the age has reached its last phase, but it hasn't ended. Why? Because the bride hadn't been taken in a rapture. &gt;&gt; The end of the age comes with the departure of the bride, not before. Now I want to go here some key points. The church age continues to the rapture. The bride is called out spiritually, yes, but not physically removed until the rapture. The tribulation does not begin until the bride is gone. After that, the seventh day, the millennial reign. Then comes the eighth and eternal day with the new heavens and the new earth. So where are we at now? We're living in the final moments of the Leodysian age. The bride is being called out of Leodysian lukewarmness. She's no part of its system. and and uh spirit of Leodysia. She's still present in the age, awaiting her change. Only the rapture will end the age for her. Until then, she walks in the light of the revealed word. Separated in spirit, but not yet separated in time. So, we look at the conclusion. What did brother Brandham not say? What brother Brandham did not say? That the Leodysian age is over. That the bride's no longer in the seventh age, and that we've entered into another age. what he did say. We are presently living in the final age. Leodysia, the bride's called out of Leodysia condition. The age will only end when the bride is raptured. The tribulation begins after her departure and the age goes into chaos. Then the end of the church ages as referenced in the future home speaks of the consummation of all things and interest in eternity, not the present moment. So as we look at this in the sermon, brother Brandham actually talks about the great city. And you know, how can an artist really pick out what it really looks like? It's got gates of pearls, 12 gates. Brother Brandham said, "It's a pyramid-like mountain. Christ is the light. You know, it's it it's a prepared city for prepared people. But brother Brandham draws an illustration on the blackboard and he talks about the length, breadth, and height. And he's really just talking about the the new Jerusalem will not be a cube. It would be like a pyramid. In fact, he calls it my holy mountain. So it'll be pyramid shape as a city comes up and it and it goes up as we have it showed and no notice um uh the pyramid he said there's another measure besides a cube that that proves it and and and he says this being this way would answer exactly to Enoch's sign in Egypt the pyramid now it is said that Enoch built the pyramid now there's arguments among people about that and so on like that. But you know again uh there was in the great pyramid it was not a barrel tomb. There was no body ever found in it. It was it was a temple &gt;&gt; and it was a structure that was built and the word pyramid actually in Egyptian means the place of ascension. And as brother Brandham said, it was never capped. And because it speaks of a future time where the capstone is coming and when the capstone is come, the bride will be complete. It'll be time for the ascension. So if you're looking at this sign, the pyramid in it before the analytia and destruction when justification was coming in, he brought forth the sign and this pyramid is seven steps. In this pyramid is seven steps going to the king's chamber. Watch on the seventh step. If you ever study the dimensions of the pyramid, what comes out to take the oncomer to introduce the king, watch those stations that are standing there and you'll see the day you're living in the pyramid. So he says the pyramid has seven steps and on the seventh step then there is someone that comes out to introduce you to the king on the seventh step. &gt;&gt; Now watch and he says you watch those stations of these steps and you'll see the day you're living in in the pyramid. Now watch watch as he says it. And notice how beautiful in this pyramid with seven steps, then the king's chamber and we're in the seventh church age before the king takes his throne. And remember, the pyramid never had a capstone on it. And the capstone we know is coming crying grace, grace. So I want you to see as he sums up his sermon past these other statements, he declares, "We are in the seventh church age before the king takes the throne. &gt;&gt; We are here now in the place of ascension, &gt;&gt; the rapture age, rapture hour." Isn't that beautiful? &gt;&gt; Now, notice as as I want to I want to take just a moment on this because I still got some time. We have um the the pyramid. The pyramid doesn't actually have seven steps up to the king's chamber as you envision it like seven steps. But the Grand Galley walls are built using seven corballed courses each progressively pro projecting inward creating a narrowing effect as you ascend. However, these are not individual steps in the traditional sense but like more like the series of ledges that contribute to the overall structure of the gallery. The king's chamber itself doesn't have a stairway staircase with seven steps directly leading to it. So but however there are seven corbals as it's called you know or stations as brother Benham called. He says you come up the seventh one and that's where that the messenger comes out to greet the oncomer to introduce and usher him into the presence of the king. And that's where we're at in the seventh age where we're being ushered into the presence of the king. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. What a promise that is. Now the question goes on and brother Brand says, "Oh, the church age is ending and is backed out and the bride's called and we've already entered into the tribulation period." No, no, no, no. You're I wish I could just have more time on that. The bride when she's taken from the church, the church age will cease. Leodysia goes into chaos. The bride goes to glory. The tribulation period sets in upon the sleeping virgin for three and a half years while Israel is getting his prophecy. Then the tribulation sets in upon Israel. And when then comes the battle of Armageddon which destroys all things. And then the bride returns back with the groom for a thousand years, the millennial reign. And after comes that comes the white throne judgment. After that comes the new heavens and new earth, the new city coming down from God out of heaven. Eternity and time blends together. So, let's break that down. The church age continues to the rapture. The bride, when she's taken from the church, then the church age will cease. The church age is not over yet. It ends only when the bride is raptured, taken physically from the earth. As long as the bride is here, we're still in the Leodysian age. After the rapture, Leodysia falls into chaos. Leoticia, as brother Brandham said, goes into chaos. The bride goes to glory. After the bride is removed, the remaining church system Leodysia descends into confusion and judgment. This is the false sleeping church. The foolish virgin left behind. This is the absence. The absence of the bride's influence leaves Leodysia spiritually bankrupt and vulnerable. And the gentile dispensation ends. Here's the key point. The spiritual life leaves with the bride and what remains is subject to strong delusion and judgment. And that all happens in the tribulation period. &gt;&gt; Now let's carry this one more. Okay. So now we look at this and we see the tribulation begins after the rapture. &gt;&gt; Now notice, remember, he's going to separate the chaff from the wheat, and that which is left behind will be burned with unquenchable fire. &gt;&gt; Now, some may be sent into judgment on to hell. I'm not going to even argue that point, but they're going to go into the fire of tribulation &gt;&gt; for further purging. I'll tell you this, you don't want to be left behind. &gt;&gt; So, the tribulation have begins after the rapture and the and the tribulation period sets in upon the sleeping virgin for three and a half years. So, tribulation does not begin until the bride is gone. These three and a half years affect the gentile world and the foolish virgins. Those who missed the call but were not hostile to the truth. They must face purification through suffering. The Bible said they will wash their robes in the blood of the lamb and make them white. They had already done works of sanctification and they got to go because they did not receive the fullness of the spirit and they rejected the word which was their atonement, the full atonement. Then they got to go into tribulation for further purging. You don't go into tribulation for further purging because you have been accounted worthy to stand before the son of man, the word of God, and be judged now and separated the chap from your life. And you go into the rapture, escaping the judgment. But then comes the seventh day, the millennium, and then the judgment. And after that, the eighth day of eternity dawn. Now then the tribulation turns toward Israel while Israel is getting his prophecy. The seventh trumpet sounds to them which is the revealing of their Messiah. The revealing of the coming of Christ to them just like our seventh seal is the revealing of Christ to us the word. Then here when their trumpet sounds and they are called from from the atonement of uh you know people are talking about well they're going to sacrifice red heers you know all the red heers in the world will not take away sin. &gt;&gt; Amen. The blood of bulls and goats could never take away sin. So they're going to by their prophets be taken and shown what the true atonement is &gt;&gt; and that was Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; and that will be revealed by the by Moses and Elijah which by the way it represents the fullness of law Moses and prophets. So the whole Old Testament encapsulated into a ministry, two witnesses that will go forth and they will do what? They will they will literally turn their hearts there to receive the son Jesus Christ. So you see what they will do in this Israel gets his prophecy and the tribulation which is also called the times of Jacob's trouble sets in upon Israel. During the tribulation, God begins dealing with Israel as prophesied in Daniel 9:27. And and the great tribulation lasts three and a half years. Focuses heavily on Israel's purging and preparation for the me messianic return, the Messiah return. Now, we believe that already that the first half of the 70th week has been fulfilled. and it was fulfilled in Christ's ministry and he was the sacrifice that was cut off. Then came the times of the gentile and the times of Israel will pick up again with the revealing of the atonement to the Jews. &gt;&gt; Now actually these prophets do the same thing as our prophet did to us and that was to what? Return us back to the original atonement. bringing back the original new birth, the coming of the Holy Spirit, not a portion, but all of the word in power. And so again, when you look at this, you're seeing Israel getting his prophecy tribulation period. God begins dealing with them. The great tribulation is seven is not seven years. We've already had the first half of that. The Messiah was cut off. The was rejected. Time turned to the Gentiles. We've had seven church ages. And now they pick up for their last three and a half years which focuses on Israel's purging and preparation for the M messiah's return. And I'll just say this, if you'll look into the Bible and if you will examine the scripture, there's not one time in the book of Revelation that refers to seven years of tribulation. It refers to a time times and a half which time is one year times is two years and a half times that's three and a half years. It it does not it refers to 1,23 score days which again divided by 360s which is in the the Jewish calendar you have three and a half years. So all through the Bible you know it it it declares for the tribulation is three and a half years. Now, there are those that want to argue and say, "Well, no, there's seven years of tribulation that is ahead and that's what they're going to have and and and and what are you know, I really don't care." &gt;&gt; It's not a point of argument to me because this is the way I feel about it. &gt;&gt; If there are seven years of tribulation, I leave before the tribulation and I get an extra three and a half years of the marriage supper of the lamb. And and you say, "Well, brother Timmy, we got to understand all about Israel there." No, we don't. We have We need to understand what our message is &gt;&gt; and how to get out of here so the gospel can return to the Jews. &gt;&gt; See, many times people will chafe and trying to make it all these numbers up on Daniel 70s and we got to make this fit and all of this and what what we got to understand is not our message. &gt;&gt; That's right. And that takes the burden off of you. &gt;&gt; It's not our message. &gt;&gt; It's for us to understand. That's for the Jews. It had to be placed. &gt;&gt; You know, Joshua going into the land. Let me take a moment and say this. Joshua going into the land. And he was he was told the definition of the borders. &gt;&gt; He says, "Your borders will be here, here, here, here. Go to the river. You afraid Jesus. It'll come back this way." And he describes it all. But he says, "Now, Mount Sier, don't touch that. I've given that to Esau." He said, "Now the land of Moab, don't you bother them. I've given that to the children of Lot. &gt;&gt; That's their inheritance." &gt;&gt; So there are things in the Bible that are not our inheritance. &gt;&gt; Our inheritance is not the tribulation. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Our inheritance is not the 144,000. &gt;&gt; What is our inheritance? To be the bride of Jesus Christ, the manifested sons and daughters of God. That's our inheritance. So, you know, you want to have answers to everything that's going on, all the details, and God says that ain't even for you to know. &gt;&gt; That's for them. And I'll reveal it to them under their prophet's ministry. And do you realize when their prophets come up and they and this and that fifth seal is open to them and then they're over there crying, but you know my great grandma and grandpa and they died in the Holocaust and they were killed for the testimony that they held and they tried to hold to the law of Moses and all these truths that they knew and they walked in the light they knew and they're all lost because they didn't receive the Messiah. And them prophets that come back out and say, "Oh, no. They are given white robes &gt;&gt; under the fifth seal." Amen. They were saved people, redeemed people. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because of the testimony which they held, even though they didn't recognize Christ because Israel was blinded and it wasn't time, but now's the season. And now you must recognize your day and its hour and recognize your Messiah. And don't you realize then what a rejoicing that will be when we realize grandma didn't die &gt;&gt; go to hell. She died believing and she come up believing. She'll be a part of the great resurrection. &gt;&gt; She's a part of the redeemed. Her name's in the book. &gt;&gt; Don't you love it? &gt;&gt; Now Armageddon follows the the great tribulation. Then comes the battle of Armageddon. And I'm still quoting brother Brandham from this quote which destroys all things. So after the tribulation, the nations gather against Jerusalem. Already Israel is the troublesome stone that all nations are stumbling over. &gt;&gt; They got to they got to resolve the problem in the Middle East to have peace in the world. And so they will come against Jerusalem according to the Bible. Uh Christ returns with his bride and defeats the armies of the earth. That's Revelation 19. Now some people say we're already in Revelation 19. That's an error. That's a lie. They're misplacing the scripture. Sure, we are spiritually following Christ and his word with the armies following him and all that, but that that's like saying we're in the millennium because, you know, right now we, you know, sin nature no longer rules in us and we've eaten of the tree of life. And so we we uh we're now in in our Sabbath rest by the Holy Ghost. And we when when the enemy rises up, the lion rise up. Well, we just say down boy in the lamb. You know, he'll lay down by the lamb. And you know, there's peace in the valley. And so we're in the millennium. You're not in the millennium. &gt;&gt; I know. We're already in eternity. We're over in this eternal day. You're in a fantasy land. &gt;&gt; You're in the dirty here and now. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. You're having a battle. You're having to overcome Leodysia and its darkness and his lukewarmness. You're in a battle. &gt;&gt; You're not in the eternal day. What my soul is, it always was. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; We always was eternal. &gt;&gt; And besides that, our new birth places us there. We are now seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. We're already resurrected. &gt;&gt; We're already enthroned. But don't go to spiritualizing that to the point to say, "Well, the resurrection's passed." &gt;&gt; See, that's what the devil wants to do. And because of this, there were men like Himenius and Felitus that rose up and Paul turned them over to Satan that they learned not to blaspheme because they were preaching using Paul's using Paul's quotes saying the resurrection is passed &gt;&gt; because they spiritualized it. And that's why people spiritualize in Revelation chapter 4. Revelation 4, you don't spiritualize that. Sure, we're caught up, see with eagle eyes, see things that other ages hadn't. We're caught into heavenly places. We see things. But friends, we haven't left Leodysia to go there. We are here in the Leodysian age where it is revealed by the eagle to us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, you know, don't don't pretend to live in some fantasy land that we're not we're not there. We are here in this Leodysian age, you know, looking for the rapture. Don't misplace it. Or, you know, you maybe I won't do it. Maybe there's not a Paul here to do it. But God had turned you over to Satan that you learn not to blasphe &gt;&gt; because the Bible said they had caused shipwreck &gt;&gt; saying the resurrection was passed. Now, as we come here, this ushers in the millennium. The bride returns for the millennium. So, this is why we're coming back at that battle of Armageddon. We're taking the world over. &gt;&gt; At this point, his feet will literally touch the earth. I want you to get this. He does not physically return to the earth for the rapture. We meet him in the air. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; All right. So, what what is the air? is the space expanded to redeem us. It's the expansion of redemption. And so as we meet him in the in the air and as I've said, we got to have the right atmosphere to meet him there. And so so he comes to the earth. The Bible said his feet will stand on the Mount of Olive and when it does it'll cleave in two. There'll be a great earthquake. Uh the Bible said, you find this in the book of Zechariah. And it said, "The Lord thy God will come and all his saints with him." This is the battle of Armageddon. And this is when we come to take the earth back over again. Right now, we go through the world and we're pilgrims and strangers. &gt;&gt; But we know this is our home. But we're like Abraham was when he was given the land, but was not yet possessor of it. So he walks through it all to look at what he has and builds altars of worship on it. But he can't possess it as his own until the iniquity of the Amorites are full. And when the iniquity of the Amorites are full, God brings them in to possess the land. And we're living in the day where the iniquity of the Amorites are now full. So the raptured saints return with Christ to reign on the earth for a thousand years. Satan is bound during this time. Peace and rap righteousness fill the earth. Then comes the great white throne judgment. After that comes the white throne judgment. The final judgment of the wicked dead occurs at after the millennium. And I want you to get this. Men will be judged according to deeds that are done in the body. The church will stand there, not the bride, the church, the foolish virgins will stand there judged according to what they did with the light. That some will be given life. Some will go enter into death. Those who are not not found in the book of life are cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. So here we come, you know, right down toward the end. So here comes the final rebellion. And of course, this is the final rebellion where Gog and Magog comes in this book of Revelation. Now I want you to understand this is not the same Gog and Magog Russia spoke of in the book of Ezekiel. This is spoke of in the book of revelation. It's also the name for the battle that will come. And he said when the thousand years are expired, Satan will be loosed out of his prison. So he is bound for a thousand years not with log chains but chains of circumstances. He can't he will only be limited as to what he can do. &gt;&gt; All right? He will be chained for a thousand years and he will be loosed out of his prison. During this time of this thousand years, brother Brandham tells us that the heathen will be raised for an for our inheritance. He said people who never heard the gospel will will come and and it will be among them that you will see possibly among them they you know a child will die at 100 years old. Possibly among them there will be children that are born you know dur during that time possibly. Brother Brandham said looks like it could be looks like it didn't. I don't know. So we're saying possibly. So you know during during this time but we know there will be somebody we will rule and reign over, &gt;&gt; right? And so God will raise up the heathen that never heard. And then at and then they will go out and deceive those nations which are in the four corners of the earth, Gog and Magog to gather them together to battle the number of them of whom is the sand of the sea. So at the end there's going to be a final rebellion. It'll be a rebellion of these that were raised up in the tribulation period. And they went up to the breath of the earth and compassed the camp of the saints about and the beloved city. And fire came down from God out of heaven devoured them. And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone where the beast and false prophet are and shall be tormented day and night forever and ever. So this of course is in Satan where you will narrowly look down upon him who has deceived nation that caused all the trouble and says is this the man is this the worm is this the thing that bothered me look at him now &gt;&gt; you're going to stand triumphant the bride of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; as you sit with Christ in judgment finally there comes a new heavens and the new earth eternity begins after that comes the new heavens new earth the new coming down from God out of heaven. Eternity and time blends together. The cleansed earth becomes God's eternal dwelling place. The new Jerusalem descends and God tabernacles with men forever. This is the eighth or eternal day. &gt;&gt; So let's go through this clearly. God's redemptive week is seven days, which equals about 7,000 years. one day with the Lord says a thousand years. Thousand years is one day. The earth has existed under 6,000 years of human governments. Six prophetic days. And we're near the end of the sixth day. How many can say the end amen to that? &gt;&gt; Now, we're not talking about age. We're talking about day. &gt;&gt; So, in the God's redemptive week, we are in the sixth day. Day one through four for the first 4,000 years was from Adam to Christ. Day five to six was, you know, those 4,000 to 6,000 years from Christ to the is to the church ages, the gentile dispensation. Day seven is a 7,000, the millennial reign. The it's a Sabbath rest for the earth. The Bible said there remainth a s rest, a Sabbath to the people of God. So there will be a Sabbath rest where the earth will rest for a thousand years. is a seventh day. And and let me just tell you um you know during that Sabbath rest um you know a millennial a millennium there it it will be a time of peace on the earth where we'll rule and reign with Christ for this thousand years. It is the earth is still in time because it is in time for a thousand years. So it's not in eternity yet. It's in still in time. And then of course the eighth day which is a new beginning beyond time. Leviticus 23:36 on the eighth day shall be a holy convocation. It is a solemn assembly. So this eighth day is not a part of time as we know it. There are only seven days in the week. So this eighth day is symbolic. It speaks of a new he a new heavens and earth. A holy convocation where no survile work is done. A day without end eternity. So this is where the earth enters into eternity. The earth is purged and time ends. And I saw a new heavens and a new earth for the first heavens and the first earth were passed away. And I John saw the holy city new Jerusalem coming down from God out of heaven. So the seventh day ends with the white throne judgment. It begins then begins the eighth day of purified earth. No more seed, no more sin, no more sorrow. The eighth day is a moment when time ends and eternal begins. The new Jerusalem, the the dwelling place of the lamb, and his bride descends. And the lamb is the light thereof. And the bride who is born of eternity, she's called out during the sixth day in the seventh church age. reigns with him during the seventh day, the millennium, dwells with him forever in the eighth day, the new heavens and earth. She is a city, a prepared people for a prepared place. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Isn't that wonderful? So, there's no such thing as an eighth day in natural time, but there is an eternity, the unending day. Creation to Christ day 1-4. churches days 5- six millennial day seven the eternity the eighth day beyond time a return to eternity and I John saw the holy city new Jerusalem coming down from God out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband and I heard a great voice out of heaven saying behold the taberna tacle of God is with men and he will dwell with them and they shall be his people and God himself shall be with them and be their God and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes and there will be no more death neither sorrow nor crying neither shall there be any more pain for the former things are passed away &gt;&gt; hallelujah from time back to eternity. Aren't you glad to be living in this age? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And this time, let's stand together. Let the musicians come. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that song. In that city where the lamb is the light. in that city where there cometh no night. I have a mansion over there and it's free from toll and care. Amen. I'm going where the lamb is li. There's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. And if we're faithful, we shall go there right by in the city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, that city where they're coming tonight. [Applause] [Music] Where the lamb is alive. There we have here we have our days of sunshine. And we know that the sun that shines upon us now so bright. We'll be changing clouds until we go to that city where the land is alive. In that city where the lamb is alive. Oh that city where there cometh no [Music] mansion over there. Oh I'm going where the land is alive. Here we have our disappointments all the while in our fondest hopes bitter life. Oh by night we weep the morning brings a smile. In that city where the lamb is the lie. Oh that city where the lamb is the lie. I see where come now [Music] over there. I'm going where the we'll see again in that city. In that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming notion over there. Oh, I'm going where the lamb is alive. And our Lord is coming back to earth again. Yes, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Satan will remember a thousand years will have no tempt. [Music] Yes, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Yes, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Satan will be bound a thousand years. We'll have no tempt after Jesus will come back again. Oh, our Lord is coming back to earth again. [Music] Yes, our Lord is coming back. [Music] Saints will be found. Thousand years will happen temp after Jesus shall come back again. Gladly may we herald the message of his blessed appearing. Soon he's coming in glory tell one and all. Then awake ye saints of the Lord. Why slumber when the end is nearing? But get ready for the final call. Oh, gladly may we herald the message of his blessed appearing. Soon he's coming in glory. Tell the one and all. Oh then awake ye saints of the Lord. I slumber when the end is nearing, but get ready for the final call. We're longing for the glory that awaits the faithful. Who shall overcome and every conflict win the onward the prize is life eternal to all who win the fight over sin. And gladly may we the message of his blessing. Oh, soon he's coming in glory. Tell the one and all. Then awake saints of the Lord rise up. Oh, but get ready for the final call. We see the signs appearing of his blessed coming. Lo behold the fig now becoming free. The goel is king has gone to every nation that we're near the end can be seen. Oh gladly may we hear the message. Oh soon his coming in glory tell the one and all sort of the end. Oh, but get ready for the final. Sing it again. Laughing, laughing mayheel the message. Oh, service coming in glory tell one and all. Then awake saints to the Lord in his spirit. But get ready for a final call. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. this afternoon. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I love the new songs, but I like the old ones, too. Amen. There's a lot of truth in those songs written, some of them over a hundred years ago. Looking for his coming then. We could say we're closer now than we were then. Amen. Enjoy the word this morning. Amen. How brother Tim was able to Amen. through the grace of God, just lay it all out of where we are, where we're going. Amen. Where we need to be. And Amen. Amen. I'm certainly thankful for a balanced word in our day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As we go this morning, let's just sing that song. Everybody will be happy over there. Amen. Amen. We're thankful for that. Oh, everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. We will shout and sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy over there. And there's a happy man from over in the great beyond. Where the savior births just the glory share and where the souls of men shall enter live on forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. Andbody will be happy. will be happy over there. And we will shout and sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy over there. And mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers will be singing around the throne in that land where no one ever knows a care. [Music] And the Christians of all ages will join the triumph song. Everybody will be happy over there. [Music] Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. And we will shout and sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy over there. And there we met the one who came and kept us by his grace and who brought us to that land so bright and fair. And we will praise his name forever as we look upon his face. Everybody will be happy over there. And everybody will be happy will be happy over there. Oh, and sing God's praise. Amen. God bless you in Christmas over there. I'm singing everybody. You will be happy. will be happy over there and we will shout and sing God's
