################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - Predestinated for Quickening Power - Bro. Joe Adams on August 31, 2025 - Joe Adams.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-31
Title:   Predestinated for Quickening Power - Bro. Joe Adams on August 31, 2025
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZejjqUXXU8Q
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Are [Music] [Music] [Music] Do it again. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] You do so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. And you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no say you are great. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running. Oh, it's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you. Oh, your goodness is running. Yes, it's run. Say it again. Your goodness, your goodness is running after. Is running after me. Your goodness is running. Oh, it's running after me. With my life laid down. [Music] Oh, I give you everything. Your goodness is running. Oh, it's running after me. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am aable, oh I will sing of the goodness. Oh and all my life say all my life. Oh, can you just tell them you've been so good, Lord? And all my life you have been so so good. Miss every breath that I that I am able. Oh, of the goodness. With all of my love, with every breath, say now, with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I stand amazed in the presence [Music] of Jesus the Nazeri and wonder how he could love me. A sinner condemned unclean. Lord, you say, "How marvelous, how wonderful and my song shall ever be. Oh, how marvelous, how wonderful is my savior, your love for me." Oh, how marvelous. Yes, how marvelous, how wonderful, and my song shall ever be, how marvelous, how wonderful. Amen. He took my sins. Aren't you thankful for that for me? And he took my sin and my sorrows and made them his very own. He bore to burden to Calary and suffered and died alone. And how marvelous, how wonderful and my song shall ever be. How oh how wonderful is my say yours love for when with ransom and when with redome in glory his face I at last shall sing will be my song through the ages to sing of his love for me. Oh, how marvelous, how wonderful my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my say your love for me. Oh, sing it again now. Say, how marvelous, how wonderful in my song shall ever be. How Oh, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. I have good news to bring. And that is why I sing. All the joy with you I'll share. Boy, I'm going to take a trip on that good old gospel ship and go sailing through the air. Oh, I'm going to take a trip on that good old gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. Oh, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring. While I bid this world goodbye. [Applause] And I can scarcely wait. I know I'll not be late. For I spend all my time in prayer. And when my ship comes in, I leave this world of sin and go sailing through the air. Oh. Amen. Let's all stand together. That good old gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. [Music] Oh, until the heavens ring. while I bid this world goodbye. And if you're ashamed of me, you have no cost to me. For with Christ, I am a name. If too much fault you find, you'll surely be left behind. while I'm sailing through the air. Oh, I'm going to take a trip that good old gospel ship. I'm going far beyond the sky. And I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring as I live this world could sing again now. Say, I'm going to take a trip in that good old gospel ship. Going far beyond the sky. I'm going to shout and sing. Oh, as I live this world goodbye. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Everybody praise. Oh, everybody ought to pray. Oh, clap your hands. Everybody clap your hands. Clap your hands everybody. Oh, clap your hands. Clap your hands. Oh, clap your hands everybody. Clap your hands. And Jesus told the people that wouldn't praise out loud that if they didn't praise him, the rocks would cry out. I'd never let a mountain or shout in my place. There ain't a rock that can sing amazing praise. Sing the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord, everybody. [Music] Yes, everybody. Ox. Oh, somebody say, I am healed, everybody. I am healed. I am healed, everybody. I am healed. I am healed. Everybody. Oh, everybody. I am healed. King David was dancing on Mount Zion's hill. His wife looked down upon him and told him to be still. He said, "Hey, look. Well, I'm not going to change. You can give this to and you can't take it away. So dance for joy. Everybody will dance for joy. Everybody dance for. Oh, everybody dance for. Yes. Everybody ought to dance. And you wonder why I'm happy and why I keep and shout. Oh, I've been getting in on this end time pouring out. Get rid of your tradition. Lay aside all your doubts. Get closer to this. Oh, where the glory's coming out and praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Why don't you turn to your neighbor and tell them, say, I am free, everybody. Oh, I am free. I am free, everybody. I am free. I am free, everybody. I am free. Oh, oh, say I am. Sing it again. I am free everybody. I Oh, I am free everybody. I am. Yes, I am free. Oh, I am free everybody. I am free. Hallelujah. Are you free this morning? Amen. Amen. Amen. We're here to praise the Lord again. Amen. He's wonderful. He's wonderful. Oh, welcome, Holy Spirit. And we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence [Music] and fill us with your power, Lord. Live inside. You're the living water and you're the living water. You're the never trying fountain, our comforter and counelor. Oh, take complete control and welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. and say it again. You're the living water. Yes. You're the living water. You're the never drying fountain, our comforter and counelor. Oh, take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] We are in your presence and fill us with your power [Music] and live inside of me. [Music] We lift our hands to worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one, will come into the temple and hold us in your arms. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your praise. Lord, fill us with your power [Music] and live inside of me. [Music] Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks [Music] because he's given Jesus Christ. Oh, give thanks. Give thanks with a grateful heart. [Music] All to the holy one. Give thanks. [Music] Oh Jesus Christ. His son came now. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say, "I am rich." Because of what the Lord has done. Oh, for us in Oh, say I am strong. Oh, we love you, Lord. I am rich for you. Oh, can we sing it one more time? Now and now. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. because of what has done. Hallelujah. Lord, we come to you this morning, Father, Lord, with thankful hearts that you would give us another opportunity to worship you, Lord. Lord, another time that we could set aside and just focus solely on you, Father, and all that you've done for us, Lord. Lord, we look forward to that day that we take that trip on that gospel ship as we sang about, Lord. Lord, our hearts cry, even so, come, Lord Jesus, come. But Lord, as we're here on this earth, Lord, I pray you'll reveal what you would have us to do. and Lord that you would use our lips and our vessels, Father, for your glory. Be with the songs that are sung this morning, Lord. Be with the ministry of the word, Father, as Brother Joe has prepared, Lord, and Lord, given of his time and his efforts and his gift back unto you, dear God. I pray you'll bless it, Lord, and move across the congregation this morning, Father. Lord, we believe that you're here to heal, Lord. Lord, we believe that you're here to set free and deliver to live, Father. Lord, I pray that our faith will rise, Lord, and that each one, Lord, will leave better than when we came, Lord. But not only that, that you'll move across the wayward ones, Lord. Lord, that you'll reach into the highways and the byways, and you'll compel to come, Father. Lord, maybe it would be through our faith or our testimony, however you would do it, Lord. Lord, we want that last one to come home, Father. Lord, we want to see your blessed face, Lord. And Lord, we we just pray, Lord, that whatever we say or do, Father, will bring us one step closer, Lord, to that wonderful time. Be with those that are away, the services, Lord, there in Virginia, very many that are there, those in Dallas, Father, different ones traveling. I pray you'll be with them, Lord. But for each one here, every need that's represented, every hand that's lifted, you see it, Father. Lord, touch and anoint and move. We pray. We pray for Brother Alvin Adams, Lord. A prayer request for him to touch his body. Lord, no doubt there's many others that would need a touch physically, spiritually, Lord, with their family, with their work, Lord. You see the grieving heart, Father. Lord, and I pray you'll come and move. We ask we give ourselves to you. Bless the tithes and the offering, Lord. Be with each one that's here. In Jesus name we pray. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. This is your house. [Music] Oh father, come and dwell. [Music] This is yours. Oh, it's a holy house. It's a holy house. Brothers can take up the offering this morning where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. [Music] Oh, this is your Oh yes, Lord. Come and dwell. Holy Spirit, overflow this place. Holy Spirit, overflow this place. [Music] and decorate our walls with grace and mercy. And let healing and redemption thine searching soul. Oh, have your way. Oh, we humbly pray. Lord, this is your this is your house, Lord. Come and dwell. This is your house, a holy house of prayer. Oh, where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. [Music] Oh yes, Lord. This is your house. Oh, come. You can be seated for a moment as we sing again. Say, we are your house, oh father, come. Is that your desire this morning? Oh, we are your house. Yes. It's a holy house where the wall oh bring their burdens and their care. [Music] [Applause] Oh yes Lord we are your house. Oh, cuz brother Brandon Winters brings a special. Let's sing that one more time. We are your house and we are your house. [Music] Oh father, come and dwell. We are your house. [Music] Oh holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. We are your house Lord. We are your house. Oh, come and pray. [Music] [Music] Not good enough. When he told you you're not right. When he told you you're not strong enough to put up a good fight. When he told you you're not worthy. When he told you you're not love. When he told you you're not beautiful, you'll never be enough. Fear is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear is a liar. You are on your steal your happiness. Cast your fear in the fire. Cuz fear he is a liar. [Music] When he told you you were trouble, you'll forever be alone. When he told you you should run away, you'll never find a home. When he told you you were dirty and you should be ashamed. When he told you you could be the one, the grace could never change. Oh, fear is a liar. [Music] He will take your breath, stop you in your step. Fear is a liar. Cure of your rest. Steal your happiness. Cast your fear in the fire. [Music] Cuz fear he is a liar. [Music] Let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your love is all I fear. Let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your love is all I fear. Let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your love is all I fear. Oh, let your fire fall and cast out all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your love is all I fear. Oh, fear is a liar. [Music] He will take your breath, stop you in your sar. He is a liar. He will rob your seal your happiness. Catch your fear in the fire with fear. He is a liar. [Music] Fear. He is a liar. Hallelujah. Is that your desire this morning? Let your fire come down and cast out all my fear. Amen. Get deep. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, brother Brandon. Hide me now under your wings. Oh, cover me within your mighty hand. When the ocean rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still know you, our God. Hide me now. Sing it again. Oh, hide me now under your wings. and cover. Oh, cover me, Lord. Just cast out all my fear within your might. And when the ocean rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood and I will be still and know you our God. Find rest my soul. Find rest my soul in Christ alone. [Music] Oh no, brother Tim you're special. Oh in his quietness. Oh and trust when the ocean rise and thunderers roar. I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the blood. Oh, and I will be still and know you. Father, you are king. Oh, Father, you are king over the blood. And I will be still and know you are God. [Music] Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. For I am nothing. Oh Lord, I'm nothing. without you. And take my voice and pour it out and let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. For I am nothing. Oh Lord, I'm nothing without you. And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. All the world will see that I am nothing without you and take my body and build it up. May it be broken as an offering of love. For I am nothing. Oh Lord, I'm nothing without you. [Music] And all my soul needs all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without you. and take my time. You're on this earth and let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing, oh Lord, I'm nothing. Oh, without you. [Music] And all my soul needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing. without you. Oh my soul and all my soul [Music] is all your love to cover me. All the world will see that I am nothing without you and take my time. you're on this earth and let it glorify all that you are worth. For I am nothing, oh Lord, I'm nothing without you. And all my soul [Applause] needs is all your love to cover me. So all the world will see that I am nothing without you. and take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you nearly enough. For I am nothing, oh Lord, I'm nothing without you. [Music] Hallelujah. Would you stand and keep worshiping his name? Can you say, "Lord, I'm nothing without you." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All my soul needs this morning, Lord, is for you to cover me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And let your people proclaim you are holy. We tell you you are holy God and we lift up your name and give gloryy. Oh, glory all to you. And let your people proclaim. You are holy. Oh, you are holy, God. And we lift up your name and give gloryy. Oh. Oh, just give him glory this morning. And let your people proclaim, you are holy, Lord, oh God, and we lift up your name, oh yes, Lord, and give gloryy, oh, we give you glory, Father, and let your your holy name. You are holy. Oh, tell him you are. You are holy, God. And we lift up your name and give glory. Oh, glory. Oh, to you. One more time. Let your people proclaim you are holy. Oh tell him you are holy God. And we lift up your name and give glory. Oh glory to your name. Amen. That's what we're here for this morning. To give glory to his name. Hallelujah. Let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we just bow our hearts and our heads to you this morning, Lord. We want to say thank you, Father, for the the atmosphere that we feel already, Lord. Your presence, your anointing is here, Lord. Captivating hearts, captivating lives, Lord. Young and old alike. Father, we feel your presence, Lord. We have sung the songs of Zion, Lord. And Lord, your presence is ushered in on the on the winds of our prayers this morning on the Lord, our praise as we would send up adoration unto you this morning, God. And Lord, we're just captivated by your word, captivated by your presence. And Lord, you would tell us through a prophet ministry that the angel of the Lord accompanies the message. So we invite you this morning, Father, accompany to the word, Lord, your people as assembled together this morning, Lord, not to hear from a man and man's ideas or man's special instructions or interpretations, but Lord, they come to hear from you this morning. So we invite you, God, that you would come and break the bread of life. Speak to us, Lord, know our hearts to receive, our ears to hear. Lord, we just commit our lives to you aresh this morning. Lord, you see those that are sick and body, can't be here. Lord, we just pray you would touch them this morning in a special way, Lord. Lord, bring healing to their bodies, Lord. Recover them from the sickness that's trying to keep them out of the house of God. And just thank you now, Father, as we just turn this service over to you, Lord. We invite you, we invite you to be the guest speaker this morning. We invite your presence now, Lord, to to minister to hearts and lives, however you choose, however you will, Lord. May you have free reign, free course of the service, God. We don't want to hinder you, but Lord, by our unbelief this morning. We don't want to hinder you by traditions. But we invite you, Lord, as you move, move, Lord, as you work, may you just work through us. May you find a willing vessel, a heart that have received the word this morning. Lord, where there would be a shout, Lord, may it not be out of place, but may the shadow of the king be in the camp this morning. May we feel your presence, God, and may we respond to you, Lord. As I hearing the Song of Songs, Lord God, she was leaning, Lord God, on her beloved, and she began to smell like her beloved. Lord, she be to smell this fragrance. Lord, it was on her, Lord. I just pray that your fragrance would be on us this morning, God. your presence to be all around us, on us, in us. Lord God, that you'd be the one that would move through, Lord, in and through this service this morning. We just commit it to you now, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Amen. It was certainly an honor to be here with you this morning. I feel like I feel like a guest minister at home. We're gone so much and we we thank the Lord for that. But it's certainly always an honor and a privilege to be home speaking to the home people. And we see we have Sister Laura Hall's mom with us this morning. God bless you. Welcome. Next time you and I win. We're not going to be defeated. We know what I'm talking about. Next time somebody gets married, we're going to have everything in line. And that purse of hers, it has everything. There's probably the rapture is probably in that purse somewhere. We just didn't have time to dig it out. But we will win next time. This morning, we just want to just kind of go to the word here in Ephesians 1 verse 3 through verse 11. I have several thoughts that I've not ministered here yet. And I've been waiting. Seems like every time I get ready to preach, there comes a thunderstorm or a raincloud and a power goes out. And I just been waiting and waiting till I have some consecutive services so we can preach some of these to you. And thankfully, the Lord has provided that. We're going to speak to you this morning on predestinated for quickening power. Predestinated for quickening power. Just want to take our time this morning. Brother Mike reminded me in the back. We only have one service this morning. Brother Joe, I said, "That's right. That's right. We've heard that for years." So, we just we don't want to we don't want to overburden you, but we do want to share what the Lord has for us this morning. But here in Ephesians 1 says, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places, according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world." Notice now he hath chosen us, not we choose him, but notice where he chose us. In him, in him before the found mercy, in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved, in whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he has abounded toward us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he has purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times, he might gather together in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven, which are on earth, even in him, in whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after his counsel of his own will. God bless you. You can have your seats this morning. Give me a little bit more volume if you don't mind. Uh so we just kind of want to take our time this morning and look at this. I like how brother Brandon would tell us predestination. You know that's a strong word even after you had a prophet come and clearly bring out predestination and state that it's biblical. state how God sees predestination. We find many people still struggle with that term or that word predestination. But the word here, it means that God has decided beforehand. It's marked out in advance eternal destiny of a certain people particularly those who uh whom he elects. And we find here that predestination according to the purpose of him. The Bible says who workketh all things after the counsel of his will. So predestination is not only to sunship but it's also to an inheritance. It secures us in adoption but not only secures us in adoption but it prepares us for a heavenly portion as well. The Bible says that we are already seated in heavenly places. How do we get there? Because of predestination. Predestination. And the prophet of God will tell us that here he says now you know something because he goes let me let me slow down a little bit. He goes, "You're not something because you desire to be something." That's right. You are something. You are what you are by the will of God. So many times we see somebody and it's in us as a young person. We emulate or we we try to strive to be like that person. But here God through a prophet is telling us you are not something because you desire to be something. But you are something because God has already saw you in his thoughts. God had already saw you in his mind. God had already predestinated you for a purpose. So you can be what you desire to be. But you can and you will be what God has predetermined your life to be. And we find that he is he's predestinated us unto the adoption. He's predestinated us unto the quickening power. So we're not something today because we desired it, because we merited it. You know, you're something, but God willed you to be something. That's right. Now, how many of you are the president of the United States of America? None of us. And I hope none of you really desire that. But we find you're not that because it's not in you to be that. But it's in you this morning to be a son and a daughter of God. And that's why you're sitting here this morning. You're not out there in the world. You're not out in some bar. You're not out on some street corner. You're not found in some denominational system. But you are here this morning because before the foundation of the world, he chose you and him. And he predestinated you not just to sit here but to come in this hour in this age to be a part of this church to be a part of the message movement not just a movement but to be a part of him himself. He predestinated you and he's making known to us in this hour the mystery of his will. That word will there means purpose. He is making known to us this morning as the bride of Jesus Christ. the very mystery of his purpose. So we find the Bible would tell us or brother Brandon would tell us that predestination what does it do? It looks back to fornowledge. But because we were fornown of God in his thinking he fornowledge begins to look to our destiny. See so I can tell you this morning your destiny is not defeat. Your destiny is not destruction. Your destiny is not demise. Your destiny is not to struggle with this humanity. Your destiny is not hell and hellfire. But can I tell you this morning, God has predetermined you to be quickened by the word to be quickened, made alive by the spirit of God. It's not just to pacify and drift through life. That's not your purpose. Luke 24:49, the Bible would tell us, "Behold, I send the promise of my father upon you, but ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from my eyes." So, there's a promise of power. There's a promise of a change. Notice he says, "I send the promise of what? Of the father." Now, the father was the logos, the word that dwelt alone by himself. Then we find in Romans 8, if Christ be in you, then the body is dead because of sin. But the spirit is life. And that word life there is Zoey, God's own life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies. Oh, come on. I hope you're looking for that day, church. You know, today our souls have been quickened. We're just waiting on this one to be quickened. We're waiting on this humanity, this flesh to be quickened. Notice, and the Bible would tell us, by his spirit that dwelleth in you. So God's will is his purpose. God's will and his purpose and his desires is his desires and his intentions. So many of us sometimes we want, what is God's purpose for my life? What is God's plan for my life? And you know in Jeremiah, if you'd never read the book of Jeremiah, haven't read it recently, maybe you need to travel through the pages of the book of Jeremiah and see and read there and you look in Jeremiah 29, very familiar scripture to us. And you know, in another service, I'm going to take this scripture here and then just preach a couple sermons on it. But God's telling Jeremiah, "For I know the thoughts that I think towards you." Some of us, you know, we don't think God knows about us. You know, we find ourselves in a trial or difficult situation and we think, well, God's abandoned me. God forgot me. God doesn't know about me. But he tells Jeremiah here, I know the very thoughts that I think towards you. Sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. And this word thought here means plan and purpose. So God knows the plan for your life. God knows the very purpose for you being. And we look here in Romans 9. We're going to kind of build this build this this morning. Romans 9 and verse 11 says, "For the children being not yet born, neither neither having done good or evil, that the purpose or the thoughts of God according to election might stand, not of works, but is of him that calleth." It was said unto her, "The elder shall serve the younger." For it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated. What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? Because he chose Jacob over Esau because he chose you over the world. Maybe you're one out of the only one out of your family that's serving God in the message. Is God unrighteous? No, God's not unrighteous. What shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid. For he said to Moses, "I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy. I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion." So then, it is not a him that willth, nor him that runth, but it's God that showeth mercy. That's why you're here this morning, because you have found the favor of God. God has shown mercy upon your life. God begin to move upon that heart. He begin to quicken that seed and draw you to himself. draw you out of that lifestyle that you were living in. In the church age, he says, "We know most assuredly that the purpose of God stands in election. It was purpose in himself. It was God's purpose to bring forth the people like unto himself." That would be a word bride. Notice it wasn't purpose in a prophet. It wasn't purpose in a church. It wasn't purposed in a man. But it was purposed in God to bring a people unto himself. That would be the word, right? She was chosen before the foundation of the world in him. She was fornown and beloved before she was ever brought forth during the ages upon the earth. She was redeemed by his blood and can never come into condemnation. I say hallelujah this morning. I can never come into condemnation because I was predestinated to be quickened. Brother B says he makes everything to meet its purpose. Whatever it is like a tree if it bears certain acorn or apples. See he makes the fruit of the garden and so forth it all for his purpose. Everything had come to pass. He had spok it. Now the only thing that he had to do after he had spoken is just to sit back and rest. So when he said let there be light, God didn't frustrate the plan. He didn't frustrate and try to figure it out when was that light going to come. God spoke it and he sat back and rested and light appeared. But he also tells us in Genesis 2, let us make man in our image after our likeness. God didn't worry about all the the the the trials that we would go through. He knew the word had already went forth. He knew that. He said, I'll have a church without spot, without wrinkle, without blemish. All that he's sitting back doing is resting because the word will produce exactly what he said it would do. And God is resting on that. And if I can just get you this morning to rest on God's purpose, to rest on God's plan, that the word has already been spoken to you this morning. You can't fall. You can't go down in defeat. You can't go down in destruction because you're predestinated for quickening power. God knows the thoughts that he thinks towards you. Now, he's telling Jeremiah this, and Jeremiah hadn't even got through the bad times yet. Jeremiah's about to be put in a dungeon. He about to be put in prison, taken out, put back in, taken out, put back in. But God's telling them, "I know the thoughts, Jeremiah. I know the purpose behind your ministry. I got a people that you're going to speak to in Leodia and you're going to be express my thoughts to them. No matter what your hardships has been, no matter what your difficulties has been, oh, you may lay before me Jeremiah as a weeping prophet, but don't worry, joy cometh in the morning. Joy cometh in the morning. Notice the Bible says, "Having made known to us the mystery of his will." Now, I'm studying. I'm looking at this thought here. This may be a completely different thought, but the mystery is a hidden thing. It's a secret thing. How many of you have ever had a secret you told your best friend? This ain't I'm not going to embarrass you. It's okay. You know, you tell somebody a secret and man, you swear I ain't telling nobody. It's a secret. God's held it for so long to himself. He's been longing, brother Mike, for that time. Cuz you know, even when you have a secret, you want to tell somebody, right? You're just itching to find that right person. Come on now, man. Who can I trust with this secret? Who can I trust with this mystery? See, God has been looking down through ages and ages and through six church ages, and yet he's found different ones. He begin to tell a little bit of this and maybe a little bit of that and, you know, come to to Luther with justification and Wesley with sanctification and come to Pentecost with the restoration of gifts. But oh, in the seventh age, in the final age, he begins to unfold the mystery of his will, a purpose for his coming, a purpose that he had imagined in his thoughts, in his mind, before the foundation of the world. God is te he's pouring back all the mystery. He tore the seals off the book and now we are the people this morning of the revealed mystery of God. God's unfolding his plan to us, his purpose to us. Notice he said he would reveal his secrets not to these little cheaters or different ones, but it's only to that special elect. So having made known to us the mystery, the secret thing not obvious to understanding. And this word will here means inclination, desire or pleasure. So God is making known the mystery of the secret pleasure that he has. You know, and I I bring this and I I want to kind of bring this down. What is the vision? And we know that we brother talks about he tells about the first pool and you know and the second pool and but the third pool ministry and how the angel lord said I'm going to meet you in there and he was you know he was lifted up above a tent. You know we got people today and you know God bless them they're looking for a tent. Some are looking for an airplane and people are constantly looking for relics. People are looking for a relic to pacify. God ain't coming for a relic. You know, the first pool was a type. The second pool was a type. But all of a sudden, this third pool now has to be a physical uh manifestation. God in type. Say, "I'm going to meet you in there." Notice what was the tent representing? The tent was representing this humanity. God said, "I'm going to meet you in there." This is in 1956. The token hasn't been yet given yet. They had an anointing of the Holy Ghost, but God was telling this prophet, "I'm going to meet you there when we get there and the seals come off the book. I'm going to meet you in there. You're going to go in one way, but you're going to come out a different way. You're going to go in there unfilled, but you're going to come out filled with the Holy Ghost. It's going to be me, the token light. I'm going to fill that tent. I'm going to walk in, and you're going to walk out in power. You're going to walk out in victory. I'm going to quicken you in there." Yes, sir. See, it's Christ meeting his bride in the tent of our humanity. He's not looking for badger skins. He's not looking for the cedars of Lebanon. He's looking for hands. He's looking for mortality that he can fill with deity. When he says it will not be a public show, it's a secret. It's a mystery. How can an eternal God dwell in such a a flawed people? How can a supernatural God come and fill this vessel? Mistakes, sin, shame, difficulties. But see, it's where Christ meets us and gives us the new birth. And what do brother say? What is the new birth? It's it's the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to each of you. See, it's not public. It's personal. It's secret. It's him meeting you in that prayer closet. It's him meeting you in that chamber where you meet God and God becomes intimate, becomes personal. And he begins to reveal to you, quicken to you his purpose and plan for your life. But I'm going to tell us in Christ the mystery. says, "Now God's got a secret mystery that he had before the world began back in the back part of God's mind. There was something that he was trying and was going to achieve and he had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed." See, there wasn't even a moon. There wasn't a star, an atom, a molecule or anything. He was God. What then? He says, "But exactly, he wasn't God at that time because God is an object of worship and there was nothing to worship him at that time. So he was in his great mind now. He wanted to see these attributes. God had attributes to be a father. He had attributes to be a savior. Had attributes to be, you know, a husband. He had all these great attributes. And they laid in the back part of God's mind. But notice what did God do in the seventh age? What did God do? God sent a man, not just any man, but he sent a seventh angel. And that seventh angel went further back than any other messenger had ever gone before. He went into the very recesses, the very back part of God's mind and begin to pull out the very expression that God had in himself before the foundation of the world. Paul didn't do it. Luther didn't do it. Wesley didn't do it. But William Brana came with an anointing. He was anointed by the Holy Spirit to reveal the mystery of God. And he went back into the back part of God's mind. And God begin to express himself. God be to open himself up to a people. That's right. And he said he had a motive and an objective to doing it. See, he's got these attributes. He wants a bride. He wants a wife. I remember when I was about 19, 20, I was looking for a bride. There's something inside of me longing to complete me. That's what God's looking for. And he would tell us through a prophet that God is not complete without you. So notice, but God was not necessarily God because there was not anything to worship him. So he created angels and angels was in his presence crying holy, holy unto God. They worshiped God. But brother Mike, God wasn't complete in just having worship. There was something missing in the heart of God. God wanted to be loved. And we find here God had a purpose. He says and a hidden mystery. So you can see basically in the beginning the very thought that God had in his mind he hid it from those scholars. But just a number, a selected predestinated number, a predestinated people was the only ones that heard it. So can I ask you why are you sitting here this morning? Did you hear something? Have you heard something? Have you heard from your theophony? Something spoke to you. Maybe you were the little chicken or the eagle in the chicken yard. And you know, some of us, we grew up in the message. We cut our teeth on the message spew, but you still got to hear that same voice. That's right. But notice here in Matthew 11:2, at this time Jesus answered and he said, "I thank thee, oh father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou has hid these things from the wise and prudent and has revealed them unto babes." Notice this word wise here means skilled in letters, cultivated, learned. Greek philosophers, orators, Jewish theologians, Christian teachers, and this word prudent is having understanding, wise and learned. But but yet God, he hid these things. What God had in the back part of his mind, brother Tim, he hid them from these great intellectual men because it was going it's not going to come by learned education. It's not going to come just because you have the ability to put great big vocabulary words together and read the thesaurus and encyclopedia bratannica or whatever you want to put there. But it's going to come by revelation. God's going to reveal to you that before there was ever a world, before there was ever a stardust, before there ever was a moon, before you ever came into existence, you were in God's thinking. You were in the back part of God's mind. And that only comes by revelation, spiritual revelation of the word of God. Colossians 1 and verse 26 says, "Even the mystery which had been hid from the ages and from generations, but now Notice now is made manifest to his saints to whom God will make known what is the riches of his glory of this mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you the hope of glory and you look and you see failures brother Tom man we see difficulties we see a a body getting old and aged and decrepit and it brings embarrassment but God sees his thoughts God sees his plan begin to unfold. See the mystery among the Gentiles. He's not shared it yet. He's waited to the last age to be able to share this with the special people, not the educated. That's why brother Brandham was against the intellectuals because it's not about intellectualism. Because some of you may have 34 in your ACT big whip. That's great. So you're a brainiac. But God's not looking for brainiacs. Some of us should say amen to that. It ain't about what this can comprehend. It's about what this can receive. And can it receive the word for its day? Because you can receive the word for your day. It shows you had representation on the other side. So we look here the mystery that was in the back part of God's mind. No other messenger went back there. But in the seventh age, you had a vindicated prophet go to the back part of God's mind and begin to pull it forward. Christ, the mystery, the token life, the literal life of Christ. What happened? The seals come off the book. It became a new book. Oh, all the mysteries of God were finished. All the secrets were told. He's going to have a bride. And she's a mystery among the Gentiles, but it's Christ in you. See, I think about this. The Bible tells us, this another thought for another day, but the Bible will tell us that thou art my hiding place. David talking to God and he's saying, "God, you are my hiding place. You're my refuge from the storm. You're my high tower." And yet God is our hiding place. But you can take that and say, God speaking through David, telling David, you are my hiding place. Oh, I'm going to hide myself from the world. I'm going to hide myself from the magic. I'm going to come down in the Leo to see an age and I'm going to hide myself in a human vessel and I'm going to reveal myself, hallelujah, in a failed vessel. I'm going to come down. I'm going to tabernacle them. I'm going to let deity overtake their humanity. And in the end time, they will be the final voice to the final age. They will be the final expression of God. See, according to Romans 4:16, brother Ram tells us sm church age, we find that God has given us a sure promise to all of Abraham's seed. And Paul puts himself and all the believers under the designation because he says Abraham who is the father of us all. Then he goes on not only to narrow down his definition but rather to finalize it for in Galatians 3 he identified the seed singular with Jesus encountered the seed children as the children of the promise and promises having to do with election predestination election the choosing of God. See, I have four children. I think they're beautiful. And I cater to my four children. They'll probably tell you otherwise. But because they're my children, they come from my loins. They get special favor. Now, you can come and ask me something and you won't find that same favor because you didn't come from within me. And that's the way it is with God. So don't get upset if God's showing favor to somebody or God's showing favor to some family or God's showing favor to us. Why? Because we come from God and God knows the very intricate thoughts of our lives. We were there. God already knows the plan for us. And he begins to show favor. And I love how he would say to to to uh uh what's her name over there in the Bible? He begin to drop handfuls on purpose. Why? because she was in the thinking of God. God was showing in tight what he was going to do in an end time. Bri, he's going to drop a handful here and a mystery there and a revelation over here. It's going to she can be healed over here and delivered over here. God showing the mystery. And he begins to drop handfuls on purpose for favored people. I'm still thinking of that name. Somebody say it. Hallelujah. Ruth, don't get old, people. It's not for the faint of heart. But notice God showing down through Ruth. But what did Ruth have to do? She had to get before the feet of Boaz. She had to humble herself. Brother Johnny, get there so she could find favor. One minute she's gleaning in the field, the next day she's oning the field. Talk about favor. Talk about God's purpose. Talking about God's plan. God's plan for you not just to glean. God's plan for you not just to make it through Leodysia. We're going to come back and rule and reign. So, we find, notice now what he says here in very plain language, the true bride of Christ was in the mind of God eternally, though not expressed until each came forth in a designated decreed season. As each member came forth it and became the expressed and took its place in the body. Thus the bride is the literal spoken word seed bride. And though she is feminine in designation, she is also called the body of Christ. It is very apparent that she ought to be called that. For she was hold up I wish I would have put some of these notes like brother Aaron does on a PowerPoint but I'm not that guy. But he says for she was predestinated in him. predestinated came from the same source was eternal with him and now is manifesting God in a many membered body whereas once it was God was manifested in one member even our lord Jesus but now he's in a multi-membered body so we find the message when it came it didn't just come for William Bran now I understand there's a lot of people that's gone to seed on, you know, if you don't see William Brandom, they got you got Brandham Christ over in Africa and you got people bowing down to his preacher and they're baptizing in his name and you know, they've got it all wrong, church. But see, the message didn't come to point one man to another man. But the message is here to call a bride out of a church. The message is here to reveal the very secrets of God. that God is going to have a bride and she's going to be the very from the very same characteristics, the very same source, the very same makeup that the groom has. She's going to produce the same signs, the same wonders, the same display of the supernatural. It's going to be within her just as well as it was in him. So, can I say it like this? Before God was ever God, you existed in him. Before an angel was ever created, you existed. Oh, I know you can't think that far back, can you? You know, but think about it though. Before there was a molecule ever was made, before God and formed the solar systems and the worlds and the galaxies, Zach, you were in the mind of God. That's just that's a powerful thought and your little finite mind is trying to wrestle with your trial. And God's like, "Before you ever was, he was already here." That's why he would tell Job when Job was going through the hardest and most difficult trial, Job, where were you? See, all Job could see was a loss of health and a loss of wealth and a loss of children and a wife that turned his back on him and the friends that turned against him. See, he can only see just like we see a lot of times. He can only see the here and now. But God came down after all the accusations of the friends and all of this and all of that. And he comes out, Job, where were you? What was God doing? He was reminding Job. Job, before you ever came, you was with me in my thinking when the sons of God were shouting and the sons of God were rejoicing. Let me tell you, Job, that's where you were. You were rejoicing on the other side. Don't let the here and now defeat you. Don't let the here and now destroy your vision. That's right, your purpose, your plan. See, God has a purpose for each of our lives. And he says, "Thus the thoughts of God, they are eternal and they are real." And before that thought can ever come to manifestation, it has to first be quickened. So it's going to take a power to come down to quicken that seed or that thought or that life. And whatever life was in that seed, when it becomes quickened, it's going to produce though it laid dormant for years. Yes. And that's how I think brother can say that a son of God can go a long time before he ever recognizes he's a son. Some of you here this morning we're a long time. A long time out there in seed form. Oh, you look like a seed. You got covered up with a lot of muck, a lot of dirt, a lot of this, a lot of that. But there was a seed there. Let me tell you, not only was there a seed there, but there was something inside of that seed. There was representation on the inside of that sea. There was life on the inside of that sea. All that seed needed was a power to quicken it. All it needed to do was lay in the presence of the sun. Lay in the presence of that power. And at the right time, in the right season, the sun will quicken the light that's in the seed. And out of that seed will come sons and daughters of God. Out of that seed will come gifts and ministers and deacons and deacons. Wives. Out of that seed, cuz it's predestinated for quickening power. Not just going to lay in seed form. No, it can't because a word's already been spoke over it. See, there has to be a power to anoint or quicken the life that's in it. That word quicken there means to cause to live by spiritual power to arouse or invigorate. Now, don't get your mind out of source with the word arouse there. But it means to stir. It's like to shake you from spiritual amnesia. You are not what the world tells you you are. You're not what this one tells you you are, but you are a son and a daughter of God. And you were in my thinking. Listen what brother Bam says. There's quicken it. What does the word quicken mean? The Greek word here means to brought to life after death. So other words, this human nature has to die. So you can't come into church, you can't try to live that Christian life with this thing still living. Come on, church. I know it's tough. Some of us got a wicked ruler. He wants to rise up. I'm still here. Some of us got genes. generational curses. They like to stick their hands up every now and then. But see, you got to die. This has got to die. And a new man, that's like what Paul would say, the life that I now live in the flesh. I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave his life for me. Paul was not bringing any accolades to this humanity. He said this man had to die in order for that man to live. And it's the same today, church. This old fleshly human nature has to die. And that's in order to be made alive to be quickened with the power of God. So the spirit is the life of Christ. Is that right? The life of Christ. He says now which was the word seed brings the seed to life. And that life is laying in the seed. And this baptism of the Holy Spirit comes upon it. It's bound to bring that seed to life. That's right. It's bound to bring what'sever inside of that seed. Now, some of you got children that are wwarded, that are strayed. But I don't want you to give up on the seed. I don't want you to give up and thinking, well, you know, it's been 20 years, it's been 25 years, it's been this long. A son of God can go a long time. I'm looking at a few of them here this morning. They've gone a long time. Oh, but there's life. If there's life, predestinated life in that seed. I don't care how long they go. You know, brother Brandon, when he went beyond the curtain of time, and thank God, he allowed a man to go beyond the curtain of time and come back and explain to us that it's real. And what did he find when he got to the other side? Young women come running up to him. Oh, our precious brother, our darling brother. And he said, "Why do they say that?" And he said, "Because she was past 90." Yes, sir. Come on, somebody. She was past 90. Maybe her mother was praying for that daughter and that mother didn't get to see that daughter quicken. Well, when she was past 90, inside of that mother, inside of that sister, that 90 year old was a seed, was a light. And at the right time, God quickened it. God quickened it to life. Don't give up on your children. Don't give up on your spouses. Commit them to the to the word past 90. You would have gave up. But God's looking for the seed. He's looking for the life. Notice he says, "Remember my message recently on the bride tree? How that they took Jesus? He was a tree. When the David saw a tree planted by the rivers of water, his fruit and seeds in the most perfect tree. They cut him down, hung him on a man-made Roman tree for mockery. But what did he do? He rose up on the third day. What else did he do? He set forth a bride. Oh, I'm so thankful, church, that God planned a bride. You know, when I was out in the in the denomination systems and I jumped around a little bit there for maybe four or five years before I came to the message, you never heard preaching like this, Brother Mike. pride. What you didn't hear these great mystery truths being revealed to a people. So, it shows you it's for a special class. So, I don't know what you're going through this morning or what your years been like or your week's been like, but look, look to the word. It says you're a special class of people. This type of preaching that we're hearing in the message even here at Evening Light Tabernacle, that's just not for everybody. I'm not saying it's only for Evening Light, but I'm saying it's for only the message, only the true bride of Christ. Brother B tells us when he preached the rapture message, he said the rapture message is only for the bride. So, let me keep going. Now, what did he do? He come to redeem this tree. So since he redeemed her at Calvary, he's ready to plant her now to restore his bride tree. The one that should have been in Eden, but she fell because she disbelieved the word. But here, notice, he's going to restore a tree that will believe the word. That's why you're here this morning because there's been a tree. There's been a word that says, "I will restore, sayeth the Lord." I will restore, sayeth the Lord. She started back in the reformation. And what did God do? They they formulated Luther. He clamped down on it. So God pruned the branch. He didn't prune the vine. He pruned the branch off. And it went on into Wesley. And Wesley him, they denominated. He pruned that brine off. But the the the life still moved in the tree. It still moved. Notice what brother Brand will say here. He said God is speaking of his fruit tree that he had planted. God planted a fruit tree. He planted on the day of Pentecost and it brought the tree there for a purpose and he wanted it to bear his fruit word. Yes. That's why you're here this morning is to bear the fruit word. See, he wanted a church that would keep his word. All down through the age, Eve failed to keep it. The Jews failed to keep it. The law had failed to keep it. So, God planted himself his own tree. And see, Eve may have failed. The Jews may have failed. Denominations may have failed. And many message believers had failed to keep it, but he says, "She's still going." Oh, hallelujah. He says, "She's still coming. I will restore." He goes, "What does it do? In the evening time, there will not be an organization." He says, "In the evening time, where does the fruit ripen?" "At the top." Why? The sun hits it there. And at the evening time, there shall be light. There shall be revelation. There shall be understanding. What is it to do? To quicken the fruit that's in the seed. He said, "Now when Elijah came, he turned the hearts of the children or the fathers, the patriarch fathers from the old Jewish law. He turned them to what? He turned them to the the children's ministry, which was the the the the son of man ministry there in Jesus Christ. Then he comes a second time and he turning the heart of the children now back to the faith of the father. So when he came the first time he was turning them to Pentecost and now he's turning us back to Pentecost. Everything points to Pentecost cuz what happened at Pentecost? What happened? The logos came in like a rushing mighty wind. The logos God himself divided himself among the people. and sat down. See, that's why it's always been about Pentecost. Not a Zuza with signs and wonders, supernatural speaking in tongues, but we're talking about the very life of Christ. The very person, the very deity coming and living inside of you. So, he turned those old patriarch fathers to the quickening power. Now he's coming our age because we've gotten away from it. And he's turning this bride, this people back to that same promise. It's a promise of quickening power because we have to be quickened, made alive in this hour if we're ever going to take a rapture. So we think about Leodia. Here we are in the final age, an age of almost complete apost. And yet we recognize this age is Satan's. Yet, God is determined. I'm going to bring a bride to maturity. God, how you going to do it? Look around. Look at the laws that being passed. Look at the sin that's on the street. Look at everywhere on the internet, there's sin and debocery and everything else. But God has already had a word that's gone forth. And despite every effort of the enemy to destroy, the elect, that predestinated seed will be quickened. Now we look here. We go back. We only got one service. Hallelujah. We go back and we find that in the very beginning in the Garden of Eden. Now, many of us can't imagine this because we live here in a different Eden. But you go to this Eden and I can just imagine probably 68 69 degrees year round. Come on, Louisiana. Say amen. Y'all just got used to this cold front we got. Wait till it heats back up. 68 69 perfect eating. Man, sister Lena, you think you like greenery? It was perfect. Everything manicured just perfect. Trees here, flowers here in bloom. Adam and Eve walked brother Mike through the garden. a perfect Eden with a perfect people with a behind a perfect message. But notice what happened in the perfect garden. Satan came down and he borrowed the body. He borrowed the body of a serpent to go and speak to a woman. And what did he do? He got that woman to step out from behind a perfect word, step out from behind a perfect message, and believe a perfect lie. if there could be a perfect life. And what did he do? He caused all the sin, all the destruction, all the chaos, all the death, all the calamity that ever happened. That's why we're in a position we're in this morning is because because Satan borrowed the body. Oh, but my brother, sister, we're on 1933. Almighty God stepped down in this age and he borrowed the body. He borrowed the body of a seventh grade Kentucky. What more? to speak to a woman, to speak to an elected bride, to speak to the predestinated seat. Oh, here he comes back with the perfect message. And she living in a sinful state. She living with shame. She's living with difficulties, chaos all around her. But she believes a perfect message and he quickens her body. See, God borrowed a body and now he's looking to borrow your body. He's looking to borrow your hands. Well, it's just for the ministry. No, sir. He's looking to borrow your lips, your life that he can express himself through. Why? To quicken you to express himself in this hour. He's not just going to defeat Satan with preachers. He's not going to just defeat Satan with special meetings. Come on, church. Why do we preach it to you like this? Why do we preach faith so you can attain to it? Because you are part of the promise. Come on, Sarah. You're part of the promise. See yourself in the plan. See yourself in the book. See that God can't judge Abraham because you're in Abraham. He couldn't judge Sarah because Sarah was in Abraham and Abraham pertained to the promise. Nor can God judge you outside. He can't condemn you because you're chosen in him and he can't condemn himself. So what has God got to do? He's got to bring you the revelation that you're part of the promise that you are predestinated to be quickened. Hallelujah. Notice we're all worried about falling. I'm going to make a mistake. I'm going to fall. How many's ever worried about that? It's just human nature, right? I just, you know, I know my humanity. I I know my my limitations. We're worried about falling. We're worried about failing. We're worried about, you know, coming short. But listen what he says now in Christ. The church is the blood of Christ by the spirit because the life is in the blood. That's baptism of the Holy Ghost that baptizes us into the body that recognizes only his body, his flesh, his word. Denominations won't ever touch that. It's a revelation. She knows it. So did Eve know it, but she failed. But this one knows it. And she will not fail. I say hallelujah this morning. Little bride, you can't fail this morning. You're predestinated to victory. You're predestinated to win. You're not predestinated to destruction. You're not predestinated to failures. You're predestinated not to fall, to stand in the face of loud sin and say, "God will have a bride." Notice she's ordained. Hallelujah. Woo. She is ordained not to fall. She won't fall. She's predestinated to it. Predestinated. Predetermined beforehand. He already knows. So redeeming back with him going home back to eternal life in a human body. God coming and living in this day dwelling in the human body to take this human vessel back home. He said God had a three-fold purpose of redemption. First to display himself in Christ. Second to have a preeminence in a body. third to take fall and Eve back to a needing condition. So what does he do? He comes in this hour in this age and he revealed himself as Christ among us. Come on, church. That was him. That wasn't William Brandon. William Brandon couldn't do those things. That seventh grade man couldn't come up with the the the the sermons that he came up with. That was God revealing his nature and his and his person to us. So what? so that he can have preeminence in a bride. He can have preeminence in a body that it ain't the show of man. It's not a headquarters, not a denomination, but it's Christ having preeminence in a body for one purpose. Why? To take you back to a needing condition again. And what does that quickening power? He quickens you to the word. And he says here in the Easter Seal, "And you are quickened." And this quickening power brings your body into a rapture condition. That's right. Notice now the Pentecostal people up there when when they got quickened by the Holy Spirit, when those Pentecostal group up there on the day of Pentecost received their abstract deed from God, surely it glorified their souls. They screamed. Well, they trying to shut the sh the scream out of the church today. They screamed. They saw tongues of fire separated upon each of them. It so quickened their body till they couldn't even speak in an earthly language anymore. He quickened their body to a heavenly language. The place that they were going, notice, transformed into an immortal language. He says, "What a quickening power." And if it did it for them, then can it do it for us today? Church, if we're ever going to be that elect, if we're ever going to be that bride, then we got to come to that same place at Pentecost. Now, I'm gonna say this. It's not about emotion. It's not about how high you jump, how loud you shout, how quick you run. Got nothing to do with all that. Cuz some of you, you may never run. You may never shout. You may never dance. But you may just throw your hands up and worship in his presence. Tears just stream out of your eyes because you're so captivated. You're enraptured with his presence. Quicken you to new life. And what does he do when he quickens you? gives you a new nature, new desires. Young boys, the things that you used to do and desire to do, the things that you want to look at and that would just eat at you and eat at you and eat at you and but when you get quickened by that power, oh, your attention is no longer turned to those things. He turns you away from it. Now the things that you used to desire, you desire no more. Now you desire him. So it quickened their bodies till they brother said they flew so close to heaven till it quickened their body till they they spoke in a language that they never heard before. Quicken their bodies they spoke in a heavenly language. They were quickened into the presence of God by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. God's quickening power baptized them into that. They were in the place of worship. So he's saying, notice without that quickening power, we're not even in a place of worship. So we got to be quickened. We find here that the woman at the well, brother Brandham, used this type and he used it a lot as far as contacting the spirit of the individual and he would stand there in prayer lines if it was a a colored sister or different ones. He says you and I, you know, from Samaria and different things of that nature and and he would go on that line and, you know, we have nothing to draw with in that story line. And what was he trying to do? He's trying to contact her spirit. And here he is. is you got the woman at the well there and she's from Samaria. He's from Jerusalem and you know and and and brother B would tell us she had fallen from the thoughts of God. Notice this here. This is in identification of Christ to all ages 1964. So this is after the opening of the seals. But he says she had fallen from the thoughts of God. She But notice he says she could be redeemed. But you and I will look at her and we would seen husband after husband, failure after failure, mess after mess, chaos after chaos, calamity after chaos or calamity. But what did God see? God saw the fallen thoughts that he had of her before the foundation of the world. And he begin to deal with her and begin to speak to her. And he begins to reveal the word. And he said, "Give me a drink." And he says, "You don't have anything to draw with, but if you would ask me of something to drink, you wouldn't thirst again." And she says, "I perceive that thou art a prophet." And we know when the Messiah comes, he'll reveal these things to us. And he says, "I am he that speaketh to you." What she had representation on the other side. And she knew that's what a prophet would do. And so what happened? God sent a prophet. Not just a prophet, but the prophet himself, the word himself came by her path to quicken that predestinated seed. Oh, the priest, he's beyond. They had no representation, but she had representation. See, and today representation says the message is true. See today the me the representation says God that this message is God's love letter to his bride. But nonrepresentation said the days of miracles is over. They say brother Brandham got off. He made mistakes. See that's nonrepresentation. But aren't you thankful you got representation on the other side? See eternal life says you always was. See you have eternal life. There's only one form of that and that's God. God. You were his attributes. He thought of you and knowed you before the foundation of the world in his mind. And she looked around. What a sinful shape she was in. But notice he couldn't get to that priest because the priest was an educated scholar, theologian in the word, but no representation in heaven. Wasn't in God's thinking at all. But this woman was. She said, "Sir, I perceive that you're a prophet." And and see, he said, "That's just all he wanted her to see. So we think sometimes we got to see all the mystery. You may not see any mystery, but you just got to see yourself in the word that it's for you. It belongs to you. So quickening power came down and quickened that seed. Now we're going to we're going to turn the corner here for the next little bit. We're going to go to second Timothy verse three. And I want to show you Paul being the first church age messenger. And Paul said, "If any man comes and preach any other gospel, let him be a cursed." So we believe in what Paul preached to be the truth. So Paul would come here. He says, "This know that also in the last days, perilous or hard times, troublesome times, dangerous times shall come. Men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemer, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure, more than lovers of God, having a form. Now, I want you to key in on this. Having a semblance or an appearance of godliness, but they deny. Notice denying. And that word denying there means to disown, to renounce, to decline, to refuse the power thereof from such turn away. So we see that these people, this is talking about our day. Paul is talking about this. They don't just think about in the first church age, but he's looking down into this church age and showing how man would be in our day. They're traitors. They're heady, high miners, covetous. They have a form. Oh, they can bless God. Oh, they can worship God. Oh, they can cry. But they deny the power to come down and quicken their life. Brother B would tell us in the testimony of a true witness, he said his word testifies in the last days, there will come a fallen away and there will come up a cold, formal, powerless church age. That's what we're living in. a church that had no power, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof, from such turn away. So if we deny the Holy Spirit in our lives, if we deny the Holy Spirit in our homes, if we deny the Holy Spirit in our churches and we we refuse to preach and believe in the supernatural, we will be a powerless people. We may look like a Christian. We may act like a Christian. We may go through the motions, attend church, go to special meetings, dress right. But without the spirit to quicken the seed, we will be cold, formal, and powerless. And what that means, powers means you're with not able to withstand the enemy. So, it's got to be more than just the mechanics of the word. There's got to be a power behind it that anoints it. Paul's preaching here in First Corinthians. Notice how Paul built the church. I know people want to struggle with where we are today as a message and and the people with emotion and excitement and you know, I I just say, man, if you ain't tried to try it. Don't knock it till you try it, right? I know it. Oh, I'm not accustomed to it. I'm not used to it. you stay long enough. That's right, man. Maybe that old that old Baptist footer get to clapping and stamping and all of a sudden you find yourself, man, enjoy and really enjoying the blessings of God. Cuz I remember when I first remember I told y'all the story when I first come to church here, I was old Baptist boy. We just sat down there and we listened and I came and y'all hollered and y'all shouted. I'm like, "Would these people just shut up?" I mean, I can't hear what the man saying. All this amening and praise the Lord and hallelujah and everybody clapping every other word. I'm like, man, I ain't going to get nothing out of this. Boy, was I wrong. God has a sense of humor, doesn't he? Yeah, little Baptist boy, now you're the one of the loudest ones in the church. But you just stay long enough. Stay long enough to allow that sea to be quickened. Yeah. Oh, that outer shell may not like all that emotion. That outer shell may not like all that that that fanaticism and or what you claim to be fanaticism, but if it ever breaks through that shell and that life ever begins to come out of that shell, out of that shell there, let me tell you, it'll dance its foot. It'll shout the hallelujah. It'll run down. Why? Because it ain't you. It ain't about you. It's about the light inside of that seed quickening that seed to eternal life. We don't come to church for oursel. No, it ain't about you. Some of you are already complaining in your spirit. Well, it's too cold. It's too hot. It's too They got my seat. Oh, I wasn't even going to say what I was about to say, but it's about him. It's always been about him. Turn your your frustrations and turn your criticism. Turn it away from your brother or your sister or your church or the preacher and turn it to praise and start praising him and worshiping him and glorifying him. And that seed on the inside will be quickened. God ain't going to quicken some critical spirit. Oh, he's just looking for one though how to turn that criticism aside. Listen, let's get back to the message. 1 Corinthians 2 and verse one. I brethren, when I came to you, now this is Paul. We respect Paul, right? We recognize Paul being the first church age messenger. We're going to establish some things. So, he was a first very intelligent man. But notice what he says. And I, brother, when I came to you, came not with excellency or elevation or superior superiority of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God. For I determine not to know anything among you save Jesus Christ and him crucified. Otherwise, Paul didn't come to the pullpit with the Greek lexicon. That's right. And started explaining every little word in Greek and tracing it all the way back. See, Paul had already met God. He'd already been quickened. Listen what he says. For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing or persuasive words of man's wisdom. Otherwise, I didn't come to captivate your emotions. I didn't come to to to to pull upon your affections and and talk about mama and get tears to come out of your eyes. Paul said, "I didn't come to you with that kind of speech, but I come to you with the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost." Listen what he says. But in demonstration of the spirit and in power, that word demonstration, I'm not trying to dumb y'all down. You just got to know the way I study. I like to know the definition of a word. And since I got the mic, I get to share the definitions. But this word demonstration. So Paul is coming. Notice not with enticing words. Oh, Brother Joe, you don't spit. You don't slobber. You don't Man, you just so enticing. No, me and Paul just alike. We stammer and stumble and spit and get excited. Why? Because what we're bringing didn't come from oursel. It comes from God. And Paul said, "My speech didn't come with excellency. It didn't come with stammering or with enticing words of man's wisdom. He said, "But it come in demonstration." That word demonstration means manifestation. Indutable proof. What's that word indutable mean? How many know what that word means? Don't raise your hand cuz I know you don't know it cuz I'm going to tell you right now. You're about to know. So that word indutable here means impossible to doubt. It's unquestionable proof. What am I telling you this morning? Sister Labus when she was leaning on the everlasting arm and begin to run around the building. You can't tell me that that's not indutible proof. That's indutable proof. That's the word being quickened. And it wasn't just for Sister Atlanta, Sister Ruth, Sister Sharon, and Sister Jeanie. All cancer survivors. What is it? Indutable proof. Oh, they want to criticize. Come to Even Light Tabernacle. We'll show you a testimony. We'll show you a testimony. Think about it. Justin Wear, Philip Roni, Oh, Saints, particles, they can't return home. Oh, they straying. They done too much. But we got indutable proof that they can go a long ways. They can go a long time. But if there's a seed on the inside, the God of heaven will quicken that seed. Think about it. God used a water tower. Used a water tower to get Philillip. And you hear Philip's testimony, man. Him and Timothy wasn't on the best of terms. So, not only did he use a water tower, he used somebody he really didn't care for. But God don't care what you like. God's just determined to get the seed. Indutable proof. This is what Paul is saying. This is what my ministry is based on. It ain't based on my knowledge of all the Greek and Hebrew and all of this. It's about the manifestation. Will the word live? Can the word live? I say yes it will and yes it can. Indutable proof Mariah Puit's healing God restoring her glory. They said alipcia can't be cured. Maybe not by a doctor but by Dr. Jesus it can. Think about little Drew Dexter. What has that got to do with it? He was 18 months never walked. But it just shows that God is the God of the young and the old. He's no respector of persons. If you can believe, all things are possible. See, he is rich in mercy. And the prophet would say, "The angel of the Lord accompanies the message." So, I can just imagine every time Paul met somebody, the angel stood by. Y'all know what I'm waiting for. He is here now. I'll take every spirit under. He wasn't doing it under his human control. But he did it because the angel of the Lord showed up to do what? Because there were seeds predestinated souls in the congregation that were God was going to quicken their s their souls to life. And that same spirit, the same angel of the Lord, he accompanies the message today, church. He does. That's why we could tell stories like Sister Atlanta and different ones. But notice Paul said, "My my message or my speech, it wasn't with just enticing words, but it's demonstration proof that you cannot deny." That's right. That you cannot doubt. and notice and spirit and power. That word power there is dunamis. It's not only power to perform miracles, but it's power to live an excellent life. So, let me ask you, what good if you can speak in tongues? What good if you can cast out devils? What good is doing a supernatural if you can't live it? He wants to quicken you to live an overcoming life. And that's where Paul would say, "I'm crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." It's Christ that lives in us, the life which I now live. I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave his life for me. So we find Paul founded the church not on man's wisdom, not on their intelligence or their knowledge of diverse matters or their ability to learn science and learning and varied topics. No. But Paul founded the church on the power, on the manifestation of the word of God. And today we have mystery preachers. And when they get done, it's still a mystery. Man, they got all these types and shadows. And I don't know where they pulled them from, but it don't have nothing to do with us. But we find, but for the true bride, all the mysteries have been made known. See, Paul with his great intellectual understanding, he was a Pharisee of Pharisees, but he said at the feet of Galia, yet he said, "I count it all dumb." And with all his learning and his great intellectual bandwidth, he founded a church not on the wisdom of man, but on the power of God. And he warned the church in Acts 20 and verse 28. He said, "Take heof unto yourselves and to all the flock over which the Holy Spirit had made you overseers to feed the church of God which he hath purchased with his own blood. For I know this, that after my departing grievous wolves shall enter in among you, not sparing the flock." That's right. Also of your own selves shall men arise speaking perverse, distorted, turn away or perverted corrupt things to draw away disciples after themselves. And so we have seen this play out in our day. Men, women used to sit among us. Preachers used to preach this gospel, but then they begin to rise up and be able to divert, distort the truth because it hasn't been revealed to them. Oh, they had an intellectual understanding. It sounded good. And they went so far and so long, 10 maybe 15 years. And you know, they preached the message for 10, 15 years or whatever it may be, but never was quickened. And if you never get quickened, you'll do just what they did and you'll turn away. And then you'll turn all your venom onto that seed and you complain and you criticize and you blame and you say it's not so, it's not real. Why? because the seed never was quickened. But can I tell you this? In Matthew 24:24 says that that there's going to be shall arise false Christ and false prophets. They shall show great signs and wonders in so much if it were possible. They shall deceive the very elect. So, I'm so glad that the Lord dropped that little two-letter word in there. If if it were possible. Notice he put a if in Satan's way. Otherwise, he's saying, Satan, it's not possible. My my seed, my predestinated will never be deceived. They will stay with the word. They will stay with thus sayeth the Lord, the prophet of God say on no account. For the scripture says very clearly in Matthew 24 that the elect cannot be deceived. He said, "No, no." He said, "The elect ain't going to be deceived." No, no. They won't be church members will, but not the elect. Aren't you glad this morning? You're the elected seed of God. God chose you in himself before the foundation of the world. He elected you to predestination to be quickened by the power of God. Oh, not the elect. He says church members will be but not the elect. They were chosen in him from the foundation world. They cannot be deceived. It's impossible. Hebrews 6, they will not be deceived. He said it's a dangerous time the church in the evening time because look he said they'll go they'll go to church almost just exactly like Pentecost believers they'll shout they'll dance they'll speak in tongues and everything else so close that it will deceive the very elect. That's why church the prophet prophet of God would tell you don't jump no higher than you can live. I mean, we want you to enjoy the presence of God, but we want you to have a life behind it. If you want to come in on Sunday morning and shout the entire time, shout, but make sure you got a life behind it shouting through you. If you want to get up and run circles the entire service, look, I'm not going to stop you. Run circles, but make sure you got a life behind you. Don't just get up and get caught up in their foyer of being a Christian or in the enthusiasm of the worship when he comes down. That's great. We want you to enter in, but make sure there's a life behind it. Make sure there's a life behind it. Notice in the Bible, it tells us here, Ephesians 2, and you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins. I'm gonna try to have you out of here at 1:30. That a deal? And the church said, amen. I'll be the church for y'all this morning. You had ye quickened, who were dead in sins and trespasses, where in times past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we have all, notice, we all had our conversation in time past in the lust of the flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love where he loved us. When we were dead in sins, he had quickened us together with Christ and has raised us up together, made us sit in heavenly places in Jesus Christ. Notice that power was from God. And God quickened us who were dead in sins and trespasses. Some of you maybe not been dead as some of the others. I look out here and I see different faces. Some of you come from hard backgrounds, hard lives. Some of you young people, you don't know what it means to live that kind of life. But it still takes the quickening power to come in and quicken that seed. And it's God rich in mercy. It wasn't done by a church. It wasn't done by some man, but it's done by the power of God. And Paul would tell us, "For our gospel came not in word only, but in power of the Holy Spirit and in much assurance." So he's saying that the manifestation of the signs and wonders is done because it's power, not intellect. I like great teaching. I like teaching that really grounds you on the word. But when you get grounded on that word, that means there's got to be a life to flow out from that word. And that's what teaching should do. Teaching should ground us. It should steady us so that you can go forth and build on that foundation. But if that teaching is not anointed of God, you have nothing to build on. Oh, you may have intellectual ideas and understanding, but it's not about intellectual ideas and understanding. It's not about how much you know the word, but it's how much you know the author of the word. whom the Bible would tell us, "And such were some of you, but you are washed." I like how brother Timothy brought that out the other day. "But you are washed. You're sanctified. You are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus by the spirit of God." And brother Brand would tell us in the invisible union, "What is sin? It's unbelief." He said, "The word unbelief in God." See, the word unbelief in God, which is the word, he says, "Your garments are washed by the water of the bleeding word. The word become blood and the word bled for you and washed you in the bleeding word. The life of God in the word and the word was bled for you and you might be washed from the filth of these prostitutes and be cleansed and sanctified by the washing of the water of the word and make your mind and heart stayed on God and on his word. He goes, you're not only that, but you're going to the wedding in the sky. Notice this is invisible union and you are wearing the wedding band of predestinated unmmerited grace. It means you wasn't born in a special family. It didn't matter. It mean you belong to a special church. It doesn't matter. It mean you didn't come in a special age. That really doesn't matter either. But you are wearing this morning the wedding band of predestinated unmarited nothing that you did to deserve it. Grace God saw you in his thoughts. And if God if you were ever in the thoughts of God, God will come and quicken that life. No matter how far, no matter what you go through, no matter the struggles you face, no matter the trends you you go through, God's going to come and wash you by the washing of the water of the word. And he says, not only that, but you're wedding wearing the wedding band of predestinated unmarried grace. God did it himself. He knew you before the foundation of the world. So he slipped the wedding band on you there. Put your name on the book. Oh, what a thanksgiving. Consider this. Since the blood of God is a perfect blood and a perfect blood is loosing us from the power and the bondage of defilement of sin, then the loosing is perfect and complete. Therefore, he says, therefore, there is now no condemnation. Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect. It is God that justify ye that rather that condemnth. See, it is Christ. He said, there it is. He his debt gave us blood. The blood has loosed us and there is now no condemnation. How can there be? There is nothing to be condemned for because the blood has loosed us from sin. We're free this morning. We're guiltless this morning. Don't listen to man. Listen to the word. You are loosed by the blood. He said when the first news came that his son Adam was lost. He didn't send an angel. He came himself to do what? To redeem his fallen son. And when he stood before the grave of Lazarus, a man who had been dead not one day, two days, three days, but four days, he's already began to decay. When the spoken word, the manifested word of that hour stood before that grave and he called Lazarus back to life. He quickened yes that seed and Lazarus walked out through the quickening power. But God wasn't done yet. Because when Lazarus walked out, he was wrapped in grave clothes. Grave clothes of his past. Past mistakes, past failures, depressions, anxieties, worries, guilt. He had all his past wrapped up on him. But when Jesus not only quickened him, but when he came walking out of the tomb, he said, "Loose him and let him go." And I'm here to tell you this morning, church, that same quickening power is the same word that has loose you from your past. It's loose you from your mistakes. It's loose you from depression and fear and anxieties and worries. He didn't just quicken you to come out. He quickens you to never go back. When you're quickened by that supernatural power, he changes your garments. He changes your nature. He changes your desires. You're not wearing grave clothes this morning. He's taking them off of you. Give you a change of garment. Give you a change of perspective. But notice, Paul didn't found a church on wisdom, man's ability to recite, but on the power of the message. See, Paul's gospel, he said it came with demonstration. What use of a message if it won't demonstrate it? What use is this message if it will not perform what it says it'll do? What use is the Bible if it will not live? Come on, church. What's the use? Why are we here? Because it works. Because it does live. So the spirit is what gives life. And if you're not quickened, notice brother tell us Paul being well trained, he knew the scriptures by the word. But you see scriptures, no matter how well you know them, if the spirit doesn't quicken them, then the letter killth. See the spirit give life. So it must be quickened or made alive by the spirit. If the spirit doesn't live in the word and make it a reality to you, then this just a letter. It's just intellectual. So, it's the spirit that gives revelation. And brother Bam says, "I don't care how religious you are." Or he says, "Satan doesn't care how religious you are, how right you are in your doctrine." If you miss that life, church, don't miss the life. He may come in and you may complain about this, that, and the other, and it may not be going right for you that day. Don't don't miss that life. Whatever you do, make sure you're there. See, the letter got to be quickened. Not just teach the word, but preach, make it manifest. The word has to be made alive. It's just a dead letter until it's made manifest. And then it's quickened and it's brought to pass what God said it would do. But you know, if the devil can't, notice what brother said. If the devil can't keep you from seeing the truth, he'll push you overboard with it. If he can't keep you from seeing it, he'll make you a fanatic with it. And you find he said the Methodists, they had the shout. The Pentecostals had the tongues. There was a group that had the shakers. And now we got a group of Methodist believers that push, play, and obey. Come on, church. We become fanatical with it. Don't hear anybody else disregard all the other four parts of the five-fold ministry. We got what we need right here. We become fanatical with it. Can I just put it out there? We do. Press play. We press play each and every day. I press play every day. We don't have another message to preach outside of God's vindicated voice for this hour. We're preaching William Brandon's message. We're pushing play in our bedrooms. We're pushing play in our car. We're pushing play on the job. We're pushing play in our free time. We're pushing play at the gym. Wherever we are, we're pushing play. We're feeding not on not on a man, but we're feeding on the body word of a son of man. We're doing it. But you know what happens is they begin to go overboard with it. You got to listen to it at a certain time. For some people that's 2 or 3:00 in the morning. Let's keep going. We don't want to harper down on that. But theologians, brother says, theologians can rise today and they can explain the days of miracles as passed by the Bible. The infidel can rise and take the Bible and prove that you're that there's no God. The Mexicans can prove that they're right. The Baptist can prove that the Methodists are wrong. The Pentecostal can prove that they're all wrong, that they're right. But see, he there's a whole lot could be proved about Pentecostal, too. But let me tell you, brother, if a man ever stood on the sacred sand, let him be Methodist, Baptist, Pentecost, whatever more. If he ever met God face to face, there's no theologian in the world can take that away from him. He's been somewhere. He knows what he's talking about. He's had an experience of the burning presence of the living God and all the erasers of the scriptures explaining and and dividing away will never take that from his heart. He has been made new a new creature in Christ and become incarnate with the power of almighty. He was made alive in Christ. And he said that devil, the enemy of your soul, he can't tread on those sacred grounds where you met Christ. So that's what we're looking for today is for sons and daughters of God to be quickened. Jesus once and for all, brother Bam tells us, in fellowship, he has perfected forever those that come into fellowship with an eternal blessing, eternal fellowship, eternal presence of God with what? The power of the Holy Spirit. Not a symbol out yonder in some word or in some theology, but the Holy Ghost in you. The power of God that raised Christ from the grave is made alive in you and you're a new creature. Then you are a son and daughter of God. And that's what Paul said. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he's a new creation. Old things are passed away and all things have become new. And if you're here this morning and you're not saved, I'm here to tell you it's not too late. That's right. Can I tell you this morning that it's not too late to become a new creature? This woman was 90 years old when the prophet led her to the Lord. Some of you may be here this morning thinking, "Well, I've sinned away my day of grace. I've gone too far. I've stepped over the line." Listen what brother Bram says here as we start wrapping this up. He says, "Howdy, sir." He says, "Now, there's something strange about you, sir. Satan has desired to take your life. You're all tore up. You think you've sinned away your day of grace. You think your life is ruined. Then listen what he asked. He says, "Do you love Jesus?" I'm sure the man replied, "Yes." He said, "What makes you love him?" He said, "Before there could be anything in there to make you love him, there had to be a creator to create that love in your heart." See, if you send away your day of grace, you would hate Jesus. That's right. For some of you that struggle, one day you're saved, next day you're not. One day you're saved, the next day you're not. I've sent away my day of grace. If there's something in your heart this morning that you love the Lord, he said there had to be a creator first to create that love. You've not sinned away your day. Listen, let listen what he says now. He says, he goes, "If you send away your day of grace, you would hate Jesus. But you love him." He goes, "You're all right. That's just the devil lying to you. You're nervous. Come here and I'll cast them away from you if you'll believe. Do you believe? Just a spirit that got on them. Now, let's let's show the other side of that. When you don't have a love for God, when you don't have any representation, when you send away your day of grace, he said, "This is how you'd be." He said, "Wait a minute." He goes, "I'm going to leave you." He said, he's talking to this young lady and he goes, "You remember that night, preacher? What you told me? God was giving me my last call. She said, "It's the truth and you have a privilege to tell anywhere you want it." She said, "But I'm forever lost. My heart has become so black that I can see my mother's my own mother's soul fry in hell like a pancake and laugh at it." That's stepping over the line of grace. That's a seed that'll never be quickened because there's no representation there. See he brother said that's the danger of rejecting Christ. See you get so hard so callous that you want nothing to do with it. But oh blessed be God says in John 1 vers12 he says but as many as received him gave him the power to become sons of God. To those that believed on his name which were born not of the blood nor of the will of flesh nor the will of man but of God. So you were predestinated church. As we close, musicians, you can make your way if you would. In the invisible union, he says, "Jesus the word took my place. He became me that a sinner that I might become him, his word." He goes, "Let he let me hold true to it." Not the church, the word. The spiritual union of Christ and his church now when the flesh is becoming word and the word is becoming flesh, manifested, vindicated. Just what the Bible said would happen is happening in this day. He says we're near the coming of Jesus to be united with his church where the word becomes word. Call of the Holy Spirit searching the hearts. He says you're standing completely. You never sinned in the first place. God don't even know anything about it. It's in the sea of his forgiveness. You never did it. You were accused of it by the accuser. But really, from the beginning, oh hallelujah, church. From the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and daughter of God. You were not predestinated to go down in destruction. But you were predestinated to be a son of God, to be a daughter of God to rise in victory. You are the pure, sinless, virtuous bride of Jesus Christ. Oh, hallelujah. That's who you are this morning. Predestinated to quickening power. You are the virtuous sinless pride. Pride of Jesus Christ. Oh church, some of you been longing waiting. He's already slipped a wedding band on your finger. Just look down, start admiring it. I remember when I proposed to Jessica there in Hawaii, man. I whipped out this box, born out wine sun glistening down on that ring and it was glistening. And she looked at me, "Did you ask my daddy said, "Girl, I wouldn't be in Hawaii if I didn't." And she looked at Oh, she was an admiring the ring. And if I can just get you this morning. Oh, just admire. Admire what he placed on your finger. Admire the ring that he placed on it. It's a wedding band predestinated unmarried grace. Nothing that you did, but he did it in himself. Let me tell you, you ain't got to worry about did you ask my daddy? He is your daddy. He is your father. He is your husband. He is your bridegroom. And he just wants you. Let's say I'm here to quicken you this morning. Admire what he done for you. Oh, let me close on this. Let me close on this. The law required a kinsman redeemer. church, the book of redemption, was closed. That book that we talk about today that's open, one time it wasn't open. It was closed and it had seven seals on it. And can I tell you, brother Tim, no man was found worthy. I mean, we got favorite preachers, but even our favorite preachers wasn't worthy open up this book. But the law required a kinsman redeemer. And your prophet said, "And grace met the requirement." Said, "Grace, God's grace met the requirements of a kinsman redeemer." He said, "The virgin birth produced the product." That's right. said what should have been there in the garden. He said the virgin birth produced it. So when John in Revelations 5 as we begin to close, you can stand with me this morning. When John began to look, he was looking at a closed book. He was wondering, it's the book of redemption. Will I be in there? It's the book of those that'll be quickened by the Holy Spirit, be quickened to a new life. And John wondered, John pondered. Job be to weep. God begin to cry because no man, brother Mike, was found worthy. That's right. No prophet down through the ages was found worthy to take the book, much less look at it. And John began to weep. Brother Jonathan, John began to cry. Oh, but there's a voice. There was a voice that come out said, "Weep not, John. Weep not." The lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. Can I tell you? He prevailed. He's prevailed not only to take the book, but to take all the seals off of it. You know, John didn't that like some of us. John just didn't come in there and close his arms when he saw that the book was was taken. Now, there was a man found worthy. And notice this man had to be kinsman. He had to be a man. He couldn't be an angel. So he couldn't be some supernatural. He had to be a man. There was only one man. God came down through the form of his son and he was the one that became the lion or the lamb of the the tribe of Judah there and he took the book. And when John saw that the book was taken, John just didn't say amen. No. When John recognized that when he saw the book become open and he saw his place in the word, he saw his place in redemption. He saw that he could be quickened. dies in everything in heaven, everything on the earth, everything under there. They heard I died shouting and screaming and worshiping. God wasn't ashamed to worship. God wasn't ashamed. He was in the presence of 24 elders, but he still worshiped God. He was in the presence of angels, but he still worshiped God. Everything, hallelujah, heard our shouting. Notice church as we close by one spirit we're baptized into that body. God deserves your worship. And he's coming. He's coming to quicken that predestinated. Quit looking at your failures. Turn away from your struggles. Turn away from your habits. Start looking into the opening of the word. Look for your name. Oh my. He says in one place it ain't the person that comes predestinated. It's the seed. Do you see your seed, brother Tim? Do you see your seed there? I always was. I always will be. Hallelujah. Let's just pray. Father, how we thank you this morning, Lord. Lord, you have predestinated a people, an end time bride, Lord, for quickening power. Lord, that we will we will pass off of this life, Lord, this this old earthly life and all this failures and disappointments and calamities, Father, be made alive, brought to life again. Lord, you sent us a message, Father, in this hour. A message of grace. Lord, I'm so thankful for this message you've given us. Lord, it's quickened my life, my heart, my soul to believe in. And I believe you're here this morning, Lord. Your prophet would tell us it wasn't only to quicken us, but it was quicken every promise to us this morning. Lord, there's promise of healing. There's promise of deliverance. this promise of salvation, promise of prodals returning home. All these things lay in that word, Lord, and you quicken it to us in this hour. And we're so thankful, Lord, we can be a people, Lord, that can see our names in that book, Lord, and recognize we're part of the promise. And I just invite you this morning now, Lord, let the word just be quickened. May it fall on fertile ground this morning, Lord, take this message, God, and just place it perfectly in the heart of the believer. We're so thankful. We love you. We just commit the service to you now father in Jesus name. Amen. You are love. You bring love. You bring light to the darkness. You are. You restore every heart that is broken. Oh, great are you, Lord. You give life. You give love. You are love. You bring light to the darkness. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. And great are you, Lord. It's your bread in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your bread in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to the holy. Oh great, you give life. Oh you give light. You are love. You bring light to the dark. Oh you give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Tell him say, "Greater are you, Lord. It's your in love." So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your bread in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. [Music] Oh great are you and all the earth will shout your praise. Oh our hearts will cry these bones. Oh, great. [Music] Oh, say all the earth and all the earth will shout your praise. Oh, our hearts will cry. These bones will sing great. Oh, just take a moment to tell him he's great. Sing it again. Say, "All the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you. It's your grave. It's your gra in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your grace. in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Oh [Music] great. It's your praise. Say it's your in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your bread. in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. Oh great are you Lord and great are you Lord. [Music] Oh, tell him say great are you. The bride sending from every nation. The lamb is calling out his own. [Music] Keep pressing higher, higher. Revelation's overflowing. [Applause] Soon we will sing around the throne. Oh, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. Oh, with all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Filled with wonder. All struck wonder. Oh, at the mention of your name. Oh Jesus, your name is power. [Applause] Such a marvelous, a marvelous mystery. [Music] And holy, holy, holy, oh God of who was in it and is to come with all creation. Oh, praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything. Oh, and I will. Amen. Let's sing that verse again. Sing. Filled with wonder. Oh, aruck wonder at the mention of your name. Oh Jesus, your name is power breath and living water in such a marvelous mystery. Holy, holy, holy is the God who was in it and is to come with all creation I sing. Oh, praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything. Oh, and I will. And holy, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God. Oh, who was and is and is to come. With all creation, with all creation, I sing. Praise to the King of Kings. Oh, you're my everything and I will adore you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He's wonderful. You are here. You're moving in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. [Music] Oh Lord, I worship you. You are here. You're moving in our worship. [Music] Oh Lord, you're here. [Music] And Lord, I worship you. [Music] I worship you. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. I am Oh, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise. Oh, light in the darkness. My God, that is true. Oh, and you are here and you're touching every heart. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You are healing and you're healing every heart. Oh Lord, I worship you. I worship you cuz you are the way maker miracle work promise. Oh light in the darkness my God that is who you are. [Music] Oh promise keeper keeper. Yes, my God, that is who you are. Say that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Oh, even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop. Oh, you never stop. And even when even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, Lord, I know you never stop. You never stop. Cuz you are here and you're touching every line. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. You are here and you're meeting every need. Oh, I worship you. I worship. Oh, just sing way maker say you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper. Oh, you're my God. [Music] Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. That is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. That is who. Oh, tell him again. Say, that is who you are. Amen. Has he made a way for you, for your situation? Turned your life around, met your need, healed your body, that is who you. Oh, that is who you are. Yes, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. I'm going let you be dismissed as we go. We'll sing that chorus to him again. He's a way maker. No matter what the week looks like ahead of you, he's a way maker. Amen. Just go rejoicing and worshiping him. Amen. As brother Joe talked about with Jeremiah, he knows he knows you in his mind. He knows what you're going through and he's a way maker and a miracle worker. Amen. God bless you as you go. Remember the service on Wednesday. Amen. Just go worshiping him. You are my way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkest. Oh, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise. Oh, in the darkness my God, that is who you are. You are way make miracle work promise, oh light in the darkness. That is who you are. And that is who you are. [Music]
