################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - Faith to Stand - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on May 28, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-28
Title:    Faith to Stand - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on May 28, 2025
Speaker:  Timothy Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWpqu4fMkpM
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Just suppose God serves throughout heaven. and couldn't find one willing to [Music] be the brave sacrifice that was needed. that would buy eternal life for you and me. and had it got there for a place called Mount Calary. and had it not been for an old rug cross. Oh, had enough for a man. Oh, called Jesus. Then forever my soul would be. Sing it again. had it nothing. Oh, and had it not been for a place called Mount Calary. And had it not been for the old cross. had enough for a man called Jesus. Oh, forever my soul will be lost. And I'm so glad he was willing. Drink that bitter cup. Although he prayed, "Father, let it pass from me." I'm so glad he didn't call heaven's angels. from my hands. Pull these nails and set me free. Oh, had it not been for a place called th Calary? And had it not been for the old cross. Oh, had it not been oh called Jesus then forever my soul will be lost. And if that is in love, then the ocean is bright. There's no stars in the sky and the sparrow can fly. Oh, if that is in [Music] love in heaven, there's no feeling like this. Oh, if that is Oh, let's sing that again now. say, "Oh, if that is in love, then the ocean is dry. There's no stars in the sky. And the sparrow can't fly if that is in love. Oh, it's a man. There's no feeling like this. Oh, if that is s and water you turn [Music] into open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you or none like you. And into the darkness you shine. Out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Oh, water you turn. Say it again now. Oh, and water you turn. Oh, let's all stand and sing it and say you open. Lord, there's no one like you. Oh like you into the darkest we out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh none like you. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. [Music] Oh say our God and our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God you are higher than [Music] any power our God. [Music] Oh, and if our God say, And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could save him? Oh, and if our God is for us, then who could? Oh, if our God is with us, then why could we stand again? [Applause] [Music] Oh, what can we stand [Applause] again? Oh, what can we stand [Music] again? Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher. Oh yes, you are Lord. Yes, you're awesome in power, our God. Oh, Satan, if our God and if our God is for us, then you could never stop us. And if our God is with us, then what could we say again? Oh, never stop us. And if our God is with us, then what can we sing [Music] again? Oh, what could again save my God? Oh my God is gater. My God is stronger. God you are. Oh, is that the God you serve as a healer? My God is healer. Awesome power. Oh, that's my God. Sing it now. Say, "My God is gater. My God is stronger. You are higher than any other. Oh yes, you are Lord. Our God. Oh my [Music] God. I'm expecting [Music] anticipating a move of God. Acting. [Music] What is that your desire tonight? Oh, I'm expecting. I'm expecting. Oh, a move of God. Oh, I'm expecting anticipating the move of God. The move and mighty you are. Holy you are. Your mercy endures forever more. Righteous you are. Oh great you are. I will exalt you. Oh my God and king and a mighty you are. Oh, holy, you are the mercy endures forever more. Righteous you are, oh great you are, oh Lord. Say it again. [Music] Mighty and mighty wrong. Holy hero, oh your mercy and news [Music] forever. Righteous you are great. You are my God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You just want to lift to them this evening. We don't have any written requests. Know we have a few sisters that are very close to having their baby and need a touch in their body. Amen. No doubt many needs represented this evening. Just wanted to sing the song. You are the God that he [Music] me. You said your word and healed my disease. You are the Lord, my healer. Oh, we just sing that to him again. You are the God. Whatever that request is, he just lift it to him and say, you are the Lord, oh my healer. You said your word and heal my disease. You are the Lord my heal. You are the God. You are the God that health me. You are the Lord my healer. You sent your word. Oh, and he might. Oh, you are the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing it the way the Bible has it written. I am the Lord that heal thee. I am the Lord your He Oh, I sent my word. I said my word. Yes. And he Amen. You believe that's still true today. I am the Lord. You're he. Say it again. Say, I am the Lord. that hear the thing. I am the Lord your [Music] heer. I said my word. [Music] Amen. You believe that this evening? He's the Lord that health thee. We got a testimony right here. Brother Kenny, it's great to see you tonight. He's the Lord that healthy. No matter what you're struggling with or no matter what you're going through, he's an ontime God. Britney, he's the Lord that health it. He knows your situation and he's got you here for a purpose and a plan. If you got a need, just lift it to him tonight. And we're just going to trust God. We spoke about the benefits of being a son and daughter of God last week. I believe we can tap into those benefits tonight for whatever need it may may be that you have. He's a God that healthth not just physical but spiritual, mental, whatever your case, whatever your situation. Father Lord, we bow our hearts and heads to you tonight. What a great privilege we have Lord to come into your presence Lord. The Bible will say, Lord, we enter into your courts with praise. And Lord, that's what we're here for tonight is nor not to bring the worries of the world and the stresses of life into your presence, but God, tonight we just come into your tabernacle and we come into your presence, God. And we bring, Lord, a sacrifice of praise, the fruit of our lips, giving praise to your name tonight. And Lord, we just invite you tonight, Lord, to come and have your way in a personal relationship with each of us. God, you see hands lifted throughout the building, Lord. different ones would Lord maybe some small needs some big needs God but you're the God of all of it Lord you said in your word that you'll supply all our needs according to your riches and glory so we're just Lord want to tap into those benefits tonight Lord to be a child of God to come to the father boldly before your throne knowing that you'll withhold no good thing to us that walk uprightly before you go hands lifted may you just minister not only to the hand but to the heart to that need, Father, whether it be physical need, spiritual need, mental need, God, speak to the needs of the people tonight, Lord, use Brother Timothy, Lord, as he had studied and set time aside, God, that he can just come tonight as a vessel, Lord, an oracle of God, Lord, and may his thoughts be your thoughts and may his voice be your voice. And God, may we feel a moving of the spirit tonight, even on a Wednesday night, Lord. We pray you'll bless, Lord, our visitors tonight. May they feel at home here in our presence, in your presence. God, we just commit this service to you now. And we just give you all the honor, all the glory, and all the praise for we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. The brothers take up the offering this evening. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Yes, we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, fill us with your [Music] power and live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence and fill us with your power. Go and live. You're the living water. You're the living water. You're a never drying fountain, our comforter and counelor. Oh, take complete control and welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Yes, Lord, and live inside. We lift our hands. Oh, we lift our hands to worship you. Oh, Holy Spirit, holy one, and come into this temple and hold us in your arms. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Oh live inside. Say it again. Welcome. Oh holy spirit. Oh, we are we are in your presence and fill us with your power. Oh yes, Lord. Say it again. You're the living water and you're the living [Music] water. You're a never drying fountain. Oh come to [Applause] [Music] cast. Oh welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. We are in your presence. fills us with your power live inside of me. Let's just give the Lord a hand for a moment. Amen. We want to welcome him this evening. Amen. You can be seated. We lift our hands to worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one, oh come into this temple. Hold us in your arms. Oh welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your [Music] power. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am because of what the [Music] Lord. Oh now let the weak say I am strong. [Music] Say I am ready because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Oh, give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks. Oh, give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ the son. Give thanks with grateful heart. Oh to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ. Oh, his son and man. Oh, let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich because of what? The Lord. Oh, he's done for us and now. Oh, let the weak say I'm strong and let the poor say I am rich because of what the Lord has done for us. [Music] All that really [Music] counts. All that's really true. Oh, all that really matterers more is you and everything to gain. Oh, nothing now to lose. All I ever really want is you. Oh, say it again. All that counts. Yes. All that really counts and all. Oh, can you just take a moment to tell them that? Just make it personal to him now. Say, Lord, all that really matters though is you and everything to [Applause] gain and nothing now to lose. All our [Music] everything. Oh Lord, I will [Music] the song tonight. Don't you want to go deeper in love with the [Music] Lord? Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace and take me deeper. Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper. Well, let's sing it again now. Say, "Take me deeper, deeper in love with you, oh Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Oh, take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper. There is a longing. There is a longing. Only you can [Music] feel a raing tempest. Only you can [Music] still. My heart is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I'm known. Drink from the river. Let's all stand and sing before your throne, Lord. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus, hold me close to your embrace. Oh, take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Sunrise to sunset. Sunrise to sunset. I will seek your face. Drawn by your spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. A hope that will abide here in your presence. forever satisfied. Oh, take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Oh yes, Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Oh, take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more. Oh, how I long to be whole. Let's see it again. Take me deeper, Lord. Oh, take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Oh Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more. I want to be. Amen. How many loves the Lord? Amen. Want you just turn around, greet your neighbor today, and say, "I'm happy to be in the house of the Lord. He came to [Music] live live a perfect life. He came to be that living word our life. He came to die so we be reconciled. He came to rise to show his power and might. And that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our every sing. That's why we bow down and worship this king. For he gave his everything. Yes, he gave himself everything. He came to live and forgive us. He came to be our concrete king. Oh, he came to heal and show the lost ones his love. He came to go prepare a place. Oh, and that's why we praise him. [Music] That's why we offer him my [Applause] everything. That's why we bow down and worship this king. For he gave his [Music] name. Yes, he gave. Oh, that's why we praise him. Oh, that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why [Music] we That's why we bow down and worship this king. For he gave his everything. Yes, he gave his everything. Hallelujah. I'm thankful he did. He gave us everything. Gave his life. Amen. For me, aren't you glad that he did that for you, too? Amen. Let's go to a prayer. Father, just want to thank you again. How much we appreciate you and thank you for your grace and mercy and love and kindness that you bestowed upon us, Lord. The grace that we feel tonight in our lives, Lord. How how wonderful that is, Lord. We just want to ask you once again to come by and speak to our hearts. you know the needs of the people that's gathered here tonight. You know the visitors that are among us, their hearts cry, their needs. We just ask, Lord, that you would come and minister to each one. Father, Lord, you'll take me out of the way, Lord. If there be anything we've done or said that not be pleasing to you, Father, we just want to ask God, you bring your forgiveness and mercy and grace once again upon our lives, we ask you for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. in Ephesians chapter 6, also Exodus 14, if you would. Amen. Lord, Amen. gave me the sermon during the night. He just spoke these words to me as I was dreaming that I was ministering. I heard myself speak these words on faith to stand. Amen. And I believe we got to have faith to stand in this hour that we're living in. Amen. Ephesians 6 and verse 10 says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might and put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may be you may a be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all to stand, stand therefore. Also in Exodus 14 and verse 13, and Moses said unto the people, fear ye not, stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you today. For the Egyptians whom you've seen today, you shall see them again. no more forever. And the Lord shall fight for you and ye shall hold your peace. Amen. We'll let you be seated. We, as we know, are in a constant battle, constant fight. The enemy, as we read here, we were warned against powers and principalities, not against flesh and blood as as we could read about David and the mighty men did as they fought the Philistines or different ones or the Egyptians, but we fight against a power that is unseen but yet is very real. I I I I uh it's wonderful to know that even even sicknesses and things are actually uh is a spirit, brother. Uh Jesus would look at that and he would say, "Thou spirit come out of them. Thou infirmity, thy spirit come out." Then he would show us that we're wrestling, amen, against spiritual principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. And and and that's where he's trying to keep us from is that high place. Amen. That place where we belong, seated together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. So we're therefore in a constant fight. And the enemy is waring against us constantly. And it seems sometimes, you know, we can fight in the same battle for days and weeks and sometimes, you know, even years. And the darts of the enemy just keep coming and coming and sometimes it feels like you fight till you have nothing left to fight with. All your strength is gone. So, you know, you ask the question, what do I do? Stand. Stand therefore. Now, you know, you just say, "Well, am I just supposed to stand here and make it easier for the enemy to hit me?" That's what it would sound like, right? Amen. Usually, a a target that is is just in one place is is a lot easier to hit than a moving target. But this is not what he's what he's even talking about. He he's speaking about stand is to stand firm or to be constant or to persevere. Amen. It's it's not just to stand there in a passive position, but it's actually an active position. He didn't say do nothing, but he said stand firm. You're standing firm in the faith and faith on the word of God. And and then this place where your strength ends and it's the place where your strength ends and the power of God takes over you. Amen. because he was saying at the beginning of our reading, he said, "We're standing, amen, in a place, a a place, a position, amen, in the power of his might." If you're standing today, it's not because you have any strength. It's not because you've done anything or you you you accomplished something on your own. You're standing today because of the power of his might. Amen. And so we we we see in other places as we would look into this thought on standing and we see the children of Israel uh uh all surrounded by the enemy on all sides and it looked hopeless and it looked impossible. And I want to break into that for a moment. I'm I'm kind of change a little bit. 2 Corinthia or Chronicles 20 and verse one. And the mo children of Moab and the children of Ammon and and the Amorites were all against them and against Jehoshaphat in the battle. And and you know it seemed impossible. It was a great multitude and and this is what Jehoshaphat even said. He said, "It's a great h multitude that's become against us." And and he feared and he set himself aside to seek the Lord. And and he began to proclaim a fast throughout all Judah. And Judah gathered himself together and asked help of the Lord. And you know, Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation and he began to cry out these words. He said, "Oh Lord God of our fathers, art now thou not God in heaven and rulest not thou over all the kingdoms of heaven? In thy hand is there not power and might so that none is able to withstand thee? Art thou not our God who does drive out the inhabitants of the land before the people of Israel and gave this for a seed to the thy seed of Abraham thy friend forever?" and he begins to unload his heart and he begins to call upon God and he begins to praise him for what he's done and he begins to look back and say, "Hey God, you did this so I know if you did it then you can do it now." He's standing in a place but he's not standing there passively or just a open target, but he's seeking God and he's asking God to move on his behalf and and and and he stood there and he said, "Oh God, Amen. We're our our eyes are looked towards you." Amen. We're our eyes are upon thee. We don't know where else to turn. And and you know that's not a bad place to be. Amen. Because sometimes our eyes are on what a doctor says or what our own thought says or what everybody else says. Amen. But many times God gets us to a place that we can only turn our eyes towards where he's at. Amen. And he said, and when they turn their eyes towards him, then they heard from heaven. And Jehazel, Amen. And the the spirit of God came upon and he said, "Hearken all ye Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou king Jehoshaphat, thus saeth the Lord unto you, be not afraid, nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude, for the battle is not yours, but God's." Amen. The battle is not yours, but God's. But you'll go down against them, and you'll find them. He told him where they was going to be. And you'll need not fight in this battle, but set yourselves and stand ye still and see the salvation of the Lord. Oh Judah and Jerusalem, fear not, nor be dismayed. Tomorrow go out against them, and the Lord will be with you. Hallelujah. Amen. See, they begin to they begin to go out and they and Jehoshhatz, he put worshippers before them and praisers before them. Amen. See, standing firm, praising God in the face of being surrounded by the enemy. That's powerful. Amen. That you can look at your enemy and praise God. That you can look at your circumstances and praise God regardless. Amen. Because your God is greater than your problem. Your God is greater than your circumstances. See, praise is not what comes after. It's what takes you to the victory. Come on, somebody. Somebody said it like this is that praise is not a caboose that comes after, but it's actually the engine that takes you to victory. Come on, somebody. Amen. This is what we're talking about. We're not talking about standing as a standing still target and the devil's got a more of a bullseye on you. No, I'm standing there, but I'm standing behind the word of God. And I'm have my hands lifted. And I'm I'm praising him in spite of my circumstances. And I'm praising him in spite of my fears. And I'm praising him in spite of my sickness. And I'm praising him in spite of all the enemy I see around me. I'm praising him in spite of the doctor's report. I'm praising him in spite if I have to have surgery or if I don't have to have surgery. If I have to take medicine, if I don't have to take it. I am still praising God no matter what. Amen. And so and through their praises, Amen. It was in their praises God set ambushments against their enemies and he slew every one of them. Amen. Sometimes we don't understand how powerful praise really is. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, but many times we ask God to do things and we ask him to heal. We ask him to deliver. ask him to say and then if he don't do it just the way we ask it or we might say he never answered. When we do that, it weakens our faith in God. Amen. It weakens our testimony when we don't just take him at his word and stand there. Just stand there. God always answers. God always answers. Can you bump these up a little bit? They work good. God always answers. Jesus said, "Ask and ye shall receive. Seek and you shall find. Everyone that asks will receive. Everyone that seeks shall find. Anyone that knocks, it will be open to him." The only way to get anything from God is to take him at his word and believe it the way he sends it. Amen. He not he may not send the answer the way you thought it was going to come, but God always answers. Amen. As long as you can stand upon the word of God. He said, "But if we just not take him at, you know, just the way we think it ought to be and the way we've asked for it be. We've made God into an idol. That God does it the way we asked him to do it. He's got the answer. It's according to our ways." Well, it's just no good. It didn't answer me because you know why? It didn't come the way I thought it was going to come or or the way I expected it was going to come. God answers in many ways. Sometimes, you know, we want we want God to heal. And I how many believes God's a healer? But God answers many different ways. Amen. He can answer sometimes with a miracle and take it completely out of your body. Or he can answer through healing. And healing can come in many ways. He can use doctors. He can answer that way. He can use medicine. He can answer that way. He can use Amen. Amen. Just the healing power of God. But no matter what, it's God's healing power working on the inside of you. Because we know doctors only assist. Medicine only assists. It's not the healing powers. God's a healer. Amen. Amen. So, we see, you know, we see that many times things comes in a peculiar way and and everything kind of odd. We don't don't expect it that way. You know, you can look at Moses's life and and Moses was 80 years old. And many of us would think, well, that's too old for God to deal with, you know, to do anything with him. He's an old man. He's unexpected. It's unexpected his age to be to God to use him. Another thing, you know, he came to Mount Horb as an unexpected place. God met him in an unexpected time, an unexpected place, in an unexpected way. God didn't meet Moses the way he usually met men. He met Moses in an unusual way, the way he chose to meet Moses. Come on. That's the way he answers our prayers is the way he chooses to answer our prayers. It ain't the way I choose it. It's the way he chooses it. It ain't the time I choose. It's the time he chooses. Amen. Some of you have dealt with things for years, uh sicknesses for years, or or you've been crying out to God for your salvation of your children for years. Just stand therefore. Stand on it anyhow. It doesn't matter if the wind seem to get stronger and and the storm seems to get worse and and the problem seem to persist night after night and day after day. Stand on the word. His word said by my stripes I am healed. By his stripes I'm healed. That's the way it's all. He's always right. God is always right. His timing is always right. It may not be our timing the way we want it and the way we expect it, but God is always right. makes us, you know, if if we don't if we think it will it ought to happen this way, then it makes us let loose and we fall back and we don't stand. But let's ask God and then stand on the word and don't back off of that word. Doesn't matter if the fever gets worse or the swelling gets worse or the problem gets worse or or your child gets worse. It doesn't matter. Those are just circumstances. And people are real good about praising circumstances and and lifting up circumstances and exalting circumstances. I ain't here to exalt circumstances. I'm here to exalt the greatest God. Amen. The most powerful force that's ever been known to man. The most powerful thing that you can stand upon, the word of God. His word remains when the doctor's report changes. His word remains when your child comes home. His word is still the same. Or if they don't come home, he's still the same. Or if it's months or years that you're you've been asking God and you've been seeking God and you've been looking for God and you've been wondering, "How is this going to be?" God's got the right time. God's got the right moment. He's got the answer and it may be on the way. That ain't the time to give up when the answer's on the way. That ain't the time to say, "Well, maybe it ain't so. Maybe it's just another time. Maybe I'll get it." No, I'm standing up on the word of God. When he comes, will he find faith? Many times it becomes in a way it's kind of disguised and we thought wow how could was that God? But no matter the way it comes if we have asked we shall receive. He did not say ask and you might receive. He didn't say that. He said you shall receive. Amen. So who if you ask you will receive God said so and that settles it forever if God said it. When you get to talking to God like that and believing it. Moses what if he had said well I prayed for God to make me a military man and here he's told me I got a stick. I asked him for an army and he gave me a donkey and a child and a wife. I asked him for shields and swords and all I got to show for myself was a rod. It was an unexpected thing. It how it was very unexpected for Moses. Amen. He was hiding from God, matter of fact. And he was out on the back side of the desert. It was an unexpected morning that that God came down on a hillside and and a burning bush started coming appearing and he said, "I'm going to turn aside and see what this is because this bush has been on fire and it ain't burned up yet. Something's up." And so he walks up there and a voice speaks out of it. And calls him Moses. Hello. Did you catch that? He didn't call him Bob or John or He called him Moses. God knew who he was. Yeah, Moses might have forgot about it. Moses might have forgot who he was and what he was sent to do. He had been told all of his life he was born to be a deliverer and he tried to do it. But 40 years on the back side of a desert, he might have forgot all about it. But God never forgot. And he said, "Moses, take off your shoes cuz the ground you're standing on is holy ground." That was unexpected. Not every day do you walk out in the bush burning. It's on fire but ain't consumed. Is that happen? Is that every day occurrence? No. No. No. Matter of fact, it's only happened about one time in recorded history. There's another bush that got a whirling wind in it. I know that. Amen. But see, it was unexpected. Moses could have looked at that and said, "Well, it wasn't exactly how I thought it was going to be. That wasn't exactly the way I thought I was going to get healed or or thought it would happened a long time ago. I thought God had delivered 40 years ago, but it was God's timing. God had said it for over 400 years ago that he's going to bring them out with a mighty hand. He wasn't going to let that promise fall to the ground. He was going to fulfill it. Amen. So, he just waited for the right time. Amen. For the man to get in the right place. What do you mean the right place? He was on the back side of the desert. I'm talking about on the inside where he could receive something. Come on, somebody. Where he could receive, Amen. the voice to speak to him. God has allowed some of y'all to go through things in your life to get you to the right place that the I am can go to talking to you. That the I am can go to revealing himself to you and show you, I still know who you are. You might have been in a sickness a long time, but I still know who you are. Amen. Your sons and your daughters are out there, but I still know their name. So many times we get all in a place where we can't stand still. We get all nervous and tore up. You know, just as we start to do something good, trouble comes. Yeah, that's the way it is. That's the devil trying to upset the program of God. You find that in your individual lives. You see it in the church world. You see it even in in the political realms. Stuff is getting stirred up. Who's doing it? Well, it's them Democrats. No, it's the devil. Republicans or Democrats. Come on. Well, it's Russia. No, it's the devil. Well, it's Trump. No, it's the devil. He's the ruler of the kingdoms. Amen. So he keeps it all stirred up and the church world is stirred up and you know it's the way we get it. But he said if we we can know that when we're getting ready to do right wrong is always there to resist. Come on. You know how it was when you started to feel in the pull to give your heart to God. It was a spirit that said, "No, not this service. Maybe next Sunday. Maybe maybe on the next not not this one. No, don't go for prayer tonight. Don't do that tonight. go. You know, it's like to carry it out there in front of the horses on to the next service. On to the next service. And the devil will keep you defeated for a long time. Amen. But when you realize, hey, tonight's my night. This is my time. This is my service. Amen. I can have an answer from God. I can have what I've been requesting. I've been looking for. Amen. Maybe tonight is my night. So, I'm going to stand upon the word of God. This great hour of frustration and frustration, the Lord spoke, spoke through Jehaziel, stand still and see the salvation of the Lord. You'll not fight this battle. You'll not fight this battle. You know he said in this great hour where the great church people and great churches are stewing and fussing with each other and denominational barriers are breaking us apart and we battle from this side to that side. It's time to stand still. Stand on the word of God. It's God's battle. It ain't my battle who's going to be in the bride. Ain't my battle who's in and who's out. He said all the father has given me will come. That's his battle. The battle is the Lord's. Sure. He wants to keep us all stirred up and worried and freating. How's it going to be? How is this going to come to pass? How that How are we going to get to this place? How what's it going to take? What what it ain't my battle. It's God's battle. Children of Israel had to have faith to stand. As we read at the Red Sea, they were trapped. Could look in cliffs and mountains on both sides, the sea in front of them. Maybe that's the way you feel tonight. There ain't no way out of this situation. I'm in brother Timothy. See in front of them Pharaoh and his army behind them all covered on all four sides. But they they forgot for just a moment there was an angel that was with them. Because they begin to cry out, murmur and complain, you know, is there not any graves in Egypt? We could just die there. All of our forefathers are be buried there anyway. Is there not could was there not another spot for me to be buried there? Why' I have to come out here and die? and they begin to complain and fuss and murmur and all of a sudden that whirl of fire that had been leading them and they I I'm sorry I I I I don't I can't hardly compute to a people that could be in that that condition that that would have a fire leading them and then go stand between them and their enemy and still fussing and carrying on. Come on. Well, let me tell you, we got the same kind of fire. That fire has not left the church of the living God. I want you to understand, if you have prayed the prayer of faith, that fire is standing between you and that sickness. If you have called on God, amen, for your children, that fire is standing between your children in hell. That fire is standing there. It is still standing there today. And many times we think our circumstance or our enemy is between us and our God. No, no. It's God that's standing between us and our enemy. It's God that is standing between you and that sickness or it destroyed you a long time ago. One time when the test was on, covenant people would come out of Egypt led by the Holy Spirit. They come they come through they come through the Red Sea and they had went in through the wilderness and we we save time but they come to another crossing the Jordan River and Moses has sent 12 spies across there and 10 of them come back said wait wait wait a minute we they they're too big we're too small this is impossible but there were two that went over there and they came back with a different report Now there's 10 that says nope impossible. Two that says possible. We're more than able. Not even talking about possible. We're talking about more than able. We're not talking about might be. We're talking about more than able. Come on. Amen. The church world for the majority in this hour saying, "Amen. The days of miracles are passed." They're saying, "God doesn't heal like he used to. God doesn't save like he used to." But there's still some that's standing here today said we're not just able. Our God's not just able. He's more than able. Listen, I'll stand in the face of cancer and defy that devil. I don't care how loud it scream. I'll stand in the face of brain. I don't care how loud it scream. Amen. My God's not just able. He's more than able. Apparently, they they got to looking at how big their enemy was and they forgot how big their God was. Listen, that's what the mountain wants you to do. You got a mountain before you. It might be brain issues. It might be sugar I be. It might be whatever it is. It can be right before you and that mountain begin to squall and holler and scream at you just as like like that like that spirit or that demon did to that man. He said, "Boo." move, you know, and he didn't jump back. And he said when he did, he got smaller and the spirit got bigger. He said, "Well, all of a sudden, he hit up against something." Kept going back, getting smaller and smaller and smaller till he's getting almost felt like I ain't no way I'm going to get out of this situation. He's too big. But all of a sudden, he said something that was bigger. And he grabbed a hold of that word, he said, "Boo devil." And when he said it, amen, the devil got smaller and he got bigger. Boo devil. He got small, bigger, and the devil got smaller. Amen. I think it's time we start continuing with the promises of God. That cancer wants to scream boo. I scream boo back. By his stripes, we are healed. That devil wants to say your children's never coming home. I say boo back. That's right. I say boo back. They shall be there and their offspring with them. That's right. It's time we take the word of God and we stand upon it. It doesn't matter how I feel. It doesn't matter what I feel, what I see around me. It only matters what he said. Hallelujah. It's time we deny our feelings and make our God bigger than our feelings. It's time we deny our circumstances and make our God bigger than our circumstances. Caleb stealed the people and says, "We are well able to go over and take it." Matter of fact, I found a good spot to build a house. Where was that? Right on that mountain. Well, Caleb, don't you know there's giants up in that mountain? Yep. Sons of Anoch. But my God said he gave it. That's what somebody needs to do today. That giant got your child by the throat and he's saying he ain't going to let him go, but my God gave it. That's my inheritance. That's what God gave me. I'm not backing up. I'm not bowing. I'm not bending. I don't care how bad it looks and how bad the circumstances look. I could care less what the devil looks like. I could care less if he's got one or a thousand or 10,000 or 10 million. I know there's more with me than there is against me. And if God be for us, who can be against us? Many times we don't recognize it to be God. When he answers, we must recognize that he is God and he changes not. He said, "I think that's a very needy thing today is for the people to stand still and see what God has promised. Remember his promises. They are true and amen. It's a day that God, this is a day that God is fulfilling his promises." So all this worry and fear and every anxiety and turmoil around us, these things must be part of the prophecy. Amen. the governments and wars and rumors of wars and all this stuff that's going on. These things must be amen. They they've got to come. But in the middle of it, don't forget God is still fulfilling his promises. All that stuff happens to try to keep our eyes off of what's really important. That in the middle of all this turmoil, in the middle of all this stuff going on around us, God is constantly fulfilling the prophecies, checking them off one by one by one by one by one. Come on. We've seen it happen. Amen. So when we see those things, you must just stand there and watch the promise and not the circumstance. Come on. Oh, hallelujah. If you can get your eyes off the circumstance and get your eyes on the promise, God promised you that he could heal you and he would. So get your eyes on that and get it off the circumstances. I want to read something to you that I I I read today. It's in the Passion translation, so forgive me if you don't like it, but I love it. Psalms 46 and verse one. God, you're such a safe and powerful place to find refuge. You're a proven help in time of trouble, more than enough, and always available whenever I need you. That right there's enough to just go on just have a good old shouting time. He's a proven help in the time of trouble more than enough and always available whenever I need you. So when we will never feel fear even if every structure of support has crumbled away. Huh? We will not fear when the earth quakes and shakes and there's movement of mountains and casting them into the sea. For the roaring raging roar of stormy winds and for the crashing waves cannot erode our faith in you. And David says these this word saw you know what that means? That means to pause and calmly think about it. Wait a minute. Wait, let me read. Structures of fellow crumbled, fear, earthquakes, mountains going into the sea, stormy winds, crashing waves. I'm supposed to calm, pause, and calmly think about this. You're looked at the wrong parts. We will never fear. We will not fear. because that can never erode our faith away from you. Pause and calm and think about that. It's going to take a stronger win. Hello. Listen, the devil's been trying for 6,000 years to stop it. He ain't stopped it yet. What makes you think he going to get down to 6,0001 or whatever we're at and say, "Now I got to stop." He ain't stopped it yet. said he ain't going to stop it ever. Come on. He didn't stop it with a fall. He didn't stop it with none of the nonsense he brought upon the earth. He didn't stop it with all the sin he brought upon the earth. He hasn't stopped it with a thousand time thousand demons being released. He ain't stopped it yet. He ain't going to stop it never. This word will be fulfilled. Pause and calmly. Think about that. God has constantly is a has a constantly flowing river which sparkling streams bring joy and delight to his people. His river flows right through the city of God's most high of God most high into his holy dwelling places. And God is in the midst of his city, secure and never shaken. At daybreak, his help will be seen with the appearing of the dawn. What it is? the rising of the sun. Come on. Got to look at this a little different than most people look at it, right? His help will be seen with the appearing of the dawn. It is a rising of the sun. When the nations are in uproar with their tottering kingdoms, God simply raises his voice and the earth begins to disintegrate before him. Here he comes, the commander, the mighty Lord of angel armies is on our side. Hallelujah. The God of Jacob, he fights for us. Pause and calmly. Think about that. That's right. Amen. Cancer, you're fighting us. Brain tumors, you're fighting us. Every kind of spirit is fighting us. Every kind of sickness is fighting us, which is a spirit. Amen. Every one of them are against us. But the here he comes, the commander, the mighty Lord of angel armies. Hallelujah. Of angel armies. That's the one that is on your side. I'm here to tell you the one, the God of angel armies is bigger than the God of cancer. The God of angel armies is bigger than the God of depression. The God of angel armies is bigger than the God of fear. Everyone look, come and see the breathtaking wonders of our God. For he brings both ruin and revival. He's the one who makes conflicts in throughout the earth, breaking and burning every weapon of war. Surrender your anxiety. Hello. Surrender your anxiety. Be silent. Stop your striving and you'll see that I am God. I am the God above all nations and I'll be exalted throughout the whole earth. Here he stands, the commander, the mighty Lord of angel armies. He's the one that's on our side. the God of Jacob who fights for us. I'll read in the King James version. Be still and know that I am God. When you're in sickness, know he's God. When you're surrounded and enemy all around you, still know he's God. He's in control of every situation, every sickness, every problem, anything that can come upon you. But when God gets ready to do something, the people gets tore up. That's the reason they were tore up on their journeys because, you know, they they had a mixed multitude. There was believers and non-believers. There was all kinds of things. God, you know, wants to make a move, he says, and there's usually some mixed multitude, you know, attracts the attention of a lot of different people. But when God makes a move, said you'll find isms, you'll find everything moving with it. But then the testing time comes. That's when you'll find who's truly a son or a daughter. Those who can withstand the testings. Amen. God gives them gives you a test to prove you. But when God is ready to speak, he has to steal the people and just say, "Hold up for a moment. I'm about to do something." Stand still and see the glory of God or the salvation of God. when coming up to the Red Sea. What a what a wonderful time the covenant people with the promise of God standing firm on the promise. And it's so strange to see that when people take a stand for God looks like the devil throws everything in their way. When you stand upon the word, he's going to scream. He's going to holler. He's going to try to make you doubt. It's true. It's been seen in the unseen world. In the ministry of William Brandham, he saw it. He saw he saw this cancers begin to scream out to another. Come and come and help me help me help me to make them disbelieve. They said what it was it the devil saw faith was beginning to rise in the heart and he knew when faith come up he had to go out. So he begins to scream and holler and begin to pull. This is why it's very important that atmospheres and churches you got to be very conscious of them. Amen. Because sometimes it's the devil trying to pull or the devil trying to do Amen. We don't we don't want to give heed to anything he wants. Amen. Nothing to what he desires or how he wants something to go. We mean we want to be surrendered to God and how he wants to go and how he wants to feel and how he wants to move and who he wants to touch. Some of the greatest experience you can have is when you can't get over it or under it. You just stand still and God will make a way through it. He hasn't failed yet and he never will fail. God cannot fail. It seemed the children of Israel had got up to the Red Sea and the pillar of fire leading them in armies behind them and mountains and seas and everything cutting them off. It seemed like it was impossible. Sometimes God's pl path leads right to such places. He'll lead you to the point of no return. And you have to make a choice. But you know why he does that? You know why he brings you to the places of sickness or allows you to get to those places or allows you to get in circumstances? Because God loves to display his power. I've used this before. It's such a wonderful story. Brother talk about little Joseph, his little girls. He said, "Let them come sit on his lap." You don't know how it makes me feel. One of them say, "Draw your muscles up, daddy. Draw your muscles up. Oh, you got such big muscles. Big muscles. He said, "Now, there ain't much there now, but as long as they think that, that makes me feel real good." Our heavenly father likes for his children to know he's got big muscles. He can do things for you. Sometimes he said, "I'll even bring the conversation up with my children that it'll lead just to that." Come on, somebody. Amen. I just love to hear him say it. He said, "I used to be a boxer." He said, "But I'm getting old and I'm fat and flabby and decrepit." I've seen him. I don't know what he would think about some of us, but he said, "I'm fat and flabby and decrepit now, but I still like to think that I'm back like I used to be. That I'm still got what I used to have. I still have that youth and that vigor that I used to have. But there's one thing about God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. There is no old age in him. There is no decline in him. There is no stoop in him. There is no saggy bad baggy skin in him. He's not lost a bit of his strength. He's not lost a bit of his muscle. Amen. Amen. He's as just as eternal as he ever was. And if he's eternal as he ever was, he's still as great as he ever was. And if he's still as great as he ever was, he has just as power much power as he ever had. And if he has just as much power as he ever had, he can heal today just like he did yesterday. He can save today just like he did yesterday. Hallelujah. Sometimes he allows you to come to those places in your life. He can show you I have big muscles. I still have the abilities. I still have the abilities to open up the Red Sea. I still have the abilities to supply needs and bring down food and bring down water. I I still have the abilities, Amen, to to to just go and set ambushments against your enemy. Oh my God. I still got the ability to heal the leper. And I still got the ability to heal the blind. I still have the ability to raise the dead. If he's the same yesterday, today, and forever, he still has every one of those abilities. And that's what the Bible says. So if you don't believe that, just tear it out your Bible and throw it in the trash. But I believe it and I've witnessed it. There's no old age in him. Everything that he had at the beginning, he has now. As they got to the Red Sea, God wanted to display his power. So he had the Red Sea to stand still. and he walled itself up and stand attention while that covenant little bunch of holy rollers marched through the breast of it to victory. Did you catch what he's saying? You go listen to the on the tapes on stand still or stand still and see the salvation of the Lord and couple other titles. He he begins to make a transfer. You standing still and then your enemy standing still. But the only way you going to get to your enemy standing still is you got to stand still. He said, "Watch what happened." He made the Red Sea stand still. As they begin to watch, you say, "Holy Rollers?" Yes, they were holy rollers. When they got on another side, they seen what God did. They acted like a bunch of holy rollers. You don't like holy rollers, you don't like us. One singing in the spirit, one dancing in the spirit, beating tambourines. But God had the Red Sea to stand still and watch him display deliverance to his people. His people today would only listen to him stand still to see his promise. He'll He likes to display the same thing to them today. He'll deliver his people from their bondage of sin, from their doubt, from their frustration, from their sicknesses. Every redemptive blessing that Jesus died for belongs to you. Amen. Amen. He made the sun stand still. He made the earth. He made it all stand still so God's people could be delivered. He made the fiery furnace stand still. Children of Israel are the three Hebrew children. They they made a declaration. We're not going to bow. We're not going to bend. We're not we're not worshiping that idol. We're not called We're not idol worshippers. We worship the one true living God. So do what you want to, king, but we ain't bowing. So he commanded to be heated seven times hotter. Throw them in it. Do you notice that the only thing it did any harm or killed was the ones who threw them in and it took their bands off? Next thing you know, they're loose walking around. You said, "How could these things be?" God did it. That's all. That's the only thing I can tell you. If you don't believe in that kind of God, I don't know what you I don't I don't know what you're going to do. He did it when the when Dan Daniel was thrown in the lion's den. He made the lion stand still. Hungry beasts, they had they wasn't getting fed pork chops and t-bone steaks every night. No, they were made to be hungry that when they throw somebody in, they'd go eat them. And he gets thrown in for praying, for doing something that was trapped that was set up. and he see and he gets thrown in and and he's in that lion's den and what happened? God made the lion stand still and watches his prophet. Amen. Daniel begin to pray to God in a lion's den. God allows you to get in places. But if you can get to that place, amen, to where you can just stand upon the word of God, then all of a sudden he'll make cancer stand still. Come on. We saw it happen in this very church. We saw a little woman that got under the power of the Holy Ghost apparently because there was no way she had any strength to do what she did. She was a 90 lb frail woman ate up with cancer in her lungs. But we begin to sing a song leaning on the everlasting arm. And it struck her heart on what have I to dread? What have I to fear? And out of that mezzanine she came and she began to wand run around the building giving praise to God. Come on. Giving praise to God. Somewhere between there and there cancer stood still and she left it behind. Hallelujah. Cuz she went the next day to the doctors and they took scans of her and it was all gone. Well, I say if he did it then, he can do it again. Cuz he's the same God today. You said, "Well, what I got to do?" Stand on the word. There was a blind man that was standing sitting there in Jericho. As he began to hear a noise, he be to cry out, "Thou son of David, have mercy on me." And heaven stood still. Heaven stood. As he was headed toward the cross, he hears a cry. He stops. He turned around. He says, "Who is that?" And they told him who it was. Said, "Go get him." He went and got him. He came and he touched him and he made blindness blindness stand still while man walked away with his sight. He made leprosy stand still while they walked away clean. Amen. He's that kind of God. He he he he still does that. He even made death stand still. He did it at the grave called Lazarus as he was standing there and he be to weep and cry. And people want to say, "Well, that's just a he's cuz he was human." Yeah, but he was human. I'm going to tell you what now. He was also God because God spoke and said, "Lazarus, come out of the grave." And he came out because he said, "I am the resurrection and the life." God made death stand still and Lazarus walk out. Hallelujah. I don't know how I'm gonna read this without just having a conion. Maybe I should read the warning label before I read this. God will make every sin that you ever committed. He'll make the devil that's called your soul for his own. He'll make that devil and the sin stand still tonight. Watch the power of God come down. He'll take away your sin and iniquity and he'll give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He'll surely do it. He'll make every cancer drop. He'll make every blind eye come open. He'll make the cripples walk. He'll let the devil who afflicted you stand still and see the glory of God. Cuz it's not your battle. This is God's battle. Don't be frustrated. Don't be frustrated. Amen. Don't be upset. Stand still. God will test you. He'll bring you to some places. We heard it last Wednesday how he did Job. I love how brother Job brought that out. He said God laid claim to him. He said, "My servant Job." But he brought him to a place. But in all of it, God, Job knew he met God's requirements. He knew he had offered a sacrifice. He confessed his sin. He had done what was right. And God said, "There's none like him in all the earth. He won't curse me no matter what you do." Maybe if your healing's lingered a little bit, it means God's got confidence in you that you'll hold on. Oh, I just love to smack that devil one more time. It ain't because you're a secret sinner or you got you done something wrong or the devil or God's mad at you. Yeah, the devil might be mad, but God ain't mad at you. It ain't because none of that. You if it has lingered for just a little bit, direct quote. God's got confidence in you that you will hold on and you will believe that the Holy Spirit brings the signs and wonders that he promised was be do that he would do and you will accept it and you will hold on because you met God's requirement. But anyway, we see it said stand still means to stand firm or to persevere. Persevere means to be persistent in a goal. It means to be fully persuaded. Doesn't matter what goes on around me, I'm going to be still persuaded. Doesn't matter if it's a strong wind that blows against me for 30 years. I'm still persuaded God's still a healer. I I don't know. Maybe Brother Kenny, it ain't no accident you're here tonight. This is a dream. In my in my dream last night, I was dreaming standing here saying, "You be persistent. Stand there. Stand on the word. Don't back off from it. It'll be worth it. Stand in the faith. Hallelujah. Stand in the faith. When all hell is against you, stand. When the devil says it ain't possible, stand. When he says it's going to fall apart, stand. When he says your family will never be together, stand. When he says your children ain't coming home, stand. Hallelujah. He says you'll never be healed, stand. If he says it's impossible, it's not going to happen, I'm going to take you into death. I'm going to stand therefore in the promises of God, and I'm going to be strong in the faith, fully persuaded that my God's not able. He's more than able. Hallelujah. He wasn't just able, Brother Kenny. He's more than able tonight. He's not just able tonight to kill to heal cancer. He's more than able. Stand. Stand on the liberty that God has afforded you through the word of God. You don't have to bow down to that devil of fear. You don't have to bow down to that devil anxiety. Well, what about my child? What about this? What about that? What about it? What did God say? That's what you look at. Hallelujah. God said it. I believe it. God said it. It's done. Well, it may be 30 years. It's done. It's finished. How do you know it's finished? Because when he raised those two arms in victory, he said, "It is finished." What was he talking about? Sin no longer can reign in a mortal body. But there's a power that'll cast Satan out. That's right. Well, if it cast sin out of your life and it cast unbelief out of your life, it'll cast the devils under him out of your life. Therefore, it cast out cancer. It'll cast out brain tumors. It'll cast out every kind of thing. I've seen it happen. I know he done it and I know he will. Hallelujah. Stand still. 1 Corinthians 16:13 says, "Watch ye stand fast in the faith. Quit you like men. Be strong." 1 Corinthians 2:5 says that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of man, but in the power of God. That's where we got to stand in his power. Why are you still Why is there going to be somebody that's going to be remaining? because they're standing in his power. Because they didn't have his we didn't have his power, his life, we'd be washed away just like anybody else. God in his grace and mercy made our sin stand still. Made our unbelief stand still. Made every demon in hell that tried to hold us stand still while we walk free. So stand fast in the liberty that God has given you. He said it, I believe. Let's sing that. You believe what he said? They say mountains can't be moved, but it can. They say chain, these chains will never break, but they have. But they don't know you like we do. Cuz we're not standing in our own abilities. We're standing in the power of almighty God. [Music] They say they say these chains [Music] are but they don't know you like we do. There is power. Oh yes in your name. Oh that we have heard that there's no way through. We've heard the tide will never change. The tide will [Music] never seen what you can do. Oh yes. There's power. Oh, there is power in your name. So much power. There's so much power in your name. Move the immovable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe. We believe. God, we believe. for it from the impossible. We'll see. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. Oh, yes. God, we believe for [Music] it. We know that hope is never lost. Oh, there's still an empty grave. For there is still an empty grace. God, we believe no matter what. We believe there's power in Oh, so much power. Oh, there's so much power in your name. Through the imm. [Music] Oh, we believe. Oh yes, we believe. God, we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see. God, we believe. We believe in the immovable. Yes, Lord. Oh, break the wall. God, we believe. God, we believe for it all. Oh, [Music] we said it. I believe it. You said it. It is done. Oh, you said it. I believe it. You said it and it is done. Oh Lord, you said it. I believe it. Oh, you said it. It is. Say it again. You said you said it. I believe it. You said it. It is done. Move the immovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God, we believe forever from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. Say, we believe for it. Sing it again. You said, oh, you said it. I believe it. Oh, you said it stone and you said it. I believe it. You said it and it is done. Oh, you said it. I believe it. For you said it, it is done. Prove the imperable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe. Pouring from the impossible. will see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe it. And Lord, I believe in you. I'll believe in you. And though I can see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I find. And Lord, I believe in you. Oh, and I'll keep my trust in you. Oh, let this old world what they made. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe in you. Oh, I'll always believe in you. And though I can see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, for your presence I find, oh Lord, I believe in you, oh in you. Oh, let this whole world say what they may. No one can take this joy away. Oh, I believe he's been faithful. faithful to me. Looking back, his love and mercy I see. Oh, in my heart I have questioned, even failed to believe. He's been faithful, faithful to me. Oh, you've been faithful, so faithful to me. All looking back is more than mercy I can see. Though in my heart I have question even failed to believe. He's been faithful. Faithful. Oh, say he's been faithful. He's been faithful. You've been faithful to me. [Music] Looking back, your love and mercy I can see. Oh, in my heart. Oh, even fails to leave. Faithful, faithful to me. I just want to speak of Jesus over heart. I know there is peace within your presence. I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Every dark addiction starts to pray. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name. Oh yes it is. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows burn like a [Music] fire. Oh, I just want to speak the name Jesus over fear and all. Amen. To every soul held captive. [Music] Oh, can you shout Jesus today? Jesus. And your name is power. Your name is power. Your name is healing. [Music] Oh, break every struggle. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Music] fire. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus is free. Oh Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. Can you say Jesus for my family? I speak the holy name. Jesus. Oh shout Jesus. Say shout Jesus. Oh Jesus free. Jesus in the [Music] darkness. Oh, I say Jesus for my family. Oh, yes. Oh, Jesus. Oh, can we sing it again? Shout Jesus tonight. Say, shout Jesus from Oh yes, Jesus is. Oh Jesus in the darkness over everything. Yes Jesus for my family I speak the holy name Jesus. Oh your name is power. Oh, your name. Oh, it's life in every [Music] stronghold. Your name is power. [Music] Your name is healing. Your name [Music] is Break [Music] every break [Music] every break every stronghold. [Music] for your [Music] mercy and all my days. From the moment I wake up. [Music] Till I lay my head. I will sing of your goodness. [Music] I love your voice. I love your voice. Oh, can you say it's led me through the fire? Oh, in the darkest night, you've been close, Lord, like no other. And I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the good, oh God. Oh, with all your voice sing all my life. Oh, just declare to him now. Say, you've been so good, Lord. [Music] So good. Oh, with every breath that I am thankful. Oh, I will sing. Oh God, say all my life. Oh my life. Oh yes, Lord. You've been so good, Father. Oh my life. So good. Oh, with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me with my life laid down. Oh, I give you everything. Your goodness is ready. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Believe the first person to sing that song in this church is sister. If you come help me sing that, Sister, what a testimony to say his goodness is running after me. I think the world needs to know the goodness of God. You want to see a testimony? Here's one right here. Brother Timothy talked about healing power of God. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am. He took the cancer away from those lungs. We could give him every breath we have of the goodness of God. Say your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after me, running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. Running after your goodness, your goodness, your goodness is running after. running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after running after me. Hallelujah. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. Oh with every breath with every breath that I am I will sing of the goodness. Oh, let's just sing it again without the music, just in one voice. Sing, oh, all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, just give him praise for a moment. Just give him praise for the goodness of God. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's wonderful. Hallelujah. You say, "He's led me through the fire." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's been closer than a friend, closer than a father, closer than a brother. Hallelujah. The song says, I have lived in the [Music] goodness. Hallelujah. For you, Lord, are the words of eternal life. Oh, aren't you thankful those words have anchored down in your soul? [Music] So, praise God. I believe the Lord's doing some things tonight. Just want to give a little testimony I want to share with you. Sister Jennifer Mason wrote me the other day. She said, "I was healed instantly of arthritis when I went through the prayer line." This is from camp. said, "I've hurt for several months now. So much that I've had to sit in recliner about half the day because of the pain. I've been on Moxyan to slow the progression. The weekend of youth camp was the hardest ever, severe joint achiness. After the prayer line, I noticed all pain was gone, and I've hadn't had any joint pain since." I was praying in my heart that God would heal me because I have so much that I still have to do on a daily basis. I was also praying for my family. When you verbally rebuked the spirit of arthritis, it left. Honestly, honestly, I expected a gradual healing, but God gave me a miracle. And I'm so grateful. And I've stopped medication because I know I will not need it. It damages kidneys and liver after years of use. And I have been testifying to everyone of what God has done for me. Amen. I just asked today, you know, about it. I said, "Are you still walking in victory?" She said, "Absolutely. I've had no joint pain or inflammation since that night. It was really a miracle. And I thank can't thank God enough. I believe all arthritis has stopped in his tracks. Amen. Is stop in his tracks. Amen. Our God reigns. Our God's a healer. Our God's a deliverer. If he'll do it once, he'll do it twice. If he does it twice, he'll do it three times. He's a God of one chance, two chances, three chances, four chances. This God is a God who will not quit. He keeps pouring out his blessings. Amen. I want you to lay hands on one another right now while we pray. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I stand here as a redeemed son of God under the blood of Jesus Christ with the divine commission given to me to cast Satan out. And Lord, you know the enemy has come up against your children. And we have come tonight and heard a message as you interrupted a man's sleep to speak to him even through a spiritual dream. For you said that you that that old men would dream dreams and young men would see visions and I would pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Now Lord, while you're pouring out your spirit, oh God, drive out every enemy. Drive out every demon power, every spirit of the enemy. They go in the name of Jesus Christ and people walk in victory in Jesus name. May the sick be healed. Those that are seeking the Holy Ghost be filled. Those in needs a refreshing in and renewing in their spirit, renew it tonight, Lord. We give it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. We believe. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Give him [Music] praise. Hallelujah. Well, I get joy when I think about what he's done for me. I get joy when I think about Oh, I get joy when I think about Oh, what the Lord has done for me. You see, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. You don't know like I know. Oh, you don't know like I know what he's done for me. What the Lord has done for me. You seem happy when I think about what he's done for me. You get happy. Oh, what he's done for me. I get happy when I think about what he's done. Oh, what the Lord has done for me. And I get happy when I think about Saint. I get happy when I think about Oh, I get happy when I think. Oh, Satan is under my Sing it again now. Oh, I get happy when I think of Satan under my feet. [Music] Oh my happy. Oh s my feet. Oh s. Oh, can you sing this verse now? I get happy when I think about cancer under my feet. I get happy when I think about cancer under my feet. I get happy. Oh, cancer under my feet. Cancer is a king. Oh, you see, he broke my chain and set me free. It's what he's done for me. Oh, what he's done for me. He broke my chains and set me free. Oh, Lord has done for me. You see, he healed my body. That's what he's done for me. He healed my body. Oh, he healed my body. Oh, what the Lord has done for me. Oh, victory, victory shall be mine. Oh victory, victory shall be mine. Oh my hope. Let the Lord fight my battle. Oh victory shall be mine. Victory, victory shall be mine. Oh victory, victory shall be mine. And if I hold my peace, let the Lord fight my battle. Oh, victory shall be mine. And my family, my family shall be mine. Oh my family. Lord, just go ahead and declare it in my heart. My peace. Oh my family shall be mine. Healing. Oh healing. Healing shall be mine. Oh healing shall be mine. If I hold my peace. Let the Lord. Oh healing. Oh, say victory again. Let's sing it as we're dismissed. Oh, victory. Victory shall be mine. Oh, victory. Victory shall be mine. And in my home, my peace and glory. Amen. God bless you as you go. Oh, victory shall be mine. And the Holy Ghost shall be mine. and the Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost shall be mine. Oh, if I hold my peace, let the Lord ride my battle. The Holy Ghost.
