################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Anointed For the Job - Bro. Matt McGeary on April 20, 2025 - Matt McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   Anointed For the Job - Bro. Matt McGeary on April 20, 2025
Speaker: Matt McGeary
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdAa6hpOhAg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] the Lord every day and now. Let our incense rain. Let our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise God and magnify the Lord with me. [Music] Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Exalt his [Music] name forever. Sing it again. Oh, let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. Oh, every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense arrive. Oh, let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending praise. May our incense arise and magnify the Lord with [Music] me. Exalt his name forever. The [Music] glorify when giants come calling my name. Oh my God is so much bigger the trials I face. Oh why would I hunger for power or riches or faith? Oh my God is so much better than all of these things. And I won't be shen. [Music] Oh, can you say that this morning? My God is faithful. My God is true. His promise is true. I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. Oh, my God is bigger, better, stronger than you. Oh, my eneies scatter cuz they know the battle is done. Oh, could you say that this morning? The battle is over. Oh, my God is strong. The victory is already won. And he died for my son. And he rose up on the third day. Oh my. My God is gater than death. telling the praise. Oh, and I won't be sh I won't be faithful. Oh, he's faithful. Is the truth. I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Oh, my God is bigger, greater than you. There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to high, no valley to go. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. Oh, there's no weapon too strong. That's impossible. And I won't be [Music] shen. I won't be moved. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I'll speak to the mountain. It's time to move. Oh my God is bigger. [Music] Oh my God is bigger. [Music] Say, "Oh my God, yes, my God is bigger." Oh, great. Amen. Let's sing it again. Why don't you turn around, tell somebody this morning, say, "My God is bigger." Oh, my God is bigger. Oh, my God is bigger. [Music] Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap this morning. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, did you enjoy church last night? Amen. Amen. We had a wonderful time in the Lord. And I know all of you are probably tired from that. I'm tired, too. Amen. But you just help us all out this morning and and pull on the gift of God in the ministry this morning. We did have a Bible that was turned in. I don't know if it has a name on it. So, if this is your Bible, if you're missing your Bible and you want it, this is what we call the lost and found up in here, but you may need it for service. So, if you want it, you're welcome to come up and grab it at some point during the song service. It won't bother me a bit. Come get your sword. You can have that. Also, there will be a baptismal uh after the service again this morning. We had somebody else that had to talk some things over with the Lord last night and they want to get baptized this morning. Thankful for that. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, another opportunity if you have not been baptized according to the scripture and you want to get baptized as well, there's another opportunity for that after the service today. See, brother Joe Adams and Amen. We can have that. Amen. Also, if you haven't picked up your t-shirt, if you bought a shirt when you registered, if you were registered by someone at your church or your parents registered you and they ordered a shirt for you, we want to make sure you get that. So see brother Joe after as well. Make sure that that shirt gets to you. Amen. We're sort of thankful that you're here. Thankful that you're a part and it's been wonderful to be with you and enjoy the worship. And Amen. God is good. And we have I think about seven or eight maybe nine specials still. We won't get to them. Don't be mad at me. Amen. And we uh and brother Timothy look at them together. We pray over what we're going to do and just trust that you'll give us a little grace if you're not called up and Amen. We're appreciate you offering to use your gift for the Lord. Amen. Let's just go to him together in prayer this morning. Father, we love you. We thank you again for an opportunity that we have here, Lord, to worship you, to lift our hands, Lord. Lord, here's a day that many in the world set aside to remember your resurrection. But Lord, we thank you that you've chosen a bride, Lord, that knows you as a real and living God every day of the week. Lord, in every moment, Lord, that we can come to you and thank you. We want to do that. We thank you for the service this morning, Lord. We thank you for your word for the musicians that have given themselves and the different ones in the booths in the back and the many campers and the counselors each part of this whole camp that you've given us, Lord. And we want to give back to you in this last service, Father, the absolute best that we have. We pray that you'll move on the songs that are sung. Move on the ministry of the word. Touch brother Matt McGaryi as he prepares to minister. Lord, give him wisdom. Give him strength, Lord. Lord, and use him, Father, we pray in a very supernatural way. We love you. We commit ourselves to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You've seen I know a lot of you just turned around, shook somebody's hand. This is the last service. Now you've shaken a lot of hands. Go find a hand you haven't shaken. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. And when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. Oh, let us let it be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Oh, just one glimpse of him glory will the trails of life prepare. way we go into heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, sing Jesus. We'll sing and shout. So it's onward to the Christ before us. [Music] Oh, soon the pearly gates will open. We will spread the streets of gold. And when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We'll sing. We'll shout the victory. again when we [Music] fall. Oh, that will be when we [Music] see sister Lily Keane to bring her special right after her. Sister Kzia Whitmar, if you can bring your special. Sister Lily and Sister Kia. When we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. Oh, it is onward to the Christ before us. Soon his beauty will behold. through the pearly gates will open. He will all sing it again when we [Music] are when we all see Jesus sing and shout victory. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise if you take your seat. [Applause] Amen. Through the eyes of men, it seems there's so much we have lost. As we look down the road where all the water goats have walked, one by one, the [Music] enemies, we know there is more to come that we may not yet seek. So with the faith you've given us, we'll step into the valley [Music] unafraid. We call out to dry bones. Come alive. Come alive. We call out to dead hearts. Come alive. Come alive. out of all the ashes. Let us see an army rise. We call out [Music] sing and by your spirit breathe upon and show the world that you alone can save. You alone can say we all the dragons come alive. Come alive. We call out the dead hearts come alive. Come alive the ashes and see. We go out the [Music] tr Oh, breath of God now. Breathe the breath of God. Breathe the breath of God now. Breathe. Breathe the breath of God now. Breathe the breath of God. The word of God [Music] now the tr come alive come alive the dead hearts come alive come alive out of the ashes let us see an army rise we call out to dry bones Come alive. We call [Music] [Applause] [Music] She frail so she'd reached out but her efforts faith so persistent determined She must touch Jesus. Her friend said just give up for after 12 years of heartaches and failures, disappointments and fears. Accept your condition with a multitude. You will not see us. I can hear her rejoicing as she looks down the lane. She sees someone coming and they're calling his name. Son of David, Messiah. She heard someone call him the healer. The crippled that labor now leaping for joy. Those who were blind were beholding the Lord. Can this be the moment? Or would hindrances many conceal her? Her heartbeat so fast as he came into sight. Her emotions were filled with both joy and with pride. She let him pass by, but not out of reach. And she touched his garment. He turned to speak. Someone's been healed [Music] today. A miracle pass your way. You touched my clothes. You now are made whole. Step forward and claim. Your faith has pulled you through. Your healing has come to you. You can receive today, right now in Jesus name. Satan says, "Give up. You're close to a miracle." Jesus is passing your way. God still in business and does the impossible. Sending out blessings each day. You can be healed today. You'll let a miracle pass your way. Reach out, touch it close. You can be made whole. Step forward and pray. Your faith will pull you through and your healing will come to you. You can receive today, right now in Jesus name. You can receive today, right now in Jesus name. The healer is passing your way. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Do you believe he's passing your way again this morning? Amen. Can we just sing this chorus? Sister Leah [Music] Zoe. I believe you said it. It is done. Oh, you said it. I believe. You say it is Lord. You said it. You [Music] said Hallelujah. You said it. It is done. Oh, you said it. I believe you said. Oh, can you help me just sing it one more time? Go ahead. Just help me sing it. Say, you said it. I believe. Oh, you said. Oh, it is done. Lord, you said it. You said it and [Music] I'm amen. Just sing it to him one more time if you have a need this morning. Say, you said it, Lord. I believe it. Oh, you said it. It is [Music] the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. We believe. Oh, we believe. We believe forever. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. I need a Glory. I love it. [Music] overflowed by your love. The Holy Ghost more than [Music] enough by your [Music] grace. We have been changed. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. I am living. I am living. [Music] Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. I am living. I am living in the world. [Music] God, you are the one given us your name. Declare your kingom come forever. You reign in the open. Found all set free. Where we go, we see the victory. the victory. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. I am living in the overflow. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. I am living in the overflow. Oh, amazing God. Your spirit lost and now we walk in. Oh amazing God, your spirit falls. And now we walk in miracles. Miracles. Mirales. Mirales. Mirales. Everywhere that we go. Mirales. They pour it out. Pour it out. They pour it out. Pour it out. Pour it out. Pour it out. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. in the midst of my soul. Thank you. In my darkest hour, thank you, [Music] oh amazing God. Your spirit was and now we walk in. [Music] Amazing God, your spirit falls. And now we walk [Music] [Applause] in. Hallelujah. Amen. Can you say, "I'm walking in miracles." Amen. Amen. Let's stand together. Amen. How many can say, "I'm walking in miracles." Amen. Amen. Amen. There's an old song that's a good song and it simply says, "I'm one of them." How many can say, "I'm one of them." Amen. There's people almost everywhere. There's people in Louisiana. There's people in Florida. There's people up in Saskatoon whose hearts are all a flame. How many can say, "I'm one of them." Come on. Amen. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I could say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I could say I'm one of them. Oh, there are people almost everywhere. Hearts are all flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost. Made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. Glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I could say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, come my brother. Seek this blessing that'll cleans your heart from sin. They'll start the joy bells ringing. Keep your soul flame. It's burning now within my heart. Glory to his name. I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad I could say I'm one of them. Well, sing that verse again. Help my brother seek this blessing that'll cleanse your heart from sin. That will start your joy bells ring and keep your soul flame. It's burning. Oh, can you say it's burning in my heart? Oh, I'm so glad I could say I'm one of them. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm so glad I could say, "Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. in all my life has been rearranged. What a difference that it makes when the Lord has his way all my life. Praise God. Oh, sing it again. I've been changed. I've been [Music] Well, go ahead and sing it like you mean it. Oh, all my life has been rearranged. What a difference that when the Lord has his way all my life. Praise God. Oh, when at last in his presence, when at last in his presence I stand above, he will w every tear from my eyes. And I'll thank him for giving a wretch like me, a new home beyond the sky. I've been changed. Oh, I've been rehorned. All my life has been rearranged. What a difference it makes. Hallelujah. All right. You say that microphone is more powerful. There's more power in this. There's more power in this microphone cuz there's power in the blood. Well, there is power. Power. There's a wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power. Power in the wonder. Power in the precious blood of the lamb. There is power. Oh, power. Oh wonder working power in the blood in the blood of the lamb of the lamb there is power working [Music] power of the lamb. Hallelujah. Why don't you just praise the [Applause] Lord? I said why don't you just praise the Lord. Go ahead take a little moment. Just give him praise. Lord, thank you for deliverance. Thank you for the victory. Thanks for healing me. Thanks for touching me last night. Lord, thanks for calling me. Thanks for bringing me here. Well, we got a whole lot to praise him for here on this resurrection morning. Because he lives, I live also. Amen. It's all because of him. That's why we're gathered here. You know, the world makes their big gatherings and they celebrate many events and they have big parties for New Years and they make big celebrations out of certain events and championships. But we're here to celebrate the champion of champions, the mighty conqueror. He is not dead, but he is alive cuz he rose on that third day to proclaim, "I am the champion of champions." And the champion of champions is here this morning. and we're going to worship them and give him praise. Amen. All right, we'll just go before the Lord as we have the musicians. Heavenly Father, we just thank you so much, Lord, for what you've done for us this weekend, Lord. You've Lord, you're so good to us, Lord. When your word says that you'll do exceedingly and abundantly above what all we can ask or think. It's true, Lord. And you've never failed us one time. Sometimes in our mind we get a little confused and we might not understand what's going on. But Lord, there's a revelation that knows that you hold it all in your hand. And you're able to take what's wrong and to make it right. Lord, in our trials and our sufferings, lost loved ones and family situations, Lord, to know that you're working it all out for our good. What a peace that gives us and a confidence. Certainly, it doesn't take away the hurt and the pain that we endure. Lord, we know those things are necessary because you told us that if we're going to reign with you, we have to suffer. And Lord, you told us, you've taught us, Lord, that character is a victory. And we have to suffer. Lord, we have to go through trials. And Lord, we know that you know what's best for us. And so, we just want to tell you thank you, Lord, when we thought things should be a different way. Maybe we thought our prayer should have been answered at this time or this moment and we had to endure or maybe still enduring. Lord, may that revelation just anchor down in our soul greater than it's ever anchored before that you know what you're doing. I don't always know, but as long as you know, Lord, that I'm just going to trust you, Father. And if I trust you, I know that you'll use me, Lord, and you'll get all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Amen. We love you, Lord. Amen. We just thank the musicians. Maybe uh you can just have your seats for a moment. Uh you can bring the monitors down just a little bit. Well, how many are excited to be here? How many of you are tired? We're right back where we started. The alpha has become omega. But God's done a lot of things between Thursday and today. Amen. We might we might be excited to be here. We might be tired, but we've been changed. Amen. Yes, sir. We've been changed. Well, we we won't try to hold you too long, but we might stand you up and sit you down and keep you awake because I've sat where you're sat, but y'all y'all ought to be the most thankful campers that Louisiana camp has ever had because I believe this is the first time service has ever been at 9:30. Come on. Hey, I believe that deserves a hand clap. I mean, I I have sat where you have sat and there was four preachers on the platform. My eyes were so crossed. I was trying I was trying to stay awake and I I'd see four preachers trying to make four become one. One would become four, not three. But you put a lot of effort and expend a lot of energy. And I just want to thank brother Tim and Evening Like Tabernacle for for just putting on an amazing camp and and all those behind the scenes, all the counselors and and those that have drove and those pastors that have supported and and parents that have sent their uh their youth here. Uh we appreciate it. And also I want to say thank you to our campers. Amen. Thank you for coming because uh without you there's no youth camp and and it's I I'm just so thankful that there's a a group of young people rising up that love God and want to serve God and believe this message and and believe it all and live it all. And you're you're the chosen generation. We're running the final lap and you are the ones that are called. And so we just want to put our shoulder to the wheel and uh just do our part to help. It's just been a a a great honor to serve with Brother Ron and Brother Matt and uh just each of you. So we just give God all the glory. So why don't we go ahead and stand? We just read our text out of Psalms 23. Why haven't the the the the meetings been so powerful? Just the word of God. You know, I was uh just talking to um Brother Matt back there. And by God's grace, my title will be anointed for the the job. And I was thinking, you know, we we've we've turned the corner. We're standing up to our bully and we're running the final lap because we're the man in the arena and we're anointed for the job. Praise God. Amen. We're reading out of Psalms 23. This might be a little bit different approach to um an Easter service, but we just want God to have his his way. Are y'all ready to run? Amen. Psalms 23 and verse4. Very familiar. I would I would say work on remembering this passage. It's a very wonderful passage. We'll just start with with uh verse four in Psalm 23. It says, well, we might as well read the whole thing. It ain't that long, is it? The Lord is my strength. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadth me beside still waters. He restoth my soul. He leadth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Amen. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil. My cup runth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Lord, we just ask a blessing upon the reading of your word. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. I just want to as we said uh title this anointed for the job and and maybe just for a subject victory in the valley and brother Brandham would say this we just like said maybe just a little bit different of approach here but brother Brandham says in an absolute he says people talk about devils and don't even know what they are sometimes that's right but you run headlong into them every day maybe but you will. And after a while, he was accusing me. So, Brother Brandham's talking about, I believe, this uh um uh the spirit, he says it was like an alleyoop. If you've ever looked up an alleyoop out, it's some, you know, prehistoric man with a club on him. And he he he was he was accusing the prophet. And he says, "And after a while, he he was accusing me." And he said, "Uh, you have no power with God. You're just a bluff. You have no power." You know, and and if if if if Satan's going to attack the prophet, who was on record as God showing up time and time and time again, over and over and over. And he was going to come and tell the prophet, "Look, you're just a bluff and you have no power. Don't think you're exempt from that." He's going to come up. He's going to try to accuse you. He's going to try to tell you, "Look, you're just a bluff. You ain't got no power. What happened at camp really didn't happen. You know, that was just a feeling. That was just a sensation. And you're just a bluff. when you get back home, you know, you're you're just going to fall to the same old temptations and and nothing's going to be any different. You're just a bluff. Come on. And then when you get home and you do make a mistake, he says, "Aha, see, I told you. But he said, I said, Satan, you're an offense to me. Get out of my way. Satan, you're an offense to me. Get out of my way in the name of Jesus Christ." And he left. Now, I just want you to to notice we're we're learning how to fight. All right? We got to know how to fight. We got to know how to swim in deep waters. And he left. And I laid there a little bit in the bed and started to raise up. And I felt a real sweet feeling come over me. And I thought, wonder if the Holy Spirit now is close. And over in the corner, so help me. Here's my Bible over my heart. The sweetest voice I ever heard in my life said, "Don't fear to go anywhere and don't fear to do anything for the never failing presence of Jesus Christ is with you wherever you go." And that settled it with me. Let them rage. I got an absolute. I said, "Let them rage. I got an absolute. My anchor holds yonder because it's the word of the living God." Look, when you go home, hell's going to rage. things are going to rage against you and you're going to find out you're going to go into a valley. You might be on the mountaintop right now and and you're surrounded with a cloud of witnesses and all the young people. Oh, and we feel the pillar of fire and we we're just so thankful to be here and we have we have strength and numbers and and expectation is here and and the word is being preached in power and demonstration and you've been set free and you got a clean spirit and you're feeling good and there's no condemnation. My, you just feel like you could speak a world into existence and go live on it. Well, one of these days, glory to God. Uh, but you feel so good, but you got to go back home. Come on. You're going to go into valleys. You're going to go into trials. You got to know how to fight. Yes. Because camp's almost over. This is the last service. And you know, I I've I've been there. you know, we got to go back home to our jobs and our daily lives and our school and and and I tell you, as you start to load up the car and the van and and it's just so hard to say goodbye. Yeah. And you just linger and linger and you know, I find out as you get a little bit older, you start to learn I got to do it anyway. So, you you do it a little quicker because it hurts to say goodbye. And then you're in this heavenly atmosphere with all of your friends and and now you're saying your last goodbyes and and you feel like you're you're you're driving away from an oasis. Oh, from the spirit of God and how wonderful everything was. And and I I remember just sitting there. I'm like, man, why, brother Tim? Can we just buy the place? Can Can we farm it? And can we all just live here? but that that that we're not in the millennium. It ain't time for that. It's time to fight. It's time to possess the land. It's time to win souls. It's time to go back and tell your mommy and your daddy that that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. It's time to go back to your church and and witness and testify. It's time to go back to your school. Amen. And say, "He is not dead. He's alive. Don't tell my disciples. He is not dead, but he has risen. Hallelujah. As you drive out there and maybe you go straight, right, left, whatever way you go, just stay right. And all of a sudden, you you start to feel overwhelmed. And right when you drive off the campground, there might be a feeling start to come over you of a let down. And that bully that brother Matt talked about is going to come looking for you. Yeah. That depression and that anxiety that you got delivered from Look, we we we we have been we have been called to cast out evil spirits. But you have been called to be anointed. Amen. So when that spirit comes back, you can stand there and say, "Yeah, I went through the prayer line and I was delivered and that evil spirit was cast out, but greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world cuz that pillar of fire that was swirling around there at dry creek Louisiana through the I didn't leave it at the altar. I took it with me and I got the mighty conqueror shut up in my bones. You bully. You picked on me long enough. You're going to have to face that thing on your own. Without your friends all around you, maybe you've been delivered from a lush devil and pornography. You're going to go back and you're going to have a routines and things you've gone through and you're going to have to face that thing. That's right. We're teaching you how to fight. We got to go back to our daily lives and all of a sudden all your feelings and everything will start to come upon you and you know and now that you've given your life to the Lord. You've laid certain things down. Now you got to go change the way you do things. That's right. Some of you have to sew up some slits and get a get exercise clothes. Mom, my dress don't fit. My shirt don't fit. I realize it's too tight. And some of you ain't got the revelation yet. So, we'll keep praying. Ain't condemning you, but there's this this is a message of holiness. Come on, man. I don't want to see it when I come to camp. I don't want to see it when I go to church, but I got to cuz we still got people who need the Holy Ghost. Look, the Holy Ghost knows how to dress you. The message of the hour knows how to dress you. And it ain't a dead letter. When you get the God of this message, the God of William Brandon, and you get it in your life, it'll tell you how to dress. It'll tell you how to act. It'll clean up your life. It'll keep you off the website, it'll keep you off them apps. It'll unfollow. It will unsubscribe. Because I got to unfollow because I'm following Jesus Christ. Look, y'all have it much harder than I had it when I got home. you know, uh uh I I I I when I got when I got born again and filled with the Holy Ghost, you know, I uh things were more physical and you could break it and throw it away or whatnot, but but now everything's digital. You you you delete it and throw it throw it away and it's just like your thumb has a mind of its own. Like, how'd that get back on my phone? I just deleted that and threw it away and that app's back. You're going on to stream a sermon and I turn your recommendations off. Turn it off. Who's making the recommendation? I don't think God up there in heaven say, "Hey, I think you got to recommend this on YouTube." Oh, you you go on because I I remember I just give a personal testimony. Uh when CO hit and and you know, our church was looking for a way to maybe make it available to to our congregation. They they we put it on YouTube. And so I get on YouTube to watch one of our sermons and guess I ended up watching not one of our sermons. Hey, what am I doing? Because it's a spiritual warfare and we can't be ignorant of Satan's devices. Look, look, friends, if there's anything you got to do, you got to you got to you got to do battle with this. This is ruining people's lives. This is bringing condemnation and bringing suicidal spirits and getting people condemned where they have no confidence with God. And before you even make it back home, you'll find something on there where you feel like you lost your victory. Look, I'm preaching to you this morning. I'm telling you how to fight. That cell phone is not your friend. It's your enemy. But we got to be like David. Come on, Satan. You brought that sword out here to do battle against me. But we got to take the weapons. We got to use them for good. We got to do battle. I ain't trying to tell you ain't You don't have to have a cell phone. But if you can't handle it, you need to get somebody that can. You need to get the Holy Ghost because we make mistakes. We make failures. You know, when you go from here, I just want to tell you, you got to feed the fire. I know what I'm talking about. I I sat here and may maybe about oh 30 35 years ago it was I sat maybe right over this way and and the sanctuary is facing this way and there's a wall going down the middle and there there was a gym on this side and a and we made this the sanctuary over here and you know I was a I was a you know I was I wasn't a good kid. I was the typical preacher son. And and you know, I I I would take two bathroom breaks to get out of the service, you know, you time them just right. And you know, come on. You know, you watch it and when service starts getting to that moment, you'll see certain ones want to get up. That's my cue. I'm out of here. Come on. Come on. You know, but I I woke up in the presence of the Lord just supernatural. I didn't have time to harden my heart. I don't know. I just I just woke up in the presence of the Lord and I was in his presence and I started worship of the Lord and there was a call and and I found my way through through a prayer line or something. I felt like I was floating. It was just it was just amazing and and there was a call for baptism and I got baptized and it was just so uh such a wonderful experience and and my I went back home and and was so excited that I had met Jesus but you know I didn't feed that fire and if I could say anything you you know to to any of you if you see a young one in your church that that has has made an effort for God I I do everything to nurture that fire. I didn't have a youth group when I got back home. I was on my own. But, you know, uh I say we're in a in a great place. If you have uh mothers and fathers that believe this message and a youth group and a church, nurture that. Uh look, I say, you know, God really did something for so and so. Is there a way we can nurture that and and just encourage them? Because you know what's going to happen? Yes, sir. If you don't find him, the devil's going to he's going to be looking for him saying cuz you got a target on your back now. Oh, you believe this message. You've been born again. You got baptized. Okay. Now, hell's training its targets on you. But as long as you're just the makeeliever and you're just being religious and and you're just happy to have a good time, he'll let you do all that. But as soon as you start claiming that you've been born again and you've had a real experience, you can say, "All right, this is one we got to look out for." And you know what happened to me is I didn't feed that fire. And before you know it, I just hanging out with the kids in the neighborhood. You know, it was innocent playing ball and certain things like that, but as you grow up, you start doing things that ain't so innocent. And I got pulled out into the world. So I I just want to encourage you. You got to feed the fire. Whe whether you're in a justified state, sanctified state, look there there there just just keep going on with God. Just thank God for what he done and keep believing for him to do more for you. But when you go home, you're going to have to fight. And Jesus taught us how to fight. When Satan tempted him, he said, "It is written." Amen. It is written. Brother Brandham said he stayed with the original artillery. Amen. So, how you going to overcome when you go home? Right. How you going to overcome when you go home? Come on. The word. The word. You're going to overcome with the word. That Jesus taught us how to fight. You use the word. So, you you got to feed the fire. And I was just thinking on that and thinking about my own life and it reminded me of how um the story about that Indian chief who who who said he he received the Holy Ghost. He asked him how he was doing. He said, "Well, good and bad." He said, "Well, what do you mean?" He said, "Well, I find out there's two dogs in me." He said, "Well, which one wins?" He says, "Well, which oneever chief feeds the most?" Doesn't mean you don't have the Holy Ghost. It means you got a a nature that you got to die daily to. Look, look, look, you can be born again and filled with the Holy Ghost and that sin nature completely taken out of you, but that nature will try to follow after you and influence you and try to come back into the seat of position again. That's why Paul said you got to die daily. Amen. That's why they asked brother Brandman questions and answers in ' 64 about I believe about Romans 7 saying Paul say the things that I want to do I don't do and the things I want to do I don't do and and I would and I don't and I I don't what's going on. And this person asked Brother Benham I don't understand that. He said well let me polish it up for you a little bit for you. There's basically two men. He said there there's a there's a there's a flesh nature that's going to be sticky. It's going to be attracted to the things of the world because it has those five senses. But there's another man that there's only one sense. It's the sense of faith. And if those other senses don't don't agree with that six sense of faith, you leave that alone. True. But if they line up, then okay, that's all right. Look, like I said, this might be a little bit of a different approach, but but but we we we're happy for what God did for us here. But but we got to go back and we got to fight. Yes, sir. Cuz right now, I just want to take a moment cuz right now your spirit's clean and you don't have any condemnation and you've been washed by the water of the word and but Monday's coming and all of those things are going to come looking for you. And brother Brandham said it like this in perfect faith. He said, "If our hearts condemn us not, then we have confidence with God. But as long as you're doing things that are wrong, you can't have confidence towards God." So you see, you'll automatically know that you're wrong. You automatically put yourself back there as a sinner by knowing that you're wrong. That that but look, you don't have to come back to camp and find this altar. You got an altar in your heart. When you go from this camp and you make a mistake, all you have to do is say, "Lord, be quick to repent." And be zealous to repent. I mean, repent right away. Don't wait another moment. You could just in your heart say, "Lord, I didn't mean to look. Lord, forgive me. I I didn't mean to entertain that. I didn't mean to gossip about my brother. I didn't mean to do that." And then, but as but as long as you allow those things to continue on, you have no confidence with God, he says, you automatically put yourself back there, a sinner by knowing that you're wrong. But when your heart don't condemn you and you know you are a believer and there's nothing between you and God. You can ask what you will and know that it'll be given you because it's the word that's given to you. Just like it was those disciples. Amen. He said, "Now the only thing you have to do then is have faith in what you are. Have faith in what the word says you are." Look, when you go back home, you got to have faith in the word. And you got to have faith in who you are. You got to have faith in what the word says you are. You are an overcomer. Look, the Bible says there's therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus. Blessed is the man whom the Lord does not impute sin. That's you. You got to have confidence. And if you make a mistake, if you make a if you trip up and fall, you say, "Lord, forgive me. I didn't mean that. May your Holy Spirit just come, Father, feel me. Fill me once again. I I want to serve you with all of my heart." Because as soon as you fall and you don't make it right, that condemnation comes in and Satan will start to heap up condemnation and he'll try to push you right back in the very things you just came out of. Look, I know what I'm talking about, church. I know how the devil works. The greatest battle ever fought in your mind is in your mind. It doesn't change what God did for you. It doesn't change you got the Holy Ghost. It doesn't change you got delivered. What it means what what changed is you're in a fight now. Before you weren't fighting. You were just giving in. But now you come to Dry Creek, Louisiana in 2025 and you gave your heart to God and now you're going to fight. Now you're the man in the arena. Now you got a job to do. Right? Those complexes and things are going to be looking for you. But I want to tell you, you're anointed for the job. You're anointed for the job. And I want to tell you, there's victory in the valley. Some of us are going to go and you're going to go into trials and hardship and you're going to face some things and you're going to be like, "Man, I felt like I was just on the mountaintop." But God's wanting you to take your experience here. Yes, sir. He He's wanting to take that deliverance and and that freedom and that zeal and that experience and he wants to equip you. God equips the called. He don't call the equipped. That that was the difference between David and Goliath. Goliath was equipped, but he wasn't called. David wasn't equipped, but he was called, so God equipped him. And so now you're going back and you're anointed for the job and you're going to go into hard places. You're going to go into valleys. But but but what's on my heart is I'm encouraging you. You're anointed for the job. The prophet of God said in Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. He said as Jesus said, "It is written." Every time Satan come to him, he said, "It is written, my father has said. My father has said,"And he defeated Satan on the word." And every Christian here can defeat Satan any place, anytime, anywhere. On the word of the living God, say, "Thus sayaith the Lord, it is written." When you pray tonight, say, "Lord, I accept my healing. I believe it." No matter what you feel like. No matter what you feel like, I believe it. Jesus never did say, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" Not your feeling. He's not the high priest of your feeling. Amen. He's the high priest of your confession. You accept it. You believe it and you confess it. Look, our prophet taught us how to fight. You accept it. You believe it and you confess it. Yes, sir. Some of us have accepted it. Some of us have believed it. But there's another stage. You accepted it years ago. You believed it years ago, but there's another step in the process. You got to confess it. I say what we need in the building. We need some John Ryan's here. But you know, John Ryan needed to be taught. He went through the prayer line. He come through the prayer line. Brother Bannon prayed for him said, "According to your faith, you're healed." He went through and said, "I'm healed." He was blind. He couldn't see. So he came back through the prayer line. Come on. He come up to the prophet and said, "I thought you said I was healed." Want the prophecy back to him? I thought you said you believed. But then he told him what he had to do. He said, "You got to go tell about it. [Applause] You got to go testify about it. You got to go back to school. You got to go back to work. You got to go back to your church. You got to go back to your family. You got to go back to your friends. You got to go back to those places and you got to confess it. Hey, while I was at Dry Creek, Louisiana camp, I got born again. And I got filled with the Holy Ghost. Those spirits of depression, they broke away from me. I got delivered from loss. I got delivered from Porty. I've never been so free in all of my life. Testify about it. Hey, I'm going to have a baby. I'm going to be healed. Hey, you might as well get ready for it. You believe it. You accepted it. Now, just go ahead and confess it. Speak the word. I'm healed. I'm delivered. I'm filled with the Holy Ghost. I'm going in a rapture. I'm the man in the arena. I'm anointed for the job. I'm going to beat up my bully. Where you at? Depression, I'm to take your head off. Where you at, anxiety? I ain't scared no more. I am delivered. Oh, the son is made free. I set us free indeed. You're free this morning. Hallelujah. You got to confess it. You got to testify. When the devil comes lying to you, he will. You run into devils every day. Come on. What are you going to say, Satan? You're an offense to me. Get out of my way. I'm sorry. That ain't just a fancy story to me. That was a vindicated prophet teaching me how to fight. Cuz you're going to drive off these campgrounds. You might not see it manifested that way, but you're going to have a feeling of depression. You're going to have a feeling of let down. And all of a sudden, you're going to start realizing, "Oh no, I got to tell Joey that we're not together no more. Oh no." And all a sudden anxiety is going to start. How am I going to do it? I love him, but we're not doing we're God's not pleased with our and I got to tell I can't Well, maybe we'll just just witness to just witness to him and maybe he'll accept the Holy Ghost and y'all can get married. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, God would be pleased with that. Yeah, I just need to go witness to him and and uh and everything will be okay. Okay, I got to And all of a sudden, what happens? that that feeling lifts. And all of a sudden, you feel pretty good and you're like, I I made the right decision. No, no, that was the devil. That was a contest. You were in the arena. You remember it right here. There was a ring here. And the devil was standing there trying to make you reason with the word. That's reasoning. That's doubt. But you got to confess it. No, devil. I'm not making a deal with the devil. this bride, this young people, we are not here to negotiate. I want the nine spiritual gifts in effect. I want the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. I want to be born again and filled. I want to live in holiness. I want to surrender my vessel to Almighty God. I want to be dressed in the word of the message. Look, I am not for sale. I've already been purchased by the blood of my savior Jesus Christ. [Applause] I'm not for sale. It's amazing how easy we fall. Look, you ain't going to pull up to the gas station and some guy will come up and offer you drugs. Hey, that was an easy one. I don't even know what they are. Come on. It's not easy. Some of you when you go home, you need to obey your mom and your dad. Why are they so hard? It doesn't matter. It's your mom and it's your dad. And the Holy Ghost in you should say, "Yes, mom. Yes, Dad." Hey, I got some girls here. You hearing that? Why is it so hard? Because you got a nature. You want to be your own boss. You want to do things your way. And many times you don't understand why mom and dad believe the way they do. Why do they want me to? You want me to dress like an old maid? Well, if I do, it's what your father wants. And I would pray, look, fathers, you have to have wisdom. We need wisdom. This is a youth camp, so I'm I'm preaching to your parents right now. Amen. You can't hold your kids under a thumb and you can't do this and can't do that. You got to let the Holy Ghost in them express itself. You're the Holy Ghost for them until they get it. Well, how do you know they got it? Let them live a little bit. I ain't saying like that, you dumb devil. But you know what I'm talking about. You apply the token, but you let them make some decisions theirel and you'll see, well, they're not quite ready yet. Or they're making some decisions and then you can coach them a little bit. say, "Honey, I think you might this would be a better way." And you watch their life, and you train them up in the way they should go. But you young people, you have a duty and a responsibility. If you got the Holy Ghost when you got home, you want to serve God and and look, you're some of you ain't out in the workplace. You ain't out in college. So, where's your battleground? It's in your house. Maybe you're in public school. Maybe you're home. Where's your battlefield? It's in the car on the way to church Sunday morning. Man, that could be a wicked battle place. I never forget it. Just comes to me. You know, Sunday morning some things can happen and God, this is kind of funny. Oh, God forgive me. You know, it was really cold and and oh my, I shouldn't say it. You know, it was really cold and I was going to get to church really early and I I thought, you know what? I made two yetis of coffee and I said, man, maybe I said it like this for fun. I got a double portion. And I walked out that door and I went over to my truck and there was a little patch of ice. Whoop! One went right into my truck, the other hit the ground. And I got up and I'm like, "You got to be kidding me. I was going to be early." Isn't it funny how no matter what you do, I mean, you finally I'm going to be early to church today. Hallelujah. And it's strange. The further you live away, the more on time you could be. And the closer you live to church, the later you are. [Applause] And it's funny because the devil ain't got Hey, this is awesome. The devil ain't got time to mess your car right up, so he does it in your home. And everything in your home's a wreck because you got to walk to church or your drive is only two minutes away, which mine was, and I still managed to mess it up. Those those things sound those those things sound insignificant, but you know what? And all of those things, we want to be we want to be doing battle, so you know, because the devil will take some of the smallest things, you know, I mean, I I only put on one outfit in the morning on Sunday, but I don't know. Girls, I think they like to try on 15 or 20. Like I'm pretty good. I mean, it looked good to them the day before, but that morning it didn't look good. I mean, us guys were I mean, I'm pretty good. It's the same suit, the same tie, and I'm the same guy. I mean, whether it's Friday, Sunday, Monday, it don't make any difference. It's going to look the same. But girls, nope. That outfit, it looks different on Wednesday, but it sure look different on Friday or so. I don't know what it is. But what I know one thing it does, it makes you late. Hey, and it can be something like that. All of a sudden, this doesn't go wrong and your hair ain't cooperating and you get to church and you got no expectation and you're flustered. They're trying to teach you how to fight. You got to wake up fighting. You got to drive fighting. You got to go to church. Fighting, you got to leave church. Fighting, you got to go to school. Fighting you got to go to work. Fighting you got to eat your food. fighting. Hey, that sounds like the book of Nehemiah. They had a sword in one end and they were working with the other line because they were doing warfare. Look, friends, you're called to fight, but don't be discouraged. You're anointed for the job. There's an anointing here. God is with you. You don't have to fear. The never failing presence of God is with you wherever you go. Prophet of God would say this in proof of his resurrection. Jesus said, "The Father that sent me is is with me." Oh my, what a declaration. What a word. The Father that sent me come with me. Listen. And as the father sent me, so do I send you. He don't only send you, but he goes with you. I'll be with you even in you until the end of the world. All that was in God, he poured out in the h poured out in Christ. And all that was in Christ, he emptied out into the believer of the church. God is with you. Amen. Lord, I am with thee always, even to the end of the world. That's the declaration of God's word. That's what the Bible said. That's what I believe. Look, God is with you. You are not alone. I said you are not alone. How do you know? Because he said so. [Music] How do you know? because he said so. Amen. God is with you until you make a mistake. No, sir. God is with you if you make all the right decisions. No, sir. God is with you if you pray three times a day. God is with you until you walk away from him. No, sir. No. God is with you. How did Joshua know that God was with him? Because God said, Joshua, as I was with Moses, I will be with you. and pride. As God was with William Platam, he will be with you. As God was with you in this camp, he will be with you. You are not alone. You are not going back to fight Goliath on your own. You are not going back to your church and going back to your school. You're with him. You are with Jehovah. You are with the Holy Ghost. You are walking with Jehovah. You are not alone. And God wants to use your hands and your feet to defeat the enemy. Yes, sir. He's with you to anoint you. And I'm not talking about a feeling or an emotion. I'm talking about a promise. He said, "I'll never leave you nor forsake thee." Jesus said, "As my father has sent me, even so I send you." Yeah. As the father sent me, I'm sending you the same way. How did God send him? What did he do when he come in there and took the scroll? He took the book. I said he took the book. He took the book. And he said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me. He hath anointed me so that I might do what I've been sent to do. Yeah. He has anointed me to preach the gospel, to bind up the brokenhearted, to set up liberty those. Come on. And he's telling you the same way the father sent me. Are you hearing me? The same way that Jesus was sent, the same way that Jesus was anointed, he says, the same way the father sent me, I'm sending you. I'm going to anoint you. I'm going to give you my word. I will be with you. Amen. Amen. Come on. He says this in Christ the mystery of God revealed the father that sent him in him to vindicate himself. Right? He was the word and the same Jesus that sent you goes with you and in you to vindicate the same God. As the father has sent me and I live by the father, so I send you and live by me. What is he? He is the word. You live by the word. I said you live by the word. You don't live by your your feelings. You don't live by your emotions. Come on. But you have emotions. Because you're living. Yes, sir. Right. But you don't live by them. Why? Because your feelings will let you down. Emotions will let you down. Preachers will let you down. Your family might let you down. Your church might let you down. All of those things might let you down. But there's one thing that will never let you down. And that is the word of God. Jesus Christ will never let you down. And when all of those things let you down, he will pick you up. I said he will pick you up and he will never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. In our text, we're just moving towards something. He says, "Don't fear to go anywhere and don't fear to do anything for the never failing presence of Jesus Christ is with you wherever you go." That settled it with me. Let them rage. I got an absolute my anchor hold yonder because it's the word of the living God. Jesus said, "It is the spirit that quickenth. The flesh profiteth nothing. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." Yeah. Now, I love this quote here. I use it quite often in a paradox. Brother Brandon says, "Christ is the word." And we all know the anointing is Christ that comes on the word that makes the word live. Is that right? That is the anointing. Christ is the anointing. The spirit that comes upon the word that quickens the word to make it alive. Now the word is in your heart. You believe in divine healing and whatever more see and Christ the anointing coming to his body. See the connection there. Just like husband and wife become one. Now the church has got to get to a ministry until the church and Christ become one. Amen. He can anoint you for every blessing that's in the Bible. All of it's yours. Everything is promised at this age is yours. Now, we've had a good time. We've had great deliverances. There's been those that have been filled with the Holy Ghost, and we've whooped some devils. Hey, I said we've whooped some devils. But I want to say, we're just getting started. We We've turned the corner. But you know when you get home as they did that skit, what were what were those young ladies doing? They were training. Keep reading. Keep praying. Just keep washing windows. If God give you a job to do, you're anointed to do the job. Look, I don't know how how anointed Cartright felt washing windows. I I bet doing the chores at home, you don't feel anointed. You know, when you're out there mowing the lawn cuz dad told you to mow the lawn. I remember one time, I mean, I was going to be a good little boy. I said, "You know what? I'm going to mow the lawn for my dad." And I got all ready. I started to walk out the door and he goes, "Son, mow the lawn for me." Took all the joy right out of it. I didn't want to mow the lawn anymore. I turned it. I went from a good boy to a bad boy. I don't I got him on the lawn. I don't want him on the lawn. I didn't want to do it cuz the father asked me to do it. Isn't that strange how that works? And we don't want to do our chores. We want big things. I John Carr, right? I you know I I I doubt he felt anointed washing windows, but he had a job to do. What was he doing? He was doing what God told him. Young people, you got to go back home and do what God told you to do. And you know what'll happen if a Goliath shows up. You don't have to try to work something up. God will send something down and anoint that whatever's already in you. And you say, "Well, devil, if you're going to try to stop me from praising my God, if you're going to stop me from trying to serve God, if you're going to try to make me giving again, well, I'll just get done mowing alone and then I'm going to whoop you, devil. I'm going to get on top of you, and I'mma pound the toe out you. The same God that was with me at camp. Is the same God that's with me when I'm washing windows. It's the same God that goes with me at school. Cuz I am anointed. I might not feel anointed, but I am anointed. I'm anointed for the church. You're anointed for the job. You're anointed to put every devil under your feet. Hallelujah. You might not feel like it, but God said if thou can believe, he's here to anoint you for every blessing of the age. Hey, come on. Put your order in. Every blessing in the Hey, man. That sounds like salvation, sanctification, Holy Ghost, joy, victory, turning my mourning into dancing. You know what else is promised for this age? Hey, body change is promised for this age. Hey, raptures. You know what? God's anointing me for rapture. He's anointing me for a body change. Well, he's going to anoint me so much that I can be changed in a moment, a twinkling of an eye. What do you got, devil? Bring it on. I've been trained how to fight because I fight by the word of the Lord, not how I feel, not by some emotion. I fight by the word. And if I need to feel the anointing, God will pour it out. I'll get so anointed. I don't know where I am or what I'm doing. I'll be so far away from this sense bound existence in the eternal realm. That old devil say, "Hey, that one's just like Jesus." Because it ain't me. that's fighting. It's greater is he that is in you than that depression. Greater is he that is in you than that anxiety. Greater is he that is in you than that pornography. Greater than is he that is in you than that Goliath. Come on. The prophet of God said, "Every one of you sitting here is David's. He's anointed you for the job." He said, "Where is the Goliath? that's making its boast. You know what the prophet of God said? Challenge him to a showdown. He said, "Oh, I feel religious. challenge him to a showdown. Because the same Jesus Christ that set you free at Dry Creek, Louisiana, is the same Jesus Christ that goes with you and in you to anoint you for the job. You're going to go into the valley. But I want to tell you, where did David meet Goliath? In the valley. He had to walk away from the camp. He had to go down into the valley. Come on. And he stood there. Imano immano. But David was not alone. He said, "You meet me in the name of your Philistine gods, but I meet you in the name of the Lord God of Israel." And the same God that delivered me at Dry Creek, Louisiana camp in 2025. The same God that gave me an experience when I was a 12year-old boy. The same God that filled me with the Holy Ghost. The same presence of God I felt when I went 80 feet from here to over there and I got my healing. What God has done for others. Oh, I know he has done for me. And the same God that did that for me is going to whoop you, devil. Oh, I'm going to challenge you to a shower at my work, at my school, in my car, in my private life. Hey, I'm talking about being so filled and anointed with the Holy Ghost. Hey, if the prophet said it, I believe it. You can challenge that devil to a showdown. Now, I'm not trying to talk about going looking for de for trouble. Don't Don't be dumb. But when he shows up knocking, Peter Carr, is that his name? He wasn't looking for the bully. He was doing his job. He was doing what he was anointed to do. And when he needed a greater power, it was there when he needed it. Oh, I feel pretty good right now. It'll be there when you need it. I said it'll be there when you need it. You ain't got to fear nothing. You ain't got to wonder. It'll be there when you need it. You don't have to worry about missing the rapture. It'll be there when you need it. You don't have to worry about those things. God is with you. Look, y'all can't go in the rapture without me. And if I go in by the way of the grave, guess what? I'm going to get there first cuz I'm coming up. Hey, that's what Easter says. I'm coming up. I'm going to be changed. Amen. David said, "Though I walk through the valley of a shadow of death." Where does time go? David said, "Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil because thou art with me." He hast anointed me. Now, I know some people might want to be a little bit critical, but look, I I'm not I'm not talking about some feeling or emotion. Look, I love them. And, you know, I ain't got to talk about those things, but I I'm talking about when you need it. I love to rejoice. I I I I love to express myself to my Lord and Savior. But those things, they come and go. Yeah. But when you get down into the deep waters and you get in that trial and you're facing that Goliath, you need something more than just say, "Well, I got excited." And you're going to have to do battle and you're going to have to know what you're talking about. That's what I love about car. He knew what he was talking about. He God told him to to go to school. God told him to obey his parents. God told him to go to church. So, he was just doing what God told him to do. And when that Goliath showed up and said, "What are you doing? I'm a born again son of God. I'm going to school. I'm a born again daughter of God. I I I'm I'm dressing in holiness. No. No, you ain't. Not around here. You're not. You ain't going to do that. Well, yeah. God told me to. Well, you'll have to beat me up first. Okay. All right. Well, I'm going to finish what God told me to do and then I'll whoop you next. That's right. Amen. He He didn't have to He didn't have to stop what he was doing and say, "Oh, now Lord, this man has come up and he's trying to stop me from doing what you told me to do." You You ever heard the message, "Why Christ speak?" Come on. When you come up to a Red Sea, then we are not baby fashioned. We are not a Corinthian church. The prophet of God said the Corinthian church, they were baby fashioned. Yeah. He said they they they could believe but they would believe everything in the wrong thing. Come on. He said that's the problem with the Christian church. We've just become like babies. We've become copycats. We like secondhand revelation. We We just copy what the next guy's doing and we feel all right. Yeah. You You will fail the test. My wife can tell you a funny story about that. You copy somebody's test, you think they're going to pass. You better watch out. You might have been better off on your own. Yes, sir. But you don't want to mimic. You don't want to copy. I was thinking about that. I remember I I remember I got a copy of the pillar of fire and and I love the picture, man. I I I got a picture of the cloud and I love the copy, but you know what? I I like the picture, but I want more than a copy. I just don't want a copy of the pillar of fire. I need the pillar of fire. I need the Holy Ghost in my life. Look, I I I love the books. I love the tapes. I love the word. But I need the dynamics to come to the mechanics and make that word live. Prophet of God said this and why Christ speak. He said he was anointed. The God that delivered me from that lion. That God delivered me from the paws of that bear. He'll more than deliver me from that Philistine. Here I come. I meet you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. Amen. He didn't pray through. He was already prayed through. God prayed him through before the foundation of the world. He was anointed for the job. Quit your crying. You've cried long enough. God has showed up. I think now it's time for you to confess. Why cry? Speak and go forward. You accept it. You believe it. Now confess it. Speak and go forward. Come on, young people. Look, you're going to have to fight when you go back home. You're going to find your places where you're all alone and you're going to have to fight, but God has anointed you for the job. God has chosen you. Amen to defeat the devil. Some of us need to be like Shamgar. You know, he got tired of being robbed of his joy. May let God talk to somebody right now. Somebody here is tired of going back home from camp and being robbed of your joy every time and being robbed of your victory every time. And you're sick and tired of those Philistines and all those spirits coming back and robbing you of your joy, robbing you of your peace. You know what you need to do? You know what the prophet of God said about Shamgar? He said the spirit of the Lord started to move upon him and he got angry. What? Yeah. The spirit of God moved upon Shamgar and he got angry. Look, friends, I've been there. I remember when I was 21 years old, I made a decision to serve God. I I was in bondage. I was in a place where where I needed deliverance and I was trying. And I remember I made a decision that I wasn't going to do it anymore. And there was another nature, another spirit there. And it said, "I'll get you back out in the world with music and TV." And I said, "A man, here we go again. Another cycle." Uhuh. I said, "You're going to what? you're going to get me. You know, if I could say it like this, I didn't realize what was happening. But the spirit of God started to move upon me because a son of God said, "Lord, I need your help." And the spirit of God started to move down. And there became a contest. There became a battle in the supernatural realm. I didn't even know. And then that nature came up and said, "I'll get you back out in the world with music and TV." And all of a sudden, something to me said, "I don't want to go back. You're not going to get me. I'm going to get you." And I jumped out of my car. I ran back into my house. I didn't even know what I was doing. I was looking for something. I said, "You're not going to get me. I'm going to get you." And I found a big old pair of bolt cutters. I ran into my room and there was that TV. the devil said he was going to get me back out in the world with. And I took them that my bulk runners and I broke that TV and I said, "How you like me now?" And I've been trying to slay devils ever since. I might have fallen, but I got back up. I may have made a mistake, but I got back up. Why? Because I'm anointed for the job. I'm anointed for victory in the valley. Boo, devil, come too late. God's already got a hold of my life. I might fall. I might make mistakes. But I'm going to get back up because I'm anointed for the job. You are anointed. [Applause] How you like me now. Hey, I feel pretty good right now saying that. Devil, you tried to stop me, but you couldn't. How you like me now, you couldn't stop me then. You couldn't stop me back there and you can't stop me now, Brother Ron. The devil can't stop you, Brother Tim. The devil can't stop you, young people. The devil can't stop you. You're anointed for the job. You're anointed for every blessing in the Bible. You're anointed for a rapture. You're anointed to take the devil's head off. Oh, glory to God. Somebody, you just need to speak it out. Speak to your mountain. Confess it. Prophet of God says it like this. I love it. If you find out, young people, your life is in the message. Your life is in the Bible. Well, we're at the very end. So, we're going to be the ones that are caught away. We're running the final lap. You're anointed for the job. You're the man in the arena. You You've turned the corner. It's I mean, we're the last leg. You're going up heartbreak heal. And it man, it feels like you ain't going to be able to make it, but you're anointed. You're anointed for the job. And I like how the prophet of God says this. We'll try to bring it towards a close. Hey, we're on the final lap. Y'all ready? This is it. We got to conclude 2025 with youth camp. But it's been a good youth camp. But I say, "God ain't done yet." And and it just hits me now. I just want to share this. Last night, I was I was just laying there as I was going to bed and and I I just was saying, "Lord, what would you have? I I just need something for your young people." And I just felt a little voice say, "Go get my lamb." And you know, I was really tired. Usually you like to maybe jot that down. And I just thought, Lord, I just pondered on. I fell asleep. And when I woke up, go get my lamb. I laid there. I said, Lord, go get your lamb. And and all of a sudden, I kind of started to think of Georgia Carter. And I God told him said, "I got a lamb down there. She's crying out and she's caught up and she's hung up in something. Look, look, somebody here, you're still caught up and hung up. But it ain't over. I know it's Sunday morning, but it's resurrection morning and it ain't over. I come to camp to fight and I'm still fighting. I'm going to leave camp and I'm still going to be fighting. I'm going to get back home and I'm still going to be fighting. I'm going to fight every devil that I can until the change of my body. And right now, this morning, I'm going to fight for God's little lamb. If you are caught up and you are hung up, devil, you take your hands off that daughter of God. You can't hold her any longer. The spirit of the Lord is coming for you. Why don't you go ahead and believe it, accept it, and confess it right now and say, "I am free." Devil, take your hands off of God's property. This is the pride of Jesus Christ. She has been anointed for victory. You have been anointed to go into body change. You have been anointed to put every devil under your feet. House of hell, give way in the name of Jesus Christ. You're anointed for the job, young people. Oh, why don't you speak it out? Hey, I feel him right now. Come on. Right. Victory is in the building. Victory is in the building. The mighty conqueror is here to loose you to free you. You don't got to take them complexes back home. You're free. I said you're free this morning. That's what victory sounds like. You ever had it? You ever had a little victory? Has your mourning ever been turned into dancing? Do you know what it's like to be set free? Do you know what it's like to be once in sin? And then the great Jehovah come down and he break the shackles of hell off of your life and he anointed you to fly. Fly, little eagles, fly. Hey, the heavens are up there. Get in it. Go fly. Fly away little eagles. You're free. I said you're free this morning. The mighty conqueror is in the [Music] building. Your musicians would come. how you like me now. That just sounds different now that I'm up here. You don't know the valleys I've been through. You don't know the hurt that I've been through. You don't know the pain that I've been through. You don't know the anguish that I've been through. But I'm standing here. Why? Because the mighty conqueror has risen. Prophet of God said, "All right." I say, I say you can find your story in the Bible. You can find your story in the message. And the more I study, the more I realize I don't know, but the more I find out about him and the more I find out about me. And the other day, I was just reading my testimony. The prophet of God says, "All right, I open up my heart and my mind. Come in, Lord Jesus, and grab the faith, the sword of the spirit. Thus sayith the Lord, scream, hallelujah." Amen. Then cut down every enemy in front of you. I think somebody's missing the first step. [Music] Grab the faith, the sword of the spirit. Thus sayith the Lord. Scream hallelujah. And then cut down every enemy in front of you. Go to cutting. Go to chopping. How you like me now, devil? I'm gonna keep cutting. I'm gonna keep chopping. I'm gonna keep screaming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] It ain't time to let up. It ain't time to shrink back. It's time to fight. And we still got some fighting to do. Prophet of God said, "Let's not use a .22 rifle. Let's get the atomic bomb of faith in his word. He said when that bomb of faith drops in there, the word of God behind it, it blows every devil, every sickness, every disease. Boom, devil. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] He says, "Amen." There it is. Cut every enemy. If an old spooky spirit may Oh, I'm feeling pretty good right now. Hey, I've turned the corner and I'm coming full circle right now. Oh, devil. You are defeated in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, thank you, God. You do all things well, Lord. Everything you do is perfect. There it is. T every enemy. If an old spooky spirit making you feel, cut that thing away with your emotions, with your feelings, with what you know. Cut that thing away with the word of the Lord. Our strength is the joy of the Lord. Get away from me. Whack. You cut him with the word. Whether it be a demon, whether it be an enemy, whether it be a sickness, whether it be a disease, whatever it is, take that word and pull that sword. And if you whack it the first time and it don't seem to move, whack it again. Whack it again. Whack it again. Whack it again until you chip a hole through it like the eagle that you are. Beep yourself right on through that old shell of sickness. Cut your way out and say, "Hallelujah. There's the next one. Challenge that devil. Hey, I feel pretty good. I got delivered from sickness. I got delivered from demons. I got delivered from depression. I got delivered from pornography. I got delivered from suicide. And you know what the prophet told you to do? Scream out, "Hallelujah." Hit it with the word. And now that you got the victory, say, "Where's the next one? I'm hunting you down, devil. Where's my next one? I'm anointed for the [Applause] job." Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I [Applause] lay my burden down. Oh, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, since I laid my burden down, I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is able. Hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. Oh, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. Oh, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be shouting. Oh, one thing that I know. Oh, deep down in my soul. As long as I'm alive, I'm going to sing. I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm going to [Music] sing. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be shout. Oh, as long as I'm alive, there's ghost. Oh, one thing I know. Oh, deep down in my soul, as long as I'm alive, I'm going to [Music] pray. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Another great event that I wouldn't forget to call. That was when David was in his worst of time. When he was a fugitive, he had already been anointed. He knowed what he was to be. He was to be king. God said so. And yet he was hated. He was standing in between two great deep fires. Here was the Philistines on one side after him. Here was Saul on the other side. And he was a man without a nation. And just as the church stands today, the true living church of God, without a denomination or anything else, she stands alone. But yet she had the anointing poured out on her. She knows what she is. [Music] Hey, I don't know about you, but I know what I am. I am the bloodbought, anointed bride of Jesus Christ to put every devil under my feet. Because it is not I that liveth, it is Christ that liveth in me. What a resurrection that was. But what a resurrection this is to be quickened by the quickening power of almighty God. If that same spirit that raised Jesus Christ dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. I think it's time to scream. Hallelujah. I know who I am. Boo, devil, where's the next one? As long as I'm alive. I said as long as I'm alive. This is one preacher. I'm going to give him praise. I'm going to give him glory. Why don't you praise him for the [Music] resurrection? I'll sing. Yeah. I feel better. Oh, so much better since I lay my burden down. Oh, I feel better. Oh, so much better. Oh, since I lay it down, I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is a hallelujah. Oh, God is faithful. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I'm singing [Music] hallelujah. Oh, can you say he's faithful? Oh Lord, I'm going to sing. As long as I'm alive, as long as I'm alive, there's going to be shine. [Music] Oh, one thing that I know. Say it again. As long as I'm alive, there's going to be praise. [Music] I know. Oh, as long as I'm alive, I know. Oh, I'm singing hallelujah. Oh, God is able. [Music] Oh. Oh. I'm singing [Music] hallelujah. Oh Lord, I'm going to [Music] sing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Somebody shout hallelujah again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Maybe we could just sing it. Hallelujah. We sang this song last night. I believe before we go we can sing it again. Jesus blinded all my darkness, touched my heart within his grace and mercy let a passion consume my sin. And like a hy on a hilltop, oh I'll shine through the night. I am a lamb made for his glory. Oh, I will not hide. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it. [Music] Say I've been touched. Oh, I've [Music] been shouting. [Music] Amen. Could you just lift your hands and sing that to me again now? Say, I've been touched. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and wash me. It shouted from the rooftop. Shouting to him. Oh, one more time. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. So, let the world Come and watch me and shout it from the rooftop. Shout it to him. Shout it from the rooftop. Oh, shout it from the rooftop. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Wow. Are you ready to fight? Amen. God has prepared you for the battle. He's equipped you with the word of God. It is our sword. Amen. We have the shield of faith. We have the helmet of salvation. We have our feet that is shot with the preparation of the gospel of peace. We are called to do battle. He didn't give you weapons and and armor because um you were just going to cut your hand on a a tin can and get a citation for it and say, "Oh, you did battle." No, sir. You you are here to do real warfare. Amen. But you know um you know some of you before you came you were on the devil's side. Now you know something happened. You've changed sides. No wonder he's against you. But as we have heard this morning, greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. And I just want to encourage you, you know, um, you know, the things that are that you have dealt with in your life. Don't go back and pick them up again. Instead, you know, let's go back and replace those things with some really good things. Amen. You you there's just too much opportunity. We talked about cell phones and things like that um today and can be your enemy. It can also be a tool that you can use for the glory of God. you you listen to your your Bible apps and if you don't if you don't enjoy reading well listen there's even some dramatized King James versions and things like that that you can do some very very helpful things Bible in chronological order that you can listen to every day and feed your experience you know you have an experience with God but then you want to feed that experience you get the fire that that has been started in your heart, but you want to add to it the wood of the word of God. So, this is very important for your your spiritual growth and to build upon whatever you receive. Amen. And and like you like you heard today, go back and testify of it, you know, of what God has done. Tell everybody, let the whole world know, Amen. that you're you're on the winning side now. Amen. So, it's so been so good to be here with you and you've been some very very very wonderful young people that has blessed us this weekend and we so appreciate you and and um you just been just excellent. Not one bit of problem, not one situation, not one thing that we've had to deal with. So, you know, it it's it's wonderful because you're wonderful and because you also have embraced a wonderful savior and we so appreciate that. And so, last night we baptized 11 in the name of the Lord Jesus. There's one more going to be baptized today. So, they need to go ahead and get ready to go to that while I make some instructions right now. uh up on this and um you know a lot of times people you know get a little confused about the Holy Ghost and and they want just a oneanddone experience but I want you to know that it it'll come in baptism after baptism of the Holy Ghost. So you just whatever that you have received don't don't think oh well that's that's all of it. you know, just keep on and let him feel you again and again and again and you just go from glory to glory. That's the way you do it. Amen. Now, so as we said, we feed on the word. We got 1100 and something tapes of the prophet of God you can listen to. There's there's other other um things that you can hear to build it up. But I mean, come on. You can't go back and just start back with rap music again and you know vulgar stuff and listening to things. You know I I've often said even about country and western somebody said uh well it's really harmless you know brother Tim country music is just life how it really is. I said not my life. I said, "I I wish sometimes, you know, years ago they they had this these uh these rock um tapes and and they said, "Well, if you played them backwards, there was celimal uh messages on them." Well, I never I never listen to one forward, much less backwards. But anyway, this if you play it backwards, there's satanic messages on them. I said, "Well, you know, I I tell you what, I I wish we could play country music backwards. A man, you know, man would get his wife back again." and his tears would be out of his beer and he wouldn't need beer no more and you know he you know he the children would have him with daddy and there would be a home and you know all the honky tons would be closed if we could play it all backwards right amen well I tell you what the gospel of Jesus Christ amen will propel you forward and if you'll listen to the right things and feed that experience on on the the correct things and you know this the flame will just get brighter and flow higher and and you know because we want it to continue in your life. Now you know we have a few people to thank today and uh if you'll just be seated just a second here. I want to I want to thank um the ministers that have ministered in this camp. I want to say we appreciated the word of God. It blessed us service after service. Dynamic, powerful. Amen. Devil defeating sermons that we heard service after service. And I want to say to um our counselors, I hope you thanked your counselors because you know without them I could not have camp. And uh if you didn't thank your counselor, you find them maybe after service if you could and say, you know, express thank you to them because, you know, they gave of their time, their money, their vacation or whatever to come and and serve you this weekend. And without them, I could not have this camp. And also we have the deacons. We call it the gator patrol um that has uh been the ushers in the meetings and chaperones and different ones um who who have driven you to camp and you know a lot of a lot of different ones to say appreciation to. You know you don't know it but there's a lot of things goes be on behind the scenes. hours of preparations, you know, preparing for the camp, those that will that will um register the the young people and help you um select the dorms and get everything set up for your arrival. And then we have um uh days of, you know, where the we have to bring all the sound equipment to the the tabernacle because it's really not sufficient what they provide here. And so we have to do that and videos and and things like that for uh the cameras so that you can uh enjoy these services for months to come. You can go back and to to YouTube like I said, you know, um to turn off their recommendations and and start taking and listening to the right things, but you can go right back over these services and listen to them again. They're better. They're better than just one time. you can hear them over and over and over again. So, um, but I mean I I need to thank the sound technicians and all that had labored and you know, we don't have time to really test it and get everything ready and whatever. So, you know, first couple of days we had some battle with the sound and I don't know how cords go bad, you know, that that is set in the closet a year, but I mean, you know, bring them to camp and the devil gets in them. And so, um, anyway, anyway, we u we had a little little problems with the sound. It's always going to be that way because we have to come and set up and we had musicians this year. Wasn't it wonderful? Amen. I tell you, tremendous, tremendous talents and gifts given to God. Amen. We had a a nurse that come here all the way from Florida. It was a tremendous blessing that was in the nursing station. Amen. We so appreciate that. Now, I don't know. It looks like there may be a Bible here, something. I don't know. Sometimes things get left over from year to year, but there's a Bible here. Could be yours. I don't know. I don't see anything else that could have been here from lost and found. But um if you have lost something and you know or whatever, we'll just turn it in now to one of the Gator Patrol or me or somebody. And and um you know, I don't know. This was a little different this year because we didn't have the sunrise service at seven and we had the 9:30 service. So, you know, you didn't have in those sunrise services, you didn't have time to pack up. But how many of you already have your things packed up and out at the out at your car and and loaded up? Well, yeah. No. Yep. Well, here here's what I want. I don't want them left behind. That's what I don't, you know. Um, mama paid a lot of money for those things and she'll be calling me for so well these are my kids school clothes and and they're for church and I paid a lot of money. Well, we got to go look them up and find them and you know and sometimes take um um you know take take some things home and and don't leave it. I I'll just tell you, you know, my my kids are now grown and they wouldn't look good in your underwear. So, take them dirty things home with you and mama wants them. She'll wash them up and use them another time. So, you know, take everything home. So, what I want you to do when I dismiss you today, I want you to go to your dorms. Go directly to your dorms. Don't pass go and don't get $200 from me. I want you to go directly to the dorm and I want you to go and get all of those things. Yeah. Look under the bed, in the shower, everywhere. Get your things and listen now. Don't stop to fellowship. Don't stop to do this. Don't stop to do that. Go and take care of your business. Get them out where they're to go. If the people aren't here, your mother or whoever, dad or whoever's picking you up, if they're not here yet, well then put them out on the porch. Get them out there where you can be seen and and get those clothes. Now, I know how it is, at least with some of the younger ones. So, mama folded all those towels, all of those things, and it was all night neat and nice and, you know, arranged and folded up really nice in your suitcase. But now they're all a mess. And that same stuff is going to have to go back in those suitcases. So what I want you to do is cram all that stuff back in there. And then if you have to put your knee on the thing and buckle it down and then get that thing out of that dorm and find that place to get it to your car so you nothing is left behind. Right. Amen. I'm sorry. You know, most of the Baptist kids that will be coming using this camp next time can't use your clothes. So, you know, you take them home and and uh mama be happy and I'll be happy cuz mama won't be calling me. Where are my kids clothes? I said, I don't know. I I I I can't remember where I took them off. So, if you get them and take them home, everybody be happy, even you. So, you know, we have so much to thank the Lord for the good things that God has done. And there will not be a meal here. You'll catch that on the way home. So, get your things, you know, get it together. And um and you know, we so appreciate you coming. And I pray with all my heart sincerely that our next youth camp will be in glory. That's going to be an eternal youth camp. Won't be no old people there, no sick people there. Amen. It'll be one glorious day. Amen. Let's stand together. Let me just pray with you for a moment. There are storms that are going off up north of us in Arkansas, Missouri. God to be with you as you go through those squall line that said is has tornadoes and things in it. We need God's mercy here. We always need God's mercy. So let's just talk to him about it for a moment. Lord, we thank you for all of these young people that you entrusted us with this weekend. I pray Lord they'll go home with their burdens lifted with joy in their hearts and Lord there'll be joy come as they come home and as moms and dads welcome those that have been renewed spiritually. Oh God, things has
