################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - The FIELD Under Attack - Bro. Andrew Spencer on May 25, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    The FIELD Under Attack - Bro. Andrew Spencer on May 25, 2025
Speaker:  Andrew Spencer
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXjTY2GC7aM
========================================

Description:
For more information about the church and to view more services online, please visit www.eveninglight.net. God bless you!
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] How do you know? [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Because he lives and because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. Oh yes. And because I know he holds my [Music] future, my life is worth the living. Just because Oh, because he lives. And because he lives, I can face [Music] tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. And because I know [Music] He holds my future. My life is worth the living. Just God sent a son. God sent his son. Oh, we call him Jesus. He came to love. Oh, thank God. He lived and died. go to by my pardon and empty grave is there to prove. Oh my savior lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. because he lives. [Music] Oh yes. Because I know he holds my future, my life. The living just because you and then one day and then one day. Oh, I'll cross that old river. I'll fight lives fire. [Music] war with pain and it went. Oh, it gives way to victory. Oh, I'll see the lights of glory. And I know he lives and She lives. I can face tomorrow. Oh, because she lives. Our fear is gone. And because I [Music] know he holds my future, my life is worth a living just because he lives. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my [Music] own. I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Oh, I see your drawing. And father, I see that you are drawing, climbing the sand. I'm going to be standing by your side, holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshippers arise. [Music] [Applause] Oh, let the son the daughter sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. [Music] And father I hear it roar louder. The song of your redeemed as a rock is awakening to sing from our hearts to come to an oh here the praises ring. Oh song to our king. [Applause] Oh, rise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. And father I see the bride in power with full authority. She is claiming every promise and believe in what she speaks. Every weapon conformed against her has fallen at her feet. Oh hear her praise. Oh the king of kings. Let the worshippers arise. Let the sun and the daughter see. Oh, I'm surrendering my God. Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] And father I see the bride rejoicing in the song of victory. Every chain of death is broken. And we have been set free. Satan's kingdom is defeated. Oh, let our praises bring praise to our Lord and glory to our king. Let the worippers, oh arise, let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. Oh yes, I do. I surreners arise. Let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. Hallelujah. Won't you just give the Lord a hand clap of praises morning? Amen. And he's worthy of our praise, worthy of all honor and all glory. Amen. We're so glad to be in the house of the Lord. How many is happy that you're here this morning? Amen. Let everything that hath breath praise ye the Lord. Amen. I believe we all have that this morning. So, all under a commission, a mandate to praise God. And I believe that's what you came here to do. We're very happy to have brother Ben Coleman here with us this morning. Uh I know he's been through a lot of long trial and Amen. I I know he's still in the midst of his journey of recovery and things, but I believe this morning that the spirit of the Lord can just fall upon him, take care of it all. I I believe that's the kind of God we serve. And Amen. We have brother Weston Pile that's sick this morning needs prayer. How many would have a need you to make it known. Ask brother Jackson Burns if he'd come and open our service in prayer. Amen. The Lord just come down and minister to hearts today. Amen. Let's pray. I do I do want to just thank the Lord and I know brother Timothy mentioned it for brother Ben but several of us went and visit him and each time he was progressing each time he just had a walk of faith and always had something comforting. So brother Ben I know the Lord's moving on your behalf. Let's just continue to go to him and to see your full recovery. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we come to you this morning. Lord, we come with much anticipation. Lord, there's many here that can stand up amongst us, Lord, and could give a testimony, Lord, even as we've been praying for Brother Ben, Lord, just to see him in service. Lord, other ones, every time that we come to you, Lord, and every time we submit something to you, Lord, we know that you hear our prayer, Lord. We know that we can be lifted up in your presence, Lord, we use the opportunity to come together, Lord, with our licks of fire, Lord, that your spirit would be pleased, Lord, to come down amongst us. I pray, Lord, the moving of the spirit would hear this morning. Lord, we know that you can bring a guest minister to come and you can deal with their heart, Lord, and you can come behind the word and back it up as the word goes forth. And I ask, Lord, this morning that it would happen. Lord, I pray that you'd be pleased, Lord, with this atmosphere, Lord. Just be with the songs, be with the service, Lord. Be with the ministering of the word. Everything that happens this morning, we know that we commit it into your hands, Lord. We know that you're a loving God. You're not sitting back, Lord, to judge us, to have wrath, Lord, but you're there to show us love and mercy and care, Lord. We know that when we lift our prayers up to you, Lord, we know that when we get oursel ready and we bring this flesh under subjection, Lord, and come to your house, Lord, that you move and you back it up. Lord, we're asking that your spirit moves this morning. Lord, we're asking that every need, Lord, that you would walk down the aisle that you would take care of, Lord. We love you so much and we just ask that you would just inhabit your praises this morning, Lord. that everything that would be happening, Lord, would just be in your perfect will. Lord, we love you. We just commit all things into your hands, Lord. Be with us, Lord, the rest of this day. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you today. You can turn around, shake one's hand, welcome each other to the house of the Lord. Know we had a wonderful day yesterday and together. Amen. around the natural food and fellowship and but it's going to be a wonderful day today around spiritual food and fellowship with the word of God and Amen. Just looking forward to that. It was a great thing that he did for me. Ask the brothers they would to take up the offering. Amen. The Lord has brought me through all my trials. When I failed him, he didn't cast me away. But he stood right by me through all of my trles when I was [Music] lost. But he took my sin and he saved my soul. He cleaned me up and he made me whole. Jesus died so the whole wide world could [Music] see that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing when he set me free. Jesus died on Calvary so the whole wide world can see that he did for me. He's been my doctor. He's been my lawyer. He never left me. He's been my friend. He's been my comfort. When I was lonely, when I was lost, Jesus took me in. Well, he took my sins and saved my soul. Laid me up and he made me whole. So the whole wide world will see it was a great thing that he did for me. Oh, it was a great thing that he did for me. It was a great thing how he set me free. Jesus. It was a great thing. Oh, it was a great thing. Yes, it was a great thing. And he did for me. It was a great thing how he set me free. Jesus died. for the whole wide [Music] world. I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of my lamb. I've been changed from the preacher I once was and redeemed is now my name. Well, I've been changed. I've been reborn has been. What a difference. Oh my [Music] has been saved. And though my sins were as darling, white as snow, I was found, but today I am free. I was lost in the darkness. Oh, I'm found. I was blind. Oh, thank you, Lord. I've been saved. I've been reborn. All my life had been replaced. And what a difference has his way. All my life. Praise God has been changed. And when at last in his [Music] [Applause] presence, every tear from my thank him for giving a rich like me a new home. Oh yeah. Well, I've been changed. All my life has been and what [Music] you know my sins and though my sins were as scarlet they're white as snow I was found but today oh my I was lost in the darkness But now I found I was [Music] proud. Oh, I've been changed. Oh, I've been reborn. All my life has been reigned. What a difference it makes when the Lord has praise God. I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been [Music] preord. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, let's be seated. Ask brother Phil and those that are singing with him to come this morning. Amen. Or if he's singing with somebody, however that works. Amen. [Music] You never change. You stay the same. My rock. You're everything I'll ever need. You're ever near so present here, my help. You're everything I'll ever need. [Music] Jesus, you're gater than my fear. So come hell or high water, you're still on the throne. You are faithful and able, you're in control. There's no question about it. You're king over all. I know who you are. Be my strength. You'll be my peace, my God. Forever. You'll be strong in me. So come hell or high water. You're still on the throne. You are faithful and able. You're in control. There's no question about it. You're king over all. I know who you are. So come hill or high water. You sit on the throne. You are faithful and able. You're in control. There's no question about it. You're king over all. I know who you are. Steady, constant. I have this confidence. Mercy, goodness. I have this confidence. Awesome, mighty. And I have this confidence. I know who you are. Defender, healer, you are my company. Protector, you are my company. Jesus, Savior. You are my company. I know who you are. I know who you are. So come hail high water. You're still on the throne. You are faithful and able. You're in control. There's no question about it. You're king over all. I know who you are. I know who you are. Steady conant. I have this confidence. Mercy, goodness. I have this confidence. Awesome, mighty. I have this confidence. I know who you are. [Music] You are my confident protector, shepherd. You are my confident Jesus. Savior, you are my confidence. I know who you are. I know who you are. So come hell or high water. You're still on the throne. You are faithful and able. You're in control. There's no question about it. You're king over all. I know who you are. I know who you are. I know who you are. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many knows who he is this morning? Oh, praise the name of Jesus. You'll see. Amen. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. As we lift your holy name, you deserve the glory and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You are great. You do miracles of grace. There is no one else Lord like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else. Oh Jesus, you deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve all the glory and all the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You are great. [Music] Oh yes you do, Lord. [Music] There is no one else like you. You are great. Yes, you do. Oh, there is no one more. There is no one else. One more time. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory. Oh, and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. as we lift your holy name. You are great. Oh yes, there is no Sister Lauren. Oh, there is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. [Music] Are [Music] you all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel Feel that empty feeling shame all stealing and you're let me tell you about my Jesus thrises ain't no sinner that he can't save Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus save your life. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Tears from broken dreams and wasted years until the past disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would go and undo if you could. But who can work it all for your good? Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus take your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who would take my cross to Calvary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. [Music] Oh, he makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he did for you what he left for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus and let my Jesus take your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] How many can say that? Amen. Hallelujah. Has it been good to you? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let me tell you about my God. Let me tell you the one who can heal, who can change, who can set free, who can break every chain. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He's the same yesterday, today. And friend, there's no case too hard. Hallelujah. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Why don't we just lift our hands to him and say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus, for what you've done in my life, Lord. Thank you, Father, for all that you've done for me. Maybe there's just somebody here this morning want to cry out and say, "Jesus, I have a need this morning. Don't pass me by." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I know we sing this quite a bit, but it's just a wonderful course. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you all you deserve. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, you're worthy of it [Music] all. You're worthy of it [Music] all. From you are all things and to you are all things you deserve. Oh, one more time. You're worthy, Lord. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. Ask the choir to come this morning. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve. Oh, you're worthy, Lord. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] [Music] I See a dead end to see a parted sea. You made a way and you deliver me from my enemies. I see the dry bones. You see an army filled with your spirit alive and breathing right in front of me. So I'm gota believe gota believe gota believe the report of the Lord cuz what you said and what you've done is evidence there's good to come. So I am free and I am healed. I'll keep the report of the Lord. [Music] The report of the [Music] Lord. When I am hopeless, you stir a faith in me to see the trial as a testimony for your glory. Cuz what you started, you're faithful to complete. And every moment you promise to redeem. until eternity. So I'm going to believe. I'm going to believe. I'm going to believe. The Lord what you said and what you've done is evidence. There's good to come. So I am free and I am here. Keep [Music] believing. The report of the Lord. The report of the Lord. Cuz what you said and what you've done is evidence. Evidence. There's good to come. So I am free and I am here. Now keep believing. the word of the Lord. Cuz what you said and what you've done is evidence. There's good to come. Oh, I am free and I am healed. I'll keep believing. Third of the Lord. Oh, third of the Lord. Whose report will you believe? Oh, who report will you believe? The Lord. Whose report will you believe? Yes. Whose report will you believe? The Lord. Whose report will you believe? Oh, whose report will you believe? for the Lord. I am healed. I am [Music] free. The Lord cuz what you said and what you've done is evidence. There's good to come. So I am free and I am here. Yes, I am. Search for the Lord cuz what you said and what you've done is evidence there's good to come. So I am free and I am healed. I'll keep believing. Turn for the Lord. Whose report will you believe? Whose report will you believe through the word of the Lord? I am free in the name of Jesus. Lord report will you believe. We believe you Lord. The Lord whose report will you believe. Oh, whose report will you serve for the Lord? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's stand together this morning. Whose report do you believe? Amen. I love that because he didn't just say it. He done it. Come on, somebody. There's a lot of people can say a lot of stuff, but when they back it up, that's a whole different story. Amen. He not only said it, but he done it. Not only said he could heal, but he done it. Not only said he could save, but he done it. Hallelujah. Whose report are you going to believe this morning? I'm going to believe the report of the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. What a great God we serve. What a wonderful God. Hallelujah. Amen. We're so thankful to have brother Andrew Spencer here with us this morning. Amen. The minister of the word. We brought his family, Sister Katie. Lovely two girls there. And it's a lovely family and good friends. Amen. We love him with all of our hearts. We thankful for, you know, God putting us together in this time that we're living in. We can stand shouldertosh shoulder. Amen. Sometimes we feel like our backs against the wall, but amen, we got a sword and we're going to fight with all that we have. Amen. But I believe this morning it ain't just the preacher that's here to fight. We all got swords this morning. Do you bring Did you bring your sword this morning? We're going to stick it to the heart of the enemy. Amen. It's a strong hand of faith that holds a sword and he puts it to the heart of the enemy. And that's what we're going to do this morning. Let's put it to the heart of the sickness that's got you or the problems or the situations. Hey, devil, this morning your head's coming off. Whose report do you believe? Amen. Whose report do you believe? Whose report do you believe? I believe what he said because what he said is what he done. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. key of B flat. Brother Andrew would come this morning. Who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean? He said it, but he also done it. And who showed the moon? Where to hide to leave me? To catch a falling star. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer. Oh yes, he lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit runs to the weary, the warm and the [Music] weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. Those hands, they conquer death. Bring me victory. Oh, I know. My redeemer is I know my [Music] redeemer. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. He lives to take away all of my shame. Oh, he lives forever. I proclaim. Oh, that the payment for my sins was a precious life he gave. Oh, but now he's alive. Oh, there's an empty grave. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer. Oh, let all creation. [Music] Oh, thank you, Lord. I know my redeemer. Oh, he lives today. Oh, aren't you glad about that? Hallelujah. Oh, and he lives forever, I proclaim. Oh, that the payment for my sins was a precious life he gave over now. Oh, hallelujah. He didn't just say it, he done it. Oh yes, Lord, I know my redeemer. Testify that this love within me cry. I know that my redeemer [Music] lives. I need your glory. I want your glory. More of you and less of me. It's what I I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Less me more is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Less me and more of you is what I need. So many times I stray away, rejecting the love and warm embrace. I realize I need you more and more each day. I need your glory. I want your glory. Oh, listen me more. Here's what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Oh, less me more of you is what I need. Take all my pride, my selfish ways. Oh, break me down so you remain. Empty me of all that's pain. Till only you are in this place. I need your glory. I want your glory. Oh, less me more. You what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your bless me, Lord. You what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Less of me and more of you is what I need. I need your glory. I need your power. Bless me more. is what I need, heavenly father, Lord. Truly, that is what we need. Less of ourselves and more of you. And Lord, we humble ourselves before the great I am this morning, Lord. Recognizing whose presence that we are in, Lord, the atmosphere is set for the supernatural. The atmosphere is set, Father, because there's a people that are believing on the report of the Lord. Father, I invite you just now, Lord, to come and take this pulpit, Lord, to take this service into thy hands and so mold it, Father, individually for each one that they'll begin to see that it was a son of man that would begin to walk and talk with him along the way. Father, I pray God as every person that is gathered here today, Lord, I pray that you would minister to them by the preaching of the word. Lord, I ask God for a special blessing from you, Lord Jesus, for my own family, my own needs. I ask God that thou wouldest come by my way. Lord, I stand here with my my cup turned up, Lord, and ready to receive. Father, I pray that you'd get into the service today. get into these words and may the people just hear you speaking to them. We yield our vessels to thee just now, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. God richly bless you. It is so wonderful to be here in the house of the Lord with you today. We just love you with the love of the Lord and we we count it an honor to be standing here on this Memorial Day weekend and certainly thankful to be living in a country where men would fight and die for us and we want to always respect that. We also want to honor those that have fought for this message and have given their lives to it. And certainly do appreciate our brother Tim and all that he has meant to us throughout the years. And I don't I don't just say these things because it's the right thing to do or the nice thing to do because they're at a man's pulpit, but I say it from my heart. I appreciate your pastor, brother Tim Puit, and with all that is within me. And you know, I I found a friend in him. He's he's not just my dad's friend, but he's mine. And he was when I was young and and uh I don't even know if I was even preaching yet, but he was never too busy for me. And he always he always took time to speak to me and tell talk to me about the message. And he's been a great influence on my life and all this all the all the deep questions and all the questions that was on the surface. He always had time for me, brother Derek. And I I appreciate that so much and appreciate the ministry. So I say that just don't miss how great a pastor that you have. Amen. Amen. God bless you. It's it's so good to be here. I bring greetings from our church family there at Full Gospel Lighthouse and and uh they they they certainly love you and appreciate you. They don't they don't miss a service that happens here and uh they sometimes catch up with it before I get to and uh they they love they love this church with all that is within them. And I sure appreciate brother Timothy and all that he means to me. I've spent the last three weeks with him. I don't know whether that's a good thing or not, but I sure have enjoyed myself and he's been a real friend to me. Come and minister to uh to us there at Full Gospel Lighthouse and then with us there in Kentucky. And my the Lord certainly used him in a special way. Amen. How many has a need that you'd like to just make known to the Lord today while the preaching of the word is going forth? I I pray that God will minister to you today. If you have your Bibles, we'd like to look in the book of Genesis, chapter 3. Book of Genesis chapter 3 and verse 13. Then also to Matthew chapter 13 verse 24. I sure did appreciate that crawfish boy yesterday, too. Uh, Brother Jackson, thank you, buddy. We love you, buddy. I'll be nice. I'm at the pull pit. So, Amen. God bless you. Amen. Genesis chapter 3 and verse 13. And the Lord God said unto the woman, "What is this that thou hast done?" And the woman said, "The serpent beg me, and I did eat." And the Lord God said unto the serpent, "Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field. Upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust thou shalt eat all the days of the life. And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed, and it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. Matthew chapter 13, verse 24. While you're turning there, I just like to read a portion of quotation brother Brandon makes in the message, proving his word. He said, "You understand that, did you see the earth cursed? The whole earth is cursed because of Adam's sin. But when this little seed, now the woman doesn't have a seed. She has a field that the seed lays in, not a seed. Cuz there's not no germ. You see, a germ has to a seed has to have a life in it. If it isn't, it's just material. The life isn't there. So the seed is in the man. That's the reason of the serpent's seed had to be in the woman. because it wasn't the seed of God. We know that. Matthew 13:4, another parable put he forth unto them, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is like unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. But while men slept, he his enemy came and sowed tears amongst the wheat and went his way. But when the blade was sprung up and brought forth brought forth the fruit, then appeared the tears also." So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didest not thou sow good seed in thy field, from whence then hath it tears? And he said unto him, An enemy hath done this. The servant said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up? But he said, Nay, lest while we gather up the tears, ye root up also the wheat with him. Let both grow together until the harvest. And in the time of harvest, I will say to the reapers, gather ye together first the tears and bind them in bundles and burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn. Let's jump down there to verse 36. Then Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house. And his disciples came unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field. Today I'd like to just take a little thought on the field under attack. declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field. May God bless his word. You may be seated today in the presence of the Lord. Verse 37 says that he answered and said unto them, he that sweth the good seed is the son of man. The field is the world. The good seed are the children of the kingdom, but the tears are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that sowed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world, and the reapers are the angels. As therefore the tears are gathered together and burned in the fire, so shall it be in the end of this world. Son the Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity, and shall cast them into the furnace of fire. There shall be wailing and nashing of teeth. Then shall the righteous shine forth as a son in the kingdom of their father. Who hath ears to hear, let him hear. Amen. We realize that we are in a very special season of life. We realize as the bride of Jesus Christ that we are standing in one of the most pivotal moments uh as the as the living body of Jesus Christ that where we recognize that that true believers are here to manifest the word of the hour and we realize that that it's no that it's no it's no uh it's nothing to us nothing new to us but we realize that we are right here in the midst of harvest time and the prophet would teach us in modern events made clear by pro prophecy he said this is not the day of Pentecost cost. He said, "But the Pentecostal age is passed." He said, "But Pentecost is gone." He said, "But this is harvest time." And we realize that the hour that we're living in, it is a time and a season where where God has gathering and we see that it is the same life that was in that was in the seed in the beginning. We see it as it's come back again. Brother Brandham would teach us in the church age book that the tears are maturing very fast. He said, "But if the tears are maturing very fast," he said, "then the wheat has got to be maturing." He said, "The reason why the that the tears are maturing in that in such a grass and it's such a vast way," he said, "It's because of false or or because of of of teachers or corrupt teachers that have turned the people from the word." He said, "But if the wheat also is maturing," he said, "then God has sent her a prophet messenger with a vindicated ministry that he might be accepted by the elect." And he went on to say that she will mature in the word until becoming a word bride. The mighty works will be found in her that are always attended upon the pure word of faith. I don't know about you, but I sure appreciate the message of the hour. Don't you? I sure appreciate a prophet coming by our way and ministering ministering these things and God not leaving us here in the midst of this chaos of Leonosa. But God has given us a message that has made us recognize who we are and what we are in this in this age and in this moment of time that the message of the hour has given us a liberty to believe that all things are possible. But it also points out to us that there is a real enemy that is wanting to destroy anything that looks close to the word of God or anything that that is close to it or anything that that moves or however the word of God comes and whatever form that the word of God is. Satan is going to attack that word. He is going to attack that word. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if it's in a little bitty child. He will attack that word. If it's in a if it's in a manger, he will attack that word. If it's in a if it's in a if it's in an animal, it'll attack that word. You watch when God comes, Satan always comes and he tries to attack the word. Now Jesus said in John 10 and 10 that the thief cometh not but for to steal and to kill and destroy. Now that word it the thief in in the in the Greek it it means an embezzler. It is the name that is transferred to false teachers who do not care to instruct men but abuse their confidence for their own gain. The thief cometh, the embezzler cometh to steal and to kill and destroy. But Jesus said, "But I am come to give you life that they might have it and more abundantly." Jesus didn't come to take anything away from you. Jesus come to give you life. Jesus didn't come to steal away from you, but he come to give you peace. He come to restore everything that the enemy has tried to come in and attack and take away from you. And we realize that the word of God has always been under attack. Is that right? We realize that Satan absolutely loves to attack the word of God. So he shows up. He shows up to attack the word made flesh in this hour. Now the prophet said in the contest, he said, "Now what is it?" He said, "It's actually a power. God is God and Satan is Satan. He said, "If you don't believe in a devil," he said, "When I first got started," he said, "I run long, head long into him every day." He said, "Don't tell me there's no devil because I know better. I have to fight with him every day. So, I know there is a devil." And he said, "You must be trained. You must meet him not with a tr not trained in fi psychology, not trained in education, but trained by the Holy Spirit. God's power in his word to make manifest know your enemy. And that's the thing today is that we've got to be built upon thus sayaith the Lord. We cannot build our churches on education. We cannot build our our churches on intellectualism, but we simply got to build our churches on thus sayaith the Lord. And I'm so thankful to realize that we're not preaching to you something that we don't know, but we have a prophet messenger that has been thoroughly vindicated that has taken us through the scripture, has literally opened up the word so we have a great understanding what this word means. Now, you're not going to be absent from attacks in your own Christian walk. You might be walking with the Lord, but you are going to be attacked. Whether in body, whether in spirit, or whether in your soul, the enemy is going to attack you. He is a good adversary and he will not give up. Even though you might whip him from this from this day until the next day until the next day, but he keeps coming back. But I say if you're coming back, Satan, we you're not coming back here to be a victor, but you're coming back here to be defeated. You can't think just because you have a certain name that you're going to be without attacks. You can't believe that you're just in a certain church that you're going to be without attacks. If you are under the message of the hour, you are going to withstand the attack of the enemy. He doesn't care where you came from. He doesn't matter what culture you came from. The enemy is going to attack you. He doesn't care if you're a preacher, he's going to attack you. He doesn't care if you're a mama, he's going to attack you. He even attacked our Lord Jesus Christ. And brother Brandham would say he came to him in three wild attacks. And I'll just be real honest. It's it's very it's very amusing sometimes how the enemy likes to attack God's children. And you think, my where why where is this coming from? And how is these things how is these things even coming? But you realize that the enemy even attacked our Lord Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham said he attacked him and three wild attacks there in Matthew chapter 4. He came there on that mount of temptation and he attacked him. He attacked his spirit. He attacked his flesh and he tried to show him that he would have the kingdoms of God. But notice what what we realize what Satan was trying to do when he showed him the kingdoms of the world. He was trying to show him a kingdom without a Calvary. You see, because you have got to go just like Jesus had to go. You got to bear a cross. You got to have a death. You got to be born again. You've got to die out to yourself. You got to come to a spot that even though you know you're a son of God, even though you're predestinated, even though you know that God ordained you and predestinated you for a great course, you've got to die. And Satan will try to offer you the kingdoms of this world. But you realize this, you can have religion without Calvary. You can have religion without a new birth. But you got to have a new birth to have true religion. He said, "Now you watch." He said, "Satan doesn't just attack you once." He said, "But he will attack you with a disease, then he'll come back there and he'll attack you and tell you that the days of miracles is passed." He'll come back there and tell you that the days of miracles are passed. You didn't get healed. There's nothing to it. He said he attacked Jesus three times in wild attacks. Now, you're not going to stop Satan from attacking you. You're not going to stop Satan from attacking you, but you have been given the greatest weapon that has ever been placed in the hand of mankind. Is that right? You realize that the Bible said unto us, "Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he will flee from you." I love what the prophet said. He said, "He won't walk away from you, but he'll flee away from you." We realize that this enemy that we are fighting that the prophet came in there and he taught us in the greatest battle ever fought. He came in there and told us that that is where the battle begins at that we realize that the mind is the arena where Satan is going to contend with our thoughts. He's there and Satan is coming and he's going to try to instill negativity. He's going to instill unbelief. He's going to come in there, but God is going to come in there and God is going to place his word. So, Satan is going to throw out complexes, but God is going to put in his word. So, Satan will put in anxiety, but God will put in peace. So, Satan will put in diseases, but God will put in healing. Satan will put in corruption, but God will bring about a restoration. The word of God has never failed in the mouth of every son and daughter of God. It never failed then and it will not fail now. So, Satan might be a great swer, but almighty God is the greatest swer that there ever has been and ever will be. You might sow disbelief. But God is going to sow faith. You might sow discord, but God is going to sow a a reproduction of the Holy Ghost. Satan will come in and throw in complexes. Are you worthy enough? This brother doesn't like me. This sister doesn't care for me. The enemy comes in and you watch the attack. The attack in Matthew chapter 13. I want you to realize this that Satan has been studying this field. He's been watching this field as it has grown throughout the ages. He's watched that field. Many of times the attacks that you go through seem so personal. They seem so real. They seem like like God that God or or or God has allowed this for a certain reason or that Satan's got a personal vendetta with you. I want to say this that the attack against you realize this is not just against you but it is against the owner of the field. If you can catch that in Matthew chapter 13 you can see that Satan does not have enough power to stop what God has already sold because the enemy didn't just come in to try to to rob you and try to stop the seed. He tried to destroy the owner's reputation. But I say this that God's seed that he deposited is greater than any tear. It's greater than any complex. It's greater than anything that you ever came out of. And only the word of God gives you the ability to conquer that enemy. And Satan is right there and he's watching the field. He's standing so close and he's trying to stop that spoken word. That's what he's after. We realize that Paul said, "But though we or an angel from heaven preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accured." So when you start taking away from the word and you start bringing in ideologies and start bringing in different ideas that you begin to break down the word and you bring in a hybrid religion, but there is nothing as strong as the supreme authority of the original spoken word. And Satan realizes that he that he can go in there and he might afflict the field, but he'll never stop that word. He might afflict this field, but he can never stop this word. There is nothing as strong as the powerful as the power of this word. So Satan comes in there to hinder the field, the womb, the vessel. Now, brother man said in future home he said now the woman he said because God picked up he he picks up Genesis 3. He said because they they they did this I'll put enmity between your seed and the serpent seed. Is that right? And the woman doesn't have any seed. He said did you ever think of that? He said she has a field not a seed. You see the serpent had already placed his seed there. Then if the woman doesn't have a seed, she's got to remain to have a seed. So the woman does not produce a seed, she simply just receives it. She puts herself in line of receiving that seed through the bidding ground of the word of God. I love what the prophet said. He said he bred this one to that one to this one to that one until he got exactly what it wanted. He said that's how he comes down. You see, he bred this one to that one. You don't understand how you got here. I heard the brothers talking about how this family member came and how this family member came and all of a sudden God's got evening like tabernacle. He's got it completely together. What was it? It was God bringing out exactly from perfection to perfection, from glory to glory. He said that's the way that the church goes. You see, because God was building a field. Yeah. Now in Joseph meeting his brethren, the prophet said, "Now notice as soon as God seen that seed of the woman, how they had been misconstrued there." He said, "And righteousness had been perverted." And God gave a promise that through that woman would come a blessed seed. You get it? He said, "There would be a seed." And just as soon as Satan heard that, who was standing present? Notice as soon as he said it, Satan was standing present. As soon as he heard it, he took in to destroy that seed. And he tried to do it in Joseph. He tried to do it all through the ages. And he's still against that blessed seed. You see, what he what is the prophet saying is that Satan is trying to stop that royal seed from coming. He's trying to stop the son of man from ministering to the bride of Jesus Christ. He is still against that blessed seed. He was standing right there and he heard this prophecy. And as soon as he heard it, as soon as he heard it, he tried to go in there and misconstrue it and stop that blessed seed. I say that same devil's still after you. I say he's after our young people. I say he's after our ministries. There's never been a time throughout the ages that Satan has attacked the ministry of the son of man like this hour. The ministry is under the greatest attack. The layman are under the greatest attack. Why? Because Satan realizes that there is a seed, there is a predestinated seed, the spoken word of God that he cannot stop. And if he could stop message preachers from preaching, if he could stop message preachers from preaching hands, laying hands on the sick, then he might get it stopped. If he could stop them from preaching a truth, then he might get it stopped. But as long as I'm alive, as long as I'm alive, as long as there is a weapon, as long as God has ordained us, then we are called to preach the message. Yeah. Brother Brandon was asked a question and question and answers on his heels. He said, "Would the bride of Christ," he said, "Would the bride of Christ have a ministry before the rapture?" Sure. That's what's going on right now. That's what's going on right now. The bride of Christ, he said it is the message of the hour, the bride of Christ. That's what's going on right now. You see why Satan is trying to stop you to stop this field from getting to this spoken word is because that's what's going on right now. He's trying to stop the field. She consists of apostles, prophets, teachers, evangels, and pastors. That's the bride of Christ. We realize that the hour that you and I are living in that we're living in the lapover. That there we re recognize from the Philadelphia to the Lelay Oyssey church age that it was a lapover that the prophet taught us. That there in the scriptures in Revelations 3 and 8 that I know thy works. Behold, I've set before thee an open door. We realize that the hour that you and I are living in is the greatest hour because there has been given the ability to the bride of Jesus Christ to every minister of this age. An open door, a revelation to give strength, a revelation. It has given us an illumination to know there's been no other time like this time in this open door revelation to preach the name of Jesus Christ. That not only is our is he our savior, but he is our lord. He's not only alpha, but he is omega. It was not in any other time, but in this time that we recognize that he's both Lord and Christ. But you watch the enemy come in there and try to tear down the power of that name. But the prophet said once and for all the revelation of the godhead his is back. The true church can build in strength again after all this time. She finally knows who her Lord is. Once again, we're baptizing in that name of Jesus Christ just as they did at Pentecost. I don't know about these brothers, but I count it such an honor to be standing right here in this hour to recognize that you and I that these brothers have been given an ability, an opportunity to minister an open revelation. We don't have a closed book. We don't have a closed revelation, but we know who our Lord is. We know where our power comes from. We know where our ability comes from. You see, just like Moses in that day with that rod in his hand, if the Egyptians could ever get that out of his hand, the Egyptians would have whipped him. And if they if Satan can ever get the name of Jesus Christ out of the mouth of the believing church, then he'll stop the church. But I say, you showed up too late. We've already got a revelation. And the secret things belong unto the Lord. But the things which are revealed belong unto us. Satan didn't realize what he was doing. He didn't realize what he was doing. But there has been given a church an ability, a power to withstand the attack of the enemy. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying this that if you preach the message of Jesus Christ, if you preach the open door, if you preach this revelation, the gates of hell will be against you. They will be against you. They will be against you. But they'll never shut that door. They'll never shut that open door. They'll never shut the revelation of who Jesus Christ is off to the church of the living God. Because we realize that of whatever we have need of is already in him. It's already in him. He declares and he reveals himself in a seven compound name in Jehovah that we realize that the prophet said his attitude towards the people from Eden was wrapped up in them seven redemptive names. Is that right? He is Jehovah Gyra, the Lord that provides. He is Jehovah Rafa, the Lord that heals. He is Jehovah Ni, the Lord our banner. He is Jehovah Shalom, the Lord our peace. He is Jehovah Rah, the Lord my shepherd. He is Jehovah Tiskanu, the Lord my righteousness. He is Jehovah Sam. The Lord is present. He is Jehovah Shama. And he ain't backing away. He's right here. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If you need healing, I say let the attacks come, but God is our healer. Let the attacks of sickness come, but God is our healer. Let troubles come. Let defeats come, but God is our victory. Satan, you done messed up because there is a people that have caught the revelation of the son of man. She knows what's been given to her. She knows what she's called for. She's not backing off. She's not giving up. She's not turning around, but she's standing right here on the revelation of who Jesus Christ is. So, Satan, attack all you want to. We got a message to take us all the way through. What are you saying? I'm saying that Satan will attack you, but God will defend you. I'm saying that Satan may accuse you, but Jesus will be your advocate. I'm saying Satan might try to destroy you, but God will build you up. Satan might wound you, but God will heal you. I say every demon that might be attacking the church of the living God has got to bow to the name of the most high God. I say oppression's got to bow. Depression's got to bow. Darkness has got to bow. Satan has to bow. Cancer has to bow. Sugar diabetes has to bow. Autism has to bow. Varicose veins have to bow. Trump has to bow. Biden has to bow. Putin has to bow. And Satan himself has to bow to the name of Jesus Christ. You're not getting this name. You're not getting it out of our mouth. You're not getting out of a praise. You're not getting it out of a worship. The name of Jesus Christ has the ability to set you free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You watch in ancient ancient times that the enemy would come in. And when you start watching in the Roman and Assyrian age, you begin to watch that they would come in there and they would go in there to attack that field after they had come in there and conquered. And the reason why they did that, they would take they would go in and attack this field. And they would after they had won their victory, they would go in and cast salt on the ground, the fields. They would do that simply to keep the ground from ever regaining its strength to produce a crop. Hallelujah. They were attacking the fields with salt. You got a brother that was like that and his name was Shamgar. Hallelujah. The enemy came in there. Where did he come in? He didn't come in any other time. The enemy knows when to come in. The enemy knows when to whip you, try to come in there and whip you. The enemy knows that when you're at your weakest, he knows that when you're in that the greatest of times of victories. You notice where the bride of Jesus Christ is. She is in one of the greatest cycles of victories that she's ever been. But you watch where Satan is attacking her at. He is attacking her upon her strength. Come on, somebody. He is attacking her on her strength. And Shandar had went through the cycles of the enemy coming in there of cycles of revival and death. He'd watched the enemy come in there, the Philistines, come in there and take away his harvest and take away his joy. He watched his children suffering and they was suffering oppression and suffering with dirty dirty things on the internet. He was suffering with all kinds of things. But Shamgar had come to a position in his life that he recognized that these attacks was against his en from his enemy. But all of a sudden one day he come to a moment that one day he recognized that he was a son of Abraham that he was under the same commission that he was under the same covenant. And that Shamgar began to recognize he had the ability that what God had deposited on the inside of his field had been given him the ability to conquer every felistine because the scripture said if want to put a flight a th00and to 10,000 and the enemy showed up with 600. It was not enough to stop Shamgar. Where did he come to him in the middle of harvest time? Where is the enemy attacking you at? Come on, somebody. He ain't attacking you on your reading your Bible. He's not attacking you out there going and socializing with the world. He attacked you on the message because he knows that if he can ever get this message out of your mind, out of your soul, then he's got you whipped. Glory to God. You're not going to be able to stand withstand this enemy, just your own DNA. But it's going to take a special gene to whip this enemy. I was born in a great family. I was born in a powerful family and I I recognize them as powerful. Great lineage in the message. But that didn't save me. Just because my granddaddies and my granddaddies were sp were were Spencers and Frasers that preached the message of the hour, that didn't give me the ability to withstand the attack of the enemy. My natural DNA does not give me the ability. But what God deposited before the foundation of the world has given me ability to withstand every attack, every influence of hell. And I say this that Satan will never have enough to stop the gene seed of God. Amen. You see what what God has deposited that heavenly gene seed, it'll conquer your mortality and it'll ush you right in to eternal life. You watch what brother Brandham when brother Brandham comes in the last five services of his ministry. He comes in there and he is heavily laboring on these thoughts of lacing in into the field the gene seed of God. that the gene seed of God is has the ability to create sons and daughters of God. What was it? Malachi 4's mouth was getting ready to be stopped. But here he was sewing a seed into this field that it could reap a harvest for the son of man. You see this Malachi 4 seed, it'll it'll produce a Revelations 10 8-11 people. a people that will receive the word of the hour and not just give them a word but give them power. What Paul say? This gospel came unto me not only in word only but in power. Now notice what the prophet said in spoken word is the original seed. He said the power of the believing church. Christ has got all power on earth. He said do you believe that? And the congregation said, "Now, what if he's in you?" Now, here's a question. What if is what if he's in you? Has Christ got all power? Has Christ got all power? Matthew 28:18 says, "He is a seed word in his body. He is in us becomes a seed word in us. All that God was, he poured into Christ. And all that Christ was, he poured into the church. So every ability that the son have, then the bride has. If there was healing in the son, then there's healing in the bride. If there was casting out of devils in the sun, then it's in the bride. Is that right? So Satan was there in the beginning in Genesis 1 when God said, "Let there be light." Satan is standing there real close and he's watching God in his power. We realize that through the word of faith that these the universe the earth was fully manifested by the word of God. Things that were visible were made by the invisible. And Satan is right there and he's watching this transpire. Brother Brandham would say that if before God was God, he had to create angels to be God, to be an object of worship. So God creates Lucifer, all of his angels, all the thousands and millions of angels. And there he is in his creation. Brother Brandon would title Lucifer as the co-equal in heaven, that he had all the abilities except to create, but his ability is simply to pervert what God has already spoken. So Lucifer is standing there and he's watching this power. He's watching God as he takes and he begins to speak a word. It comes from his mind and then he sends it out there and he rolls it out across his fingertips. Brother man said he sent it out there maybe a hundred million years and it just stopped it in the right spot. He held it right there and Lucifer is watching. Lucifer is seeing this now. The prophet said in the earnest earnestly contending for the faith he said notice how from the beginning Satan has been so close. He said, 'A lot of people say today, "Oh, brother Brandham, do you think that communism is awful?" He said, 'Yes, it's awful, but that's not the Antichrist. No, sir. Jesus said that the Antichrist would be so close like the real that it would deceive the very elect if it was possible. He said it's religious people. He said that's where it comes in. So, Satan is this close. He's this close. If this is the true, thus sayaith the Lord, then Satan is real close. He's watching this. You can imagine as William Brandham is up there in sportsman hollow and he's fighting off he's fighting off these ideas. He's he's standing there and he's woring is this in the scripture is what we read about is what we read about in Mark 11 is it under the atonement? And he stands there and all of a sudden these things are sovereignly given him and the voice speaks to him. You know the story. He said, "What are you hunting?" He said, "Squirrels, how many would you like?" He tells him three. You've got to recognize that that same Lucifer was standing right there and he watched this son of man. He watched this man as he's standing there all of a sudden he speaks. He speaks and there's a squirrel and there's a squirrel and there's a squirrel. He's got to recognize that that same power that he saw all the way in the beginning is now standing right there in human flesh. The word was made flesh and dwelts amongst us. And Satan is this close. He's watching it. But I'll say this, he didn't just leave it there. He didn't just leave it there. There were some people that was fellowshipping around some squirrels and they were sitting there talking about it and there was a little bitty woman of faith said, "How can these things be, brother Random?" And he started telling her how it could be. He started speaking these things exactly how they happened. And that little woman of faith said, "That's nothing but the truth." I say Satan was standing real close when he watched a little bitty wash woman that didn't have a no value to her name. Didn't have a penny to her name, but she took a hold of the spoken word. I say Satan didn't have enough to stop her from speaking thus sayith the Lord. That's nothing but the truth. And I say Satan ain't got enough to stop you. I say he ain't got enough for our young people. He ain't got enough for our ladies. He ain't got enough for our brothers. I say he ain't got enough for you mamas that are still praying for your prodals. I say he ain't got enough to stop our daddies from calling that order back to their home and believing the message again. He does not have enough. All you've got to do is get in harmony. Hallelujah. like little had he got in harmony with thus sayaith the Lord and she'd said that's nothing but a truth give her whatever she wants to what would happen in this place if God said give her what she wants to what would you ask for what would you call down from heaven I say the same power that was in heaven is now on earth in a bride body and Satan cannot attack enough to stop you from believing It ain't going to be some man that does it. It's going to be your faith in the son of God that you believe that he's still able. He's still more powerful. And Satan is relentless in his mission of tempting and lying and cheating and twisting. And he's always trying to hinder that that power of that spoken word. I love this prophet said, "Has the Lord spoken only in Moses?" God never changes. His power is just the same as it was before the creation of time. God made and spoke in the beginning was the word and the word was with God. And the word was God. That's in the beginning the word. This word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us. The word returned in the spirit again and living amongst men tonight. Just the same living God throughout the ages. And his word tonight is just as effective in the heart of a believer as it was when it was spoken in the beginning. His word in the believer is as powerful as it was when it was spoken in the beginning. It never varies from it course. It'll move on. It's a constant relay chain. And Satan has craved after that power ever since it was spoken there at the Garden of Eden. Wherever that spoken word is, God is standing right there to manifest his power. But Satan is standing right there, too. He's standing there to try to capture that word before it gets to your heart so that you'll believe it. And he's going to try to interpret it just like he interpreted to Eve. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But God don't need no interpreter. His word, he simply interprets his word by bringing it to pass. If he said that you would be there and your offspring with them, you don't need no devil to interpret that. If God said by his stripes you are healed, you don't need some devil to interpret that to you. You don't need to tell some You don't need some devil to tell you that you ain't healed. You don't need some devil to tell you that you ain't good enough. God is the interpreter of his word and he interprets it by bringing it to pass. Yeah, you may have been no good. Yeah, you may have had a bad mama. Yeah, you may have had a bad diet. But God interprets his word by bringing it to pass. And this hour in this generation, you've been given an abstract title deed. Your mama may have been a drunk. Your daddy may have been alcoholic. Your mama being been a prostitute. But God rich in mercy. gave you an abstract title deed that everything that was against you has been struck off. I say you're justified as if you never done it in the first place. You can attack my past, but it's over. You can attack my mind, but it's over. You can attack my spirit, but it's over. You can attack my soul, but I'm already sealed. You can try to stop the message, but it's already been sold. I've got a word from heaven and I'm not backing off of it. Attack what you want to, but God is my defender. One man said he always had a man. God always had a man that he could trust. He said it's been a relay chain. has been a relay chain from Adam to Noah to Noah to Abraham to Moses to the prophets to Jesus to the apostles and now to the end time bride under a final message running with everything within them. And Satan's been watching that. He's been watching that relay. He's been watching that transfer of fire because he realized if he can stop you from getting to a birth, Wow. You see where Satan comes in and attacks so hard against a new birth? I'll be honest. You watch Satan, I'll tell you this message didn't come in here to reform you. This message came here to transform you. You're not going to stay the same way when you come under the the come under the opaces of the Holy Ghost. But this message is going to change you. It's going to birth you. And what is he trying to do? He's trying to stop that personal that personal experience with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You watch under the Old Testament the attacks on the field of Abraham. He come in there and he attacked him through famine. He come in there and attacked him and Pharaoh was interested in his wife. He attacked him with strife between his herdsman and Lot's herdsman. What the enemy's goal was was to distract Abraham to defide and derail the blessing. But God was rich in mercy. Moses and the children of Israel in the Exodus, you see that Moses was leading that Israelites through the wilderness and the people were constantly attacked through murmuring and complaining and rebellion of Kora and to believe the sign and idolatries of of the of Hallelujah of golden calves. What was the enemy's goal? to sew in disobedience and to sew in distrust in what the prophet had already said to prevent them from reaching the promised land. But there was a Joshua and a Caleb that no matter what you said about the message, no matter how you criticize the message, they were still going in because there was something on the inside of them, Brother Weaton, that but they were going in. They could talk about the move of the Holy Ghost, but they were still going on. They could talk about laying on hands of the sick and they were still going in. They could talk about deliverances were no longer to the church, but they were still going in. There was nothing going to stop them because Joshua was under commission to divide the inheritance. He didn't have to preach a new message. He simply had to say what the prophet said. I'm so thankful that I ain't got to recreate the wheel, but just preach what William Brandon preached. And there's power behind it. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. What are you saying, brother Angel? I'm saying this. Satan showed up too late. He showed up too late. Brother Sammy showed up too late. He tried to stop you, but God God rich in mercy. He tried to hinderage you, but God rich in mercy. Satan tried to afflict you, but God rich in mercy. Because God knows what he's deposited. And what he's deposited has the ability to transform itself into what God said it would be. That God is obligated to take care of that seed. You believe that? He's obligated to take care of that seed. He swed a message seed, then he's going to take care of it. Don't get upset because the way your field looks. Don't get upset because of the circumstances that have caused your field to be dry. God knows what he's depositing. Parents, don't you get upset because the way the field looks in your young people. God knows what he's depositing. You just keep applying that token. You keep holding on. Don't you worry. God knows where good ground's at. And I'll tell you, God's the kind of sewer that he knows how to sew it on good ground. He knows exactly where to throw it. There might be some men that cast here and there, but God is the kind of sewer that he ain't just aimlessly throwing out it. He ain't just aim throwing out predestinated seed and hoping they land here and hoping they land there. He knows exactly where he deposited them. We did not become seed by the rebirth. We were seed, therefore, we could be reborn. Don't you get upset about the field. God knows what he deposited. And God is obligated to take care of what he deposited. Brother Man said, "If you want cucumbers, plant cucumbers." He said, "But if you want a church, build on the church, then sew the word." I say, "Let's build our churches on thus sayaith the Lord." Satan might be scared of the seed, but God knows what's there. You see that seed, it carries with it a power, a future power. I've always thought this not a very good I'm not a very good farmer. I was born in family of farmers. Does not make me a farmer. You want to watch something die, just watch me go out there and build a garden. One, I don't have good ground. If you want to if you want some rocks, come to Augusta County, Virginia. Well, you want to watch something die, you come up here on our ground. Cuz ain't no good ground up there. Well, you want to watch something live, come under this message. Ain't nothing but good ground under this message. And Satan realizes that that seed carries a future power with it. So, he's watching that seed. He realizes that you you know that when a seed is first sewn, you don't fully see the manifestation of what it truly is. And Satan looks at it and well, it don't really look very dangerous at all. It's it's small. It's weak. It's vulnerable. They're young. They they're going through the trials of their life. They're they don't really they don't know which way they're going. They haven't found their way yet, but they're they're still coming acts I'm not really worried about. But what he doesn't realize is on the inside of that seed is a future power to destroy Satan's kingdom. He realizes, hallelujah, inside of you, if I want you, if you can recognize one thing from this message, that on the inside of you is the ability to cast down every stronghold of Satan. You might look weak. You might feel vulnerable. You might be going through the trial of your life, but God knows what he's deposited. and you will destroy Satan's kingdom. Satan knows that if he lets that seed mature that it will defeat him and destroy him. So if he recognizes the power that's there, he's going to try to kill it. You know, I always wondered I I I wasn't always a message believer. I grew up in a message home. I'm so thankful for my dad, but I wasn't always a message believer. I grew up underneath of it. I heard it all my life. But until I was changed, until I was birthed, and I always when I read the Bible, I always wondered, I always wondered till I come to this message, why did Satan attack certain ones more than he did others? And then I come to the message and then I found out the reason is because there's a value behind that person. You look at the life of Job, I love this that Job in the message Job Brandon said, "One day Satan come up there before God and said before the before the sons of God and said, "Have you considered my servant Job a just man, perfect, none like him in the earth?" He said, "Oh, sure." He said, "You're giving him everything he wants. You got him all hedged up and everything." Said, "No wonder." Said, "Sure, he can serve you. making plenty of money, getting plenty of cattle, got everything in life. Sure, anybody can serve you like that. He said, "But if you'll let me have him, I'll make him curse you to your face." I love what Brother Brandham said. Here's a prophet. And he captures the mind of God. God said, "I don't believe it." Man, I'll tell you what, God's got confidence in his seed. I always wondered why Satan attacks certain ones more than others. And then I come to the message and I seen that God has got confidence in that brother that he could send him through the trial of his life and he won't bow. He could send Daniel to a lion's den and he won't bow. He can send the three Uber children to a fiery furnace but they won't bow. He can send you in the midst of Leosa. Your brother might leave you. Your family might leave you. But you will not bow. Anybody can serve you like that, but let me touch his life. He said, you can do everything to him, but don't touch his life. God said, I got confidence in you, little bride. I'm going to send you through the worst of ages, through the trials of your life, and you're still going to come out standing. Satan may attack you. He may tempt you. He might try to defeat you, but you're still going to stand. I love the scriptures. David said in Psalms 18 86 and 17, "Show me a token for good that they which hate me may see it and be ashamed because thou hast hope in me and comforted me. Show me a token for good that they which hate me may see it because the Lord capital L O R D has hope in me. That word in the Hebrew means to surround. It means to protect. It means to secure. Just like God had Job heads up. Show me a token for good that Elohim has got me surrounded. has got me surrounded. So if you are who God says you are, then the enemy will come in in mind battles and fleshly battles. He will come in in spiritual battles and he's going to try to break down that stronghold. He's going to try to take away your defense. He's going to try to take away your strength. You notice where Satan comes in. He attacks you. And I found this when I was studying out this thought in in in the 1800s in the Texan and American West. There was ranchers that had fought over land and they was going through there and they was making their way west and there was these cattlemen that was driving up these cattle from Mexico and they was working their way up and they wanted that open range out there in the west so that they could go in there and they could drive their cattle all the way to Canada and they could get a pretty price for them. And those cattlemen come up there. And as those as those men come in there and they claim their territories, those men came in there and they started putting fences putting fences around their around their boundaries and their territories. And there was actually a a Texas fence cutting war that transplay transpired in 1880s where these cattlemen would come in there and they was driving their land. They was driving their cattle through these land and they come up against these fences and in them fences was these brothers. was their harvest in there. There was their message in there and there these cattlemen came in there and they started cutting the line. They started cutting the line and they drove their cattle through there. What were they doing? They were trampling over the harvest in that field because if they could get them if they could stop the harvest, they could drive them off of that field. They could drive them off of that field. That's what Satan is trying to do to you. He is trying to destroy your spiritual boundaries. If he can cut your line of defense to the message, if he can cut off your prayer life, if he can cut off your worship, if he can cut off thus sayaith the Lord, he can stop you from building on this land. Amen. Hallelujah. I love this message. The message said that Christ has now taken himself a bride to be pregnant with his own seed word in her womb, spirit womb in her mind, and she won't mix it with any denominational trust with it. She is virgin to him. So God is going to restore the church. So this church is pregnantated with his seed that you might go through attacks. You might go through wars. But the prophet said, "You remember that old pine tree? When that first that fire hits her and it burns down, she shakes off a seed. Though that seed will bring forth a new one." So God has a purpose in the attack. He has a purpose in the attack. He has a purpose what you're going through. Because if you don't go through the fire, then you'll never release that seed and it'll never produce a new crop. But this church, I can hear a prophet say that I will restore, sayeth the Lord. But there is a church that has been spiritually birthed into the kingdom of God. I love what the prophet said. He said, "You watch Mary's womb." Mary's womb, the physical mind. She was virgin womb. Why? She believed God's word. And but first, before her mind, before the act could ever take place in her literal womb, the act had to take place in here. First to let the spirit come in and do the rest of the work. He said, "See, before the actual spiritual birth can take place, the word has to find itself through your mind. Believe it. He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath eternal life." So the church is pregnantated with a word of power. And Satan is battling against that seed and trying to hinder that field. He tried to stop it in Job, but he didn't have enough power. He tried to stop it in Daniel, but it didn't have enough power. He tried to crucify Jesus, but it didn't have enough power. And God has sown his seed. And now this bride has been pregnantated with thus sayaith the Lord. And I say this that Satan is trying to stop everything that he can from that seed from getting sown. But the prophet said in the invisible union, he said, "You see that church, she's pregnantated with something because she's always bringing forth members all the time. She don't want none of them screaming, hollering, blabbering Acts 238 miserable creatures that she thinks that they are. It would certainly embarrass her. It would ruin her and her educated, ethical, scientific society that she belonged to there. They would throw her out at the next church council. She can't have it. She don't want none of them pregnant with the word. But that's the only kind that the word can bring forth. The word kind will be produce a word bride. She don't want any of that kind. She don't want none of them screaming, hollering, but that's the only kind the word can produce. She don't want none of them that shout, but that's the only kind that the word can produce. She don't want none of them that can lay hands on the sick, but that's the only kind that the word can produce. She don't want none of them that can cast out devils in the name of Jesus Christ. That's the only kind that the word can produce. She don't want any of them that'll take up serpents and tread over top of them. But that's the only kind that the word can bring forth. She don't want none of them screaming, hollering, blabbering. Acts 2:38, miserable creatures that she thinks they are. Well, we shouldn't have no shouting in the church. Well, you know, I I had a lovely family that was in the message and they believed this message with all her heart. My grandmother, my grandmother Tinie, she she was a message believer. She was kind of the she was a kind of believer, Brother Brad, she took everything the prophet said and she started writing out checks where she said the where the prophet said that they that a believer that takes the word, they have checkbook and authority. After she passed away, we started going through her Bible and we started finding all them checks that she wrote out. There was some believers. She wrote them out, some for me, wrote some out for my family, wrote some out for me when I was in the worst of my trials. She was a message believer. And she went to a so-called message church one time. I forgive me. I'm going to preach this morning. She went to a so-called message church and all of a sudden the spirit of God got to moving in a service much like this. I tell you where where the word of God is, it'll find a real believer. And all of a sudden, she the preacher got to preaching and all of a sudden she got so under the anointing of the Holy Ghost, she stood up and started shouting, started running all over the building. And the deacons of that message church came and grabbed her by the shoulder and took her down, set her down back in her seat. She said, "What's that for?" He said, "We don't do that in this church." Wow. Well, thank God we ain't in that church this morning. And it wasn't my church. I highly disbelieve that it was this church. I know it wasn't. Lord have mercy. What'd you get me into? I know it wasn't this church. And I've shouted in this church before. I've danced in this church before. I know that this ain't kind of that kind of church that want to kick out them Acts 238 blabbering, screaming, hollering at lay miserable creatures that she thinks they are. But there was some people around the ranks of the message that didn't like that. And they said, "Well, give me some scripture about Jesus shouting." Well, I can tell you where Jesus shouted. He said, "I shout." He shouted when he seen that their names was written on the lamb's book of life. That Satan will never get to him. Yeah. Well, they said Jesus didn't shout. I beg to differ. But every single person that Jesus Christ ever touched, had a shout, had a belief, had an understanding who they were. Hallelujah. They may have attacked the seed. They may have tried to attack our worship. They may have tried to attack our praise. But God said, "I am going to restore back to her everything. I'm going to restore my truth back to her to know that she's in a right. She's got a right to worship me. She's got a right to praise me. She's got a right to dance. She's got a right to speak the word. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Well, yeah. It should We shouldn't have We shouldn't have no standing up in church. We ought to be quiet as a church mouse. Well, you going to attack that? I'll attack you. That's right. I'm not attacking nobody. I'm just attacking the spirit. Well, we shouldn't have these young people ought to stay seated and hear the word of God. But do you know that in the book of Nehemiah, the Bible said in Nehemiah 8 and5 that when the book was open, they stood up. So, you got every right to stand up. You got every right to worship. You got every right to praise. Well, they tried to attack us and say we shouldn't have dancing in the church no more. Well, I say this. If we can go out there in the world and our young people can go out there in the world and they could dance and they could scream at a ball game, then they ought to have some rights to be able to worship God in the house of the Lord. They might attack, but God will defend. They might say that we shouldn't preach. What am I saying in this sermon? The field's under attack. and it's trying to stop what God ordained it to produce. I was I was in my study a while back and I was I was down praying for a service and I was I was down and the spirit of the Lord began to deal with me and spoke to me to go to listen to the interview of Sister Bruce. I've listened to it and you haven't if you haven't listened to it in a while, I believe it'll bless you. I listen to it. Especially when I was a young person, I wouldn't say I listen to a tape. It's only 12 minutes long. Dad, I listen to a tape today. I was down praying and the Lord just started speaking to me. Don't listen to that. So, I begin to listen to it and it's sometimes it's hard it's hard to hear it. If you go and read and listen to it, the same you you catch the anointing of it. And there, Sister Bruce is is is talking with brother Brandham. And if you ever been to Brandon Tabernacle, you you can recognize that the pull pit was here. And just right down right down this way. And over there is where Brother Brandham's office was. So, Brother Brandham's office is standing there, and he he has the ability to look out and see the pull pit. There he's having this interview with Sister Bruce. And Sister Bruce is just laboring on these thoughts. She said, "I want an experience that I've been sealed in by the Holy Ghost." And brother Maram talks to her and said, "You're a real born again believer." He said, "But Satan is present to mark you, to make you believe that you're not." He said, "God doesn't see you. He sees his son." She said, "But brother Brandham, I make so many mistakes." He said, "But that's why Christ had to die for you." He said, "Your mistakes are not lauded to you. He is your propitiation. He is your sin offering. Christ took your mistakes." She said, "But I got no experience to put my foot on, brother Brandham." He said, "You see," he said, "in your human nature." He said, "You was born in sin. You were shaped in iniquity." He said, "But you notice your nature changed." He said, "Your nature changed once." He said, "Christ changed that." She said, "Yes, sir." Now, watch a prophet. He said, "I've watched you under vision. Now, a prophet speaking. I know you're a Christian. There's not a thing wrong in your experience. And how Satan attacks our young people and says, "You've never had nothing to put your foot on." Well, it was just emotion. It was just the excitement of the building that you were in. They had the music playing just right. They had the they had the microphones and everything set and you just got under the emotion of what the building was building up to and Satan comes in and attacks you and try to take away everything that God gave to you. And before long you start believing that you've never had an experience and you got all these mistakes. I've got nothing to put my foot on. I'm sitting here and I'm listening I'm listening to this and the spirit of God says listen closely and I'll be honest as I told you I listened to it a few times and I thought how can I be such an idiot to miss it I'm sorry if I called myself idiot and that finish you know some people already thinking but I felt back like I just listen in vain sometimes and then I heard it. Listen closely while all this is going on. I never had an experience to put my foot on. I I've made so many mistakes. I I don't I don't know. I don't know. And a prophet said, "I've watched you under vision. You're a real Christian." And then I heard it. The congregation is back there on the backside singing, "There's power. There's power. There's wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. You might have made mistakes. You might have never had a spot where you think you could put your foot on, but the blood, the blood, the blood. Satan might try to rob you of your mental faculties, but the blood, he might to tell you that you're not good enough, but the blood, he might try to rob you and try to steal from you, but the blood, the blood has the power, has the ability to withstand. You were in God's mind before Satan could ever get to you. Satan got to Eve before Adam could get to her. But before Satan could get to you, but before Satan could get to you, God deposited a predestinated seed. Eve fail. But a prophet said that you're predestinated not to fall. That mean you've got to accept what you was raised for. You were raised for victory. You were raised to defeat the devil. You were raised to cast him out. You were raised. You know you've got an experience. You know you got the Holy Ghost. Push that devil back. Push him back. How do I fight him, brother Andrew? With the message. You've been given an open door revelation. Fight him back. Push him back. You got mind battles. Push him back. You mamas and daddies are fighting. Whether your children are ever going to come to it, fight that devil back. Push him back in the corner. My family will believe. My family will be in a restoration. My family will have the Holy Ghost. My family will believe this message. My family will have victory. My family is going in rapture. Sometime in your life, you've got to confess what this message said. And the message says you're justified. This message says you're sanctified. This message says you got the Holy Ghost. Church of the living God here and on tape. Do you know where you stand? Do you know that you were called of God? That the Holy Ghost reigns in your heart and every word of God is real to you? Oh, brother, how is Satan going to stand against that? How is he going to stop that from going? How is he going to keep them signs from following it? Why you could throw them into jail? Hey, if you could, I don't care what you do to them. They done tried it. They rotted in jails. They was fed to lines. They was saw us under. They were jerked to pieces. You could can't you can't kill it out. Ride a church that's predestinated. Those who he forneew like he did Jesus, he has called. And those who he's called, he is justified. And those who he's justified, he's already glorified and predestinated. And now in the last days with every seed sowed, everything in order, the world's in its order, the time is shaped up, the church is in its order, the seed, the evening lights, the signs like he said, as it was in the days of Sodom. An angel of God, the Holy Spirit coming down, moving, performing the signs like he did in Malachi 4. Promised he would send in the last days. what he promised. And we see all of that right there. Where? Where? Congregation says, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm not just saying that. The prophet said it. Congregation said it. Do you love him? Amen. Sure. Right here in the last days, I predestinated a church that knows where they're standing. Sew with a seed, the Holy Spirit in the church. Satan, be careful. Why did he attack Abraham? Because he knew and watched Abraham's life. That pillar of fire had been circling around Abraham and making its way down there to his tent when it wasn't going down there to Lot. And Satan's been watching that lot. And he knew if he could ever stop Abraham and his righteous life. If he could stop that, if he could ever get a hold of him, you watch, he never attacked Lot's wife of barrenness because he knew there was something different about Abraham. But the day, Hallelujah. The day that that me that pillar fire, that Melzdc priesthood showed up to Abraham's tent. Hallelujah. What did it do? It gave Abraham a revelation to know that this is a time Then we're not waiting no longer. We're not holding back no longer. He began to tell Sarah, "Now's the time. Now's the time." Let me say, "The field might have been attacked for over 75 years, but the seed has been sown. And now we recognize that our bodies are in position to take a step. Christ was the first fruits of them that raised from the dead. And now we recognize that a seed has been put in position and a bride is in her authority. She knows who she is. Satan, be careful. We recognize that a Melazedc priesthood has stood in this generation and been waved over this congregation. What was it? Satan tried to stop the field. But when when that one brought that sheath before before the priest, he took it and he waved it before the high priest, it was a sign that this was the first one up. But there was more in the field. There was more in the field. They might have been going through attacks, but the sun was up. They may have been th going through to turmoil, but the sun was up. Satan, you can attack all you want to. You can try to hinder all you want to. Keep waving it. Keep holding on. There's one already up. What happened in this generation? There was one that was raised to believe. There was one. The son of man ministry was waved over this congregation in this generation to show there's more that's coming. Come on, somebody. We're not here to be more William Brandoms. We're not here to be like William Brandom. We're here to be like Christ. And that's what was waved in this generation. Yeah, it was Christ that was waved over top of the church to show that there was one that raised up, but there's more coming. I say we got more signs coming. We got more victories coming. We got more defeats to the devil coming. I say we got more prodals coming. I say we got more children coming. I say we got a rapture coming. I say we got a body change coming. The sun is up. It is the rising of the sun. What was it? Jacob got his change at the rising of the sun. When he was wrestling with the angel, it was at the rising of the sun. What was it on Easter morning? It was at the rising of the sun. Sister Laura, it was at the rising of the sun that we recognize there's one that's up before us. What was it, Joshua? begin to sound the alarm. It's time to take over Jericho at the rising of the sun. The sun is up. Whose report will you believe? Tamar, Rahab, Ruth, who you going to believe? Cuz I can tell you your past doesn't look very promising. Come on. Come on, Rahab. You know good and well. You know good and well your past says you're not going in. But there's somebody that has the ability to change the look of the field. Come on, music players. Come on. Come on, Ruth. You know, you look I was that was an announcement. We have music players coming. Come on, Ruth. You know, you know what your field looks right like right now. It looks like a moabitis, but you just hang on a little bit longer. Just hang on just a little bit longer cuz there's a Boaz that's going to change the field. Come on now. You know that you're getting ready to go from somebody that's just picking up handfuls on purpose to one that is second in command. Come on, Tamar. You might have to play the part of the harlot to get this seed, but God that is rich in mercy has given you a token to know that the field has been changed. I might look the same, but I'm not the same Andrew Spencer. Brother Aaron might look the same, but he's not the same Aragos will be. Brother Timothy might look the same, but he's not the same Timothy. Brother Derek might look the same, but he's not the same Derek. Brother David might look the same, but it's not the same David. Brother Limuel might look the same, but it's not the same line. Why? Somebody believed the report of the Lord. And I happen to believe. I don't care what the devil says. I believe God's report. I don't care what you're going to go through, believe God's report. No matter what Satan does against you, believe. [Applause] Is there anybody here that wants to say, "I believe the report of the Lord." You got to believe it. You got to accept it. Some of you might sit there and need a baptism of the Holy Ghost. You know you can get it right there where you're sitting at. You know that brother's got the power to lay his hands on you. That sister's got her hands that can lay her hands on you. She has the same ability by the pillar of fire that transfers between believers. They have the power to lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. I say anybody that here desires prayer this morning, want you raise your hand. Anybody here needing a fresh a refreshing of the Holy Ghost? My hands up, too. Anybody here need healing? I believe his report, but before something happens, you got to change your language. They was a bunch of cowards up there, but God changed their language on the day of Pentecost. They was cowards and they were scared. But God give them the boldness of the line of the tribe of Judah. And in your faith, you got to say, "I believe the report of the Lord." No matter circumstances I see, no matter the troubles I face, I believe the report of the Lord. Do you believe you have the Holy Ghost? Now lay your hands over on your brother. Lay your hands over on your sister. Father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. The name above all names. That name is the name of all the family of heaven and earth. Where all power in heaven is earth is named by the name of Jesus Christ. There is no other name where men should be saved but by the name of Jesus Christ. We recognize, Father, that in this place, the mighty angel has swed up today to prove his authority and power still exist in a bride body. I pray, Father, as these brothers and these sisters have their hands laid on one another, that there would be an uncction of the Holy Ghost flood through this building, flood through this life, flood through their bodies, and that there would be a testimony that would rise out of the mouth. I believe what God has said. I believe what God has done. I believe what God is doing right now. I accept my healing. I accept the refreshing of the Holy Ghost. I accept the furtherance of the kingdom of God. I accept healing in my shoulder. I accept a fresh anointing. I accept what you said about me, Lord Jesus. So, Father, as we step into our position as sons and daughters of Almighty God, we will stand forth and believe the report of the Lord. No matter the attack of the enemy, you have destined our field to be winners. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray that you'd give us an outpouring of the Holy Spirit. Father, we come here seeking, we come here seeking a refreshing, a renewing, a closer walk with you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we won't hold back our tongues from speaking out that your name is worthy. We won't hold back our praise from speaking out that you are great. So, Father, may you come down in the name of Jesus Christ and give liberty into this body. Give liberty into the body of Christ. Give liberty for her healing. Give liberty in the name of Jesus Christ. Somebody give the Lord praise. Somebody turn and give thanks to the Almighty God. [Applause] [Music] report. Will you believe we shall believe the report of the Lord? I said, "Who report will you believe?" We shall believe a report of the Lord. I said who report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. I said who report will you believe? Oh, we shall believe the report. I say whose report will you believe? We shall for his report says I am healed. His report says I am healed. His report says I am free. Whose report declares whose report will you believe? Oh, we shall believe the report of the Lord. I said, whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. For his report says I am healed. I am sealed. His report. I am [Music] free. Do you really believe that? Do you really believe the report of the Lord? Then look at your neighbor and tell them, "I'm healed. [Music] Come on, somebody. Do you really believe it? Then act like it. I'm healed. I'm free. I'm delivered. I got the Holy Ghost. I'm going in a rapture. I'm going to make it. I'm going to make it. I got the victory. I got the Holy Ghost. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Who's Don't believe the devil's report. Believe God. Come on, little bride. Rejoice in your [Music] liberties. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Satan, you don't have [Applause] [Music] enough. Right now, you're healed. Right now, you're parted. Right now, you're free. Right now, it's over. Now are we the sons of God? Not tomorrow in this church service. Come on man, sing that song. We shall believe the report of the Lord. Oh, will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. Whose report will you believe we shall believe the report of I said whose report will you believe we shall believe the report cuz this for his report says I said his re his rea. All right, when we sing it this time, we come to the end of that. I want you to shout out, "His report declares victory." I said, "Whose report will you believe?" We shall believe the report of the Lord. I said who report will you believe? We shall believe the report. Come on now. Whose report will you believe? Come on. For his report says I am healed. His report says I am sealed. His report says I am free. Come on. Whose report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. I said who report will you believe? We shall believe the report of the Lord. I said who report will you believe the Lord for his report say I am he is real. I [Music] said is report. Go ahead and praise God. Give him a hand clap of praise. I'm here to prove that the devil's liar. I'm here to prove the message is right. Let God be praised in this place. God bless [Music] [Applause] you. Tell me who's will you believe. [Applause] Tell me whose report will you believe? Oh, the report of the Lord. Whose report? Oh, we shall believe the report of his report. His report. I am here. report says I have seen. His report says I am free. His report says [Music] victory. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, let me ask you. Let me ask you. What kind of shout will you let out when your son comes back? When your daughter comes back, what kind of shout will you let out when your body comes to fulfillment of the healing and the deliverance you've been desiring? What kind of shout? Well, you don't have to wait till then. It's already [Applause] done. Hallelujah. Oh, it's already done. [Applause] [Music] Amen. If you believe it's already done, well, how many can say, "Praise God." Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, just go ahead and praise him. You're in the right spot. [Music] Hallelujah. It's already done. It's already finished. It's already The price has already been paid. [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's just say there is power, power, wonder working power. Oh, in the blood. Oh, the lamb. Oh, power. Wonder working power. [Music] Oh, there is power. There is [Music] power. Oh, I'm the [Music] lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. We're not We're not singing about a power that can power this building. We're not singing about nuclear power. We're singing about a power and a blood that'll heal every person that'll save the lost. Hallelujah. There's enough power for you this morning. If you need it, there's power for you this morning. If you need healing power, there's healing power. If you need saving power there, if you need Holy Ghost filling power, there's power in this blood. Amen. We're talking about the blood that'll never This building may lose power. Their nuclear power will go out one day, but this blood will never. Somebody say it. Never. Never lose its power. There is power. Power. Wonder working power in the [Music] blood. There is power, wonder working power in the preious blood. Oh yes, there is power in the blood of the lamb. There is [Music] power. Oh, there is power. There is power. [Music] There is [Applause] power in the precious blood. One more time. There is power. There is power. Oh, in the [Music] blood working power in the precious blood of the lamb. And it reaches to the highest [Applause] mountain and it flows. the lowest [Music] valley and the blood. [Music] Oh my. Oh, today it will never lose. Oh, it Oh, it [Applause] reaches and it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows. Oh yes, Lord. The lowest [Music] valley from day to day. [Music] I said it'll never lose it. One more time. It reaches. And it reaches the highest [Music] mountain and it flows through the lowest valley and the blood from day will Never lose his power. Our God reigns. Our God. Oh our God. Praise. Our God reign. Oh our God rain. Oh our God praise. Oh our God praise. Our God. Oh, he's [Music] alive. Yes, he's [Music] alive. Oh, he's alive. Oh, he's alive. Yes, he is. Oh, he's alive. Oh, he's alive. He's [Music] alive. He's alive. Oh, he's alive. Brother Phil, come help me now. Oh, he's alive. Our God reigns. Oh our [Music] God. Our God great. Oh our God reigns. Our God reign. [Music] Amen. Let's just sing this together. How many believes you was made for more? And I know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. [Music] The cross of salvation was only start. And now I am chosen. I'm free and forgive. [Music] I have a future and it's worth living cuz I wasn't made to be tended in a grave. I was called by name. I was born and raised back to life again. and I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I and I was made for more. [Music] Cuz I know who I am. There we go. And I know who you are. Oh, the cross of salvation was only a star. I'm chosen and now I'm chosen. I'm free and forgive. I have a future and I have a future and it's worth a living. Oh, cuz I was amazed to be in grace. I was called by name, born and raised back to life. I was faithful. [Music] So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more and [Music] hallelujah. You called out my name so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. You buried my past. You buried my past. I'm not going back. [Music] Hallelujah. And you call out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu Hallelujah. And you buried my path, so I'm not going back. Cuz I wasn't made to be tinned in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. [Music] Hallelujah. And you call out my name. And I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Hallelu. And you buried my path. I'm not going back. [Music] Hallelu. You called out my name. I'll sing out your praise. [Music] Hallelujah. You buried my path. I'm not going back cuz I wasn't made to be tend in a grave. I was called by and I was born and raised back to life again. And I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. [Music] bed in my shame. When a fountain of grace was running my way, I know I am yours and I was made for [Music] more. And he said that I I could still go free. [Music] Oh, tell me what kind of a man would reach down his hand and do this for me. For you and me. I was so unworthy to live and I was not fear to kill. Oh, but the man on the cross, he had my name in his will and he said that I I could still go free. [Music] And you can lock me up in a prison. And you can throw throw away the key. [Music] You can take away my vision from these eyes that now can see. And you can deprive me of all the food that I need. You can even b my hand and my feet. But as long as long as I I know Jesus, then I I can still go free. Oh, he said that I I could still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of a man would want to reach down his hand. Oh, and do this for me. for you and me. So unworthy to live and I was not fit to kill. Oh, but the man on the cross, he had in his will, he said that I will still go free. He said that I Oh, he said I I could still go [Music] free. Tell me what kind of a man [Music] and so unworthy to live and not fair to kill. Oh, but the man on the cross had my name in his will. He said that I would still go free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I'm expecting anticipating anticipating a move of God. A move of God. [Music] And I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. Say, I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. A move of God. I'm expecting anticipating a move. [Music] And you provide the fire and I'll provide the sacrifice. You pour out your [Applause] spirit and I will open up inside. Fill me up, God. Fill me up, God. Fill me up. And you provide the [Music] fire. Oh, I'll provide the [Music] sacrifice. You pour out your spirit. [Music] And I will open up [Music] inside. Oh, you provide the fire and I'll provide the [Music] sacrifice. You provide the spirit. I will open up inside. Fill me up, God. Fill me up, God. Fill me up. Oh, fill me up, God. Fill me up, God. Fill me up. Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain and I can't control. I want more of you, God. I want more of you, God. Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain and I can't control. I want more of you, God. I want more. Say, set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain and I can't control. I want more of you, God. Oh, I say set a fire. Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain. Oh, I want more of you, God. And I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. The battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. The battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Cuz I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. a move of [Music] God. And I'm expecting anticipating a move. Oh, I'm expecting I'm anticipating a move around a move. Oh Lord, I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. A move of God. Hallelujah. Amen. How many enjoyed the word today? Everything that God spoke. Say amen. We believe it. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you as you're dismissed this morning. Amen. and may just go in the fear of the Lord and come back again at the appointed time and just come back again believing expecting for a move of God. Amen. The name of the Lord is a strong tire righteous run. They are saying the name of the Lord is a strong power. Righteous run into it. They are saved. Oh the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run to it. They all [Music] say they could walk in a strong time righteous running to him and they are [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
