################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - Faith to Commit - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on June 4, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-04
Title:    Faith to Commit - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on June 4, 2025
Speaker:  Timothy Pruitt
Church:   Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xsP3LwwZzc
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] What do I do? [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus, son of God. The maker of heaven [Music] crucified. Oh, worthy is the [Music] lamb. Yes, worthy is the lamb. Oh, thank you for the cross, Lord. Oh, thank you for the price you paid. carrying all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Oh, thank you for this love, Lord. And thank you for the name. Oh, pierced hands and wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness and [Applause] embrace. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, seated on the [Music] throne. And we crown you now with many crowns. You reign [Music] victorious and you are high and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God. Oh the maker of heaven, [Music] crucified. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Yes, worthy is the lamb. Oh, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. Oh, see it again. I know he lives. I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer. He lives. Oh, testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my Oh, let's sing that one more time. I know he lives. I know my redeemer lives. Oh, I know my redeemer. [Music] Oh, he [Music] lives. Testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. Lost or [Music] save find their way at the sand. Your great name [Music] all feel no shame at the [Music] sound of your great name and everything it has no place. At the sound of your great name, the [Music] enemy he has to leave. Oh, at the sound of your great name. And Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Son of God and man, you are high and lifted up. Oh, all the world will praise your great name. Amen. Let's all stand and sing it now. Lost the same will find their way at the sound. your great [Music] name. They feel no shame at the sound of your your great name. In everything it has no place at the sound. Oh yes of your great name and the enemy he has to leave at the sound of your great name and Jesus. Oh worthy is the lamb. that was slave for us. Oh son of God and man, you are high and lifted up and all the world will sing your great name. All the weak find their strength. All the we find their strength. Oh, at the sound of your great name souls. They receive grace at the [Laughter] sound of your great name. And the fatherless they find their rest. Oh, at the sound of your great day and the sick are healed. The dead are raised. Oh, at the sound. Oh, can you just praise him for a moment? your great name. And Jesus, oh worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Oh son of God and man, you are high and lifted up and all the world will praise your great name. [Music] Oh redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty, my savior, defender. For you are my king, redeemer, my healer, Lord Almighty, my savior, defender, you are my [Music] king and Jesus worthy. [Music] Oh, for [Music] us your high [Music] lift and the angels cry. [Music] Holy all [Music] cre forever. Oh yes Lord hear your people sing holy to the king of kings holy. You will [Music] be oh holy forever. Oh, see again the angels cry. Oh, and the angels cry. Oh, all creation cries. Holy. You are lifted high. Oh, holy, holy [Music] forever. And hear your people sing. Oh yes, Lord. To the King of [Music] Kings. Oh, you will always be [Music] Holy, [Music] holy, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have a praise report from brother Jason Tagert. He said his mother, Sister Laura Tagert, called. She's been having some health issues. They did a scope on her to see if they if she may have some cancer. She'd been up for prayer in church for healing and when they did the scope, they didn't find anything and he wanted to praise the Lord for that. Amen. Well, thank the Lord for his grace and his mercy. Also, Sister Sharon Baxter had a surgery today to break up some kidney stones and things went well with that, but she's recovering. I want to pray that the Lord will just touch her body as she continues to recover from that procedure. Also, Brother Ben Coleman is continuing to need a touch in his body as he recovers. Remember him in prayer tonight. Sister Gabriel Puit requested prayer for her mother. She fell and broke several bones. She has surgery planned for tomorrow. So, we want to remember that need in prayer tonight. Also, brother Derek asked if we can keep him and sister Debbie in prayer as they uh fly to Washington to deal with a family needs there. So, pray for wisdom and discernment and the Lord would lead and guide them as they travel and deal with that. There's a number of other needs I'm sure represented here tonight. Amen. Let's just all bind together. If you have a need on your heart, you just want to lift up to the Lord tonight. Just tell him how great he is and how wonderful. Amen. I believe that the sick are healed and the dead are raised at the sound of his name. Amen. Let's go to him together in prayer. Father, Lord, we thank you that we can come together, Lord, and bring our needs to you, [Music] Father. Lord, you would just simply tell us to ask and it shall be given. Seek, Lord, you see the needs that are on the heart. Some that are very pressing, Lord. Lord, some that have been seeking answers maybe for days or months or even years, Lord, looking for direction. But Lord, I pray that you'll come down, Lord. Move amongst each pew tonight. Give the answer, Lord, that those are seeking for, Lord. Give the healing that those Lord that are lifting up their hands to you and asking for. Lord, some that have just recently hurt, Lord. This one of Sister Gabriel Puit, her mother that hurt, fell and hurt her bones, Lord. Lord, I pray you'll touch her. But Lord, there's others that are dealing with hurt deep down inside, Lord. Physical, spiritual, family hurts, Lord. You see what those are. I pray you'll move on this congregation. Lord, touch each one. Father, you know my needs, Lord. You know the needs of the musicians up here, Lord. The needs of, Lord, each one in the pews in the congregation, Lord. Lord, we lift our hands to you where our help comes from. Lord, we give ourselves to you, Lord. We give our worship to you, Lord. Lord, we want this tabernacle to be a sweet smelling savor to you, Lord. that you would just move in, Lord, and dwell amongst us, Lord. Lord, that you would feel welcome to come in, Lord, and s with us, Lord. Lord, I pray that you'll touch each heart, Father. Touch those that are streaming, unable to be here tonight. What? Whatever the situation would be, Lord, I pray you'll go to them, Lord. Those that are shut in, Lord, feeble, weaken body, those that are traveling. Lord, you see the broken, Lord. Lord, you see the wearied. Lord, I just am reminded of the word, Lord, that my mother and my father forsake me, the Lord will take me up, Lord. And if there's someone tonight that feels forsaken, I pray that they'll feel your arms just come and wrap around them tonight, Lord. Show your love. May the peace of God just come upon this congregation, Lord, upon each need that was spoken, Lord, and the many unspoken, Lord. Anoint this place with your presence. We pray be with brother Timothy as he prayers prepares to minister, Lord. Lord, the gift you placed in his life, Lord. I pray that you'll use it in a supernatural way tonight. Be with the tithes and the offering. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How great is my God. Sing with me. How great is my God. And all we'll see how great, how great is my God. Oh, how great. Sing how great is our God. The brothers could take up the offering. Sing how great is our God. Oh. Oh. We'll see how great. Oh, how great. We'll say it again. How great is our God and how great is our God. Sing with me. How great. [Music] Oh, and all will see how great, oh, how great is our God. He's the name above all [Applause] name. Oh, he's the name. Oh yes, Lord. Oh, and worthy of all praise. In my heart will sing our praise. Oh, is our God. Say it again. The name above and he the name above all name. Oh [Music] worthy. Oh my heart will [Music] sing. How great is oh sing how great is our God. How [Music] great is our God. [Music] Oh, how great is this all see how great how [Music] great our God. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. You, oh Lord, are the strong and mighty tower, the ever present. In my darkest hour, you're my hiding place. You're the ancient of days. You're the rock on which I'm standing. You are worthy of my praise. Oh, blessed be and bless. Oh, blessed be your name. Blessed be. Oh, [Music] bless. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, blessed be. Blessed be. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be. Oh, blessed be and blessed be. Oh, let your people and let your people proclaim. You are holy and you are holy God and we lift up your name and give glory. Oh. Oh. Let your people proclaim and let your people proclaim. You are holy. And you are holy God. We lift up your name and give glory. Glory. Blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Yes. Blessed be. Blessed be your name. Blessed beless. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Sister Haley, would you come sing for us? Amen. Didn't realize she was going to be here tonight listening to this song that she sang a few years ago. Amen. Just wanted her to sing it for us again tonight. Do you believe he's broken your chains? Amen. [Music] No more restange. I now walk in freedom and this is the exchange. Chaosace [Music] pity. I know I'm no victim when I'm lifting up your name. Look now, our chains are on the floor. Look up. We're not hindered anymore. Look around. He's already won the war. Look up. Look [Music] up. Fear is defeated. No hold on me. I live in the power of my Savior's victory. So look now, our chains are on the floor. Look up. We're not hindered anymore. Look around. He's already won the war. Look up. Look up. Look down. Our chains are on the floor. Look up. We're not hindered anymore. Look around. He's already won the war. Look up. Look up. Freedom is contagious. Come and join us in his praise. Bless the name of Jesus. It's for freedom. We are saved. Freedom is contagious. Come and join us in his praise. Bless the name of Jesus. It's for freedom. We are saved. Freedom is contagious. Come and join us in his praise. Let the name of Jesus. It's for freedom. We are saved. Freedom is contagious. Come and join us in his praise. Bless the name of Jesus. It's for freedom. We are safe. Look down. Our chains are on the floor. Look up. We're not hindered anymore. Look around. He's already won the war. Look up. Look up. Look down. Our chains are on the floor. Look up. We're not hindered anymore. Look around. He's already won the war. Look up. Look up. [Music] the ground. He's already won the war. Look up. Look up. Look up. Hallelujah. Amen. He's already won the war. Amen. Let's all stand together. Amen. And every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise. Oh, every praisees to sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to all. Oh, glory hallelujah. Amen. Could you give him praise tonight? Amen. You can look down and see your chains on the floor tonight. Oh, just give him praise. Sing hallelujah. Oh, sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, and glory hallelujah is to all. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior. Oh God my [Applause] savior and God my healer. Oh God my deliverer. Oh yes he is. And yes he God my savior and God my [Applause] savior. Oh God my healer and God my [Applause] deliverer. Oh yes he is. Say yes he is. Every praise. Every praise is to our God and every word of worship in one of every praise. Every praise oh is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Oh, sing hallelujah to our God in glory. Hallelujah is to our Oh, every praise, every praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior. God my savior. [Music] God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Is he your savior tonight? Is he your healer tonight and your provider? Everything that you have need of. Let's just go to him in prayer. Lord, we just come to you once again, Lord. Submitting our hearts to you, our ways to you, Father. Just giving ourselves to you once again, Lord, for you to have rulership and leadership in our thoughts and mind. what we would have to say tonight. Lord, we we don't want our own thinking, but Lord, we want you, Lord. We just ask God, you'd come and move and touch hearts and lives. We pray by the word. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And you turn to First Peter 4. Verse 12. It's always good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. 1 Peter 4 verse 12 it says, "Beloved, think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you as though some strange thing happened unto you. But rejoice in as much as you are partakers of Christ's suffering, that when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy. If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are you. For the spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you, and on their part, he is evil spoken of, but on your part he is glorified. But let none of you suffer as a murderer or as a thief or as an evildoer, as a busy body in other men's matters. Yet if any man suffer as a Christian, let him not be ashamed. But let him glorify God on this behalf. For the time has come that judgments m must begin at the house of God. And if it first begin at us, what shall the end be of them that obey not the gospel of God? And if the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and the sinner appear? Wherefore let them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in welloing as unto a faithful creator. Amen. We let you be seated. Something has been on my heart for a little while like to speak to you this Eden on faith to commit. Amen. I I'd like to look at again this this last verse. It says, "Wherefore letting them that suffer according to the will of God commit the keeping of their souls to him in welloing as unto a faithful creator." How many is thankful he's faithful? that you might be going through something tonight and situations and and things that that that sometimes may surprise you in in life and not expecting it to happen or not expecting it to go quite the way that it's went. But amen, we we must realize that we we're we're we're walking in the will of God and God is has his has his hand upon our lives. I also want to look at this a little further on this word commit. Also find it in Proverbs 16 and verse 13. It says, "Commit thy works unto the Lord and thy thoughts shall be established." Now, if you look at this word commit, it means to a release of something. Amen. Releasing it by letting it roll from you onto something else. A release as in taking your burdens to the Lord and leaving them there. Amen. The only way you can get relief from your burden is to leave them in God's hands. Amen. If you continually put bring them back and you continually worry about them or you continually look at them or you continually dwell upon them, amen, you're under the weight of that burden. But unless unless you can take that burden, that burden that maybe has crushed your spirit or or it's a burden that you've tried to work out on your own and you've gotten it all tangled up. If you'll let him take it, if you'll let him put it in order. If you'll, Amen. Commit it to him and trust him. Amen. With all your heart. Proverbs 16:3, I read it in a different a different translation. It says, "Roll your works or your ways upon the Lord or commit and trust them holy to him, and he will cause your thoughts to become agreeable to his will." Come on now. That's very important because Amen. It's very important that our mind or our thoughts become agreeable to what he has or what he desires. Amen. This is where Peter would say, "Think it not strange." In other words, don't have these thoughts that this is a strange thing that you're going through this trial or you're going through this situation because this is according to the will of God. And if he's a faithful creator and he's allowed you to go through this or he's allowed you to walk in this certain path whether it be whatever that you're facing sickness or situations of your life if God has allowed it God has a way through it. God has a answer. Amen. And we we must be willing to to look at our own thoughts and our own thinking and submit it to the will of God. Amen. that in pro in Psalms 55 and verse 22 it says cast your burden on the Lord or release the weight of it. Release the weight of it by allowing yourself to bring it allowing it to roll off of you onto other something else and he will sustain you. He will sustain you. He will never allow the righteous to be moved or made to slip or to fall or to fail. Hallelujah. That's something worth shouting about right there. Amen. He will sustain you and he will not let you fall. He will not let you fail if you will release your burden upon the Lord. And and it's more than just talking to the Lord about it. It's more than just praying to the Lord about it. It's more than that. It's actually allowing that weight, amen, to be transferred off of you onto him. Amen. He's more than able to bear it. Amen. He's more than able to carry the need. Brother Brandon would talk about this. He'd said, "The most powerful weapon that God can put in the hand of man is committal." It's committal. Amen. And the confession, it'll do it every time you believe it and you accept it upon the bases and believe it and stay with it. Confess it. He said, "We know when a lot of people look at symptoms, they always go around and say, "Well, I I don't feel any better." That doesn't have one thing to do with it because it's not what you feel, it's what you believe. Amen. If if he he said, "If there's any man that had a good case of symptoms, it was Jonah. He was backslid. His hands were tied behind him and he was in a sea and swallowed up by a fish in the belly of a fish and down in the bottom of the sea and and a man knows that a fish, you know, when he feeds, he goes to the bottom and and he's sitting there on the bottom and it looks impossible and it looks uh like it's no way out." And you know what? What Jonah had to do? He had to align his thoughts with the will of God. Amen. because his thoughts got him in the play in that belly of the whale. His thoughts got him there. God told him, "You're to go to down to Nineveh." And he thought, "No, I'm going to go over this way. I'm going to go to Tarses. I I got a different path. I got a different way or I got a way of figuring it out on my own. And I got a way God this is really how God wanted to be." And so, he finds himself in the wrong direction, but God knows how to get you back in his will. Sometimes it's going to hurt. Sometimes there's going to be a lot of stuff you go through, but God knows exactly how to get you back in his will and in the place that he desires for you to be in. And so he finds himself in the belly of this well and and he and he comes to this place. I have to commit now my situation to God because I can't get myself out of here. I can't pray myself out of here as far as my own in my own abilities or anyway. I have to I can't do that. I can't I can't do anything on my own. And so he what did he do? He said, "I'm going to turn my eyes, Amen, towards the temple of God." And he maybe he didn't even know which way it was. So by faith, he committed his situation to God. He said, "God, I I've done wrong. I've found myself in this situation and and I've come to this place and and I'm I'm just going to commit it to you." And and when he committed his will and his way to God, and then God brought him to where he wanted him to be. And so that's exactly how it is with us. He said, "If God did it for Jonah under those circumstances, if he could believe God under those circumstances, how much more you and I ought to believe God tonight that no matter what we're going through, maybe we made mistakes. Maybe it's because we what we've done, we're in the condition or the situation, maybe it's not what we've done, but maybe it's just we find oursel in this place and sometimes it's a crushing thing. Sometimes it's so weighing upon our hearts and our lives. But God knows exactly how to get you where he wants you to be. Because God's eyes is not just upon this temporary flesh or this temporary world or this temporary things that we're living in. His eye and his goal is something more than what you saw today or what you'll see tomorrow. His goal is eternity. So he's going to do whatever he's got to do to get you there. Amen. But we go to reason and we go to wonder and we go to and it builds burdens and it builds weight upon our soul and upon our heart and you know you we you can't reason it out. Sometimes God's ways are so hard to the human mind to comprehend. You might just think it's ridiculous. But faith is also ridiculous to a carnal mind. It's crazy to anything to accept God and the one who has the faith. Amen. But God by fa But you by faith can believe things that your eye or your mind does not declare. Amen. You cannot see it, but it's because you believe it. Sure. But reasoning comes and it comes against the word and it comes against the anointing and it comes against the power and it comes against your faith and it gets in your mind to try to muddle it up and try to think about this and why this why ain't this turned out this way and why ain't why ain't I already received my healing or why ain't I already received the promise or why hasn't my child already returned back why hasn't and it begins to become a crushing weight and a crushing ing burden. The only way to get rid of it is to turn your faith back to what God said. God is able to perform what he says. That settles it. He is a faithful creator. Amen. So, he's he's able. Don't don't try, well, now, you know, well, how could this be? We're, you know, we're living in a modern time and we we ought to have this and that and keep that out of your mind. Don't even take another thought. Just take God at his word. You might ha have you might make the decision right now that what God says God can keep. It's not my business to figure out how he's going to do it. If God said it, God's going to keep it. Amen. I don't have to figure it out because if I do that, I'm working in my own intellectual realms. Come on, somebody. How much trouble have we got ourselves in working in our own intellectual realms? in our own intellectual thoughts and our own intellectual abilities and we try to figure this out and we try to do this and we try to do that and meanwhile God is saying look if you'll just roll that over on me I've already got the answer for it and you don't have to be under that crushing weight or that crushing burden of that because God's able to perform what he said. This is what Eleaser found. He found when he was sent to go find a Rebecca, you know, he he was under this burden like, okay, I've been sent to find this the right woman for Isaac. That's quite a burden, right? To find to try to put two people together, that's a burden. And so he he's trying to figure it out. And he said, I got to find this right right lady for Rebecca. And so he begins to pray and he he commits it to God. He said, "God, I'm going to say it. I'm going to ask you that that that she not only gives me a drink, but she also waters my camels." And he just committed to God, and that'll be the one that you have chosen. I can't make this choice. I can't do this on my own. I can't in my own mind pick the right one. I I can't. If I do, I'm going to pick the wrong one. No doubt. Amen. We saw when men picked, they picked the wrong king. They picked Saul, right? Because he was head and shoulders above everybody else. He was the biggest, tallest, baddest, whatever kind good, most good-looking, whatever he was. It's something stood out to him in front of other men. But that ain't who God picked. God picked somebody that nobody else picked. Matter of fact, his own brothers didn't pick him. His own daddy didn't pick him. Nobody in his family thought surely this is the one. No, they just left him out there tending sheep when Samuel came to anoint somebody. And he goes down all the sons. He said, "Do you not have anybody else?" He said, "Yeah, well, I got one more." And you know, but it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't who God who they thought God would want cuz he was just a little humble shepherd boy and this but see God's way beyond our thinking. Amen. So, you know why, you know, if if God is so far above our thinking, why would we trade what God said for what somebody thinks? Come on, somebody. Amen. A lot of people get under burdens of what somebody thinks about them or what somebody thinks about their situation or what somebody thinks, how they are, how they look or how they act or or how they sing or whatever. All kind of burdens get put upon them in this complexes because they're under what somebody thinks. Listen, I'm not under what somebody thinks. I want to be under what God said. Cuz the one that is thinking that, they ain't the one that they ain't the one that called you. They ain't the one that elected you. They ain't the one that bled for you. They ain't the one that died for you. They're not the one that rose again for you. I'll take what he said about me. Amen. So he comes to this place. Let it be your choice, Lord. I'm committing it to you. I I cannot make this choice. He said, ' If we could only learn to be a trusted servant of God like that, we could commit things to God. It's the most powerful thing I know of. Committ Commit thy ways unto the Lord. Commit your thinking to him. If you're sick and the doctors can't help you no more, just commit your case to God and act like it's already done. Something will have to take place cuz he is a faithful creator. Hallelujah. Amen. The word of God is a seed though and the seed is planted in the ground and that seed has to be watered. It has to be watered and it springs forth into life. And I I love I have to go back to to Eleazar as he went to Isaac or went to find a bride for Isaac. Here's here Rebecca come to the well and she said and he and he asked for a drink and she said, "I'll not only just give you a drink, I'll water your camels also." Listen, that was a lot of water. That wasn't just a little cup full out of the out of the water water fountain out there. That was barrels and buckets of water. Camels drink a lot. Amen. She had to make a committ. She had to commit herself to to to this and something moved on her to make this commitment back to God. And God and and Elijah recognized that was her that is the bride for Isaac. And brother Ron breaks right into that and it's so beautiful if you study it. He said, "What was she doing? She was actually watering the beast that was going to take her back to her Isaac. And he said, "What do you do with your praises and and water of thanksgiving and and when you're in a trial and and you're in a test and you're in a situation, but you just continue to water the word of God and you continue to water the seed of God and you continue to water it day and night and day and night, it will bring forth a harvest." Amen. What you don't realize, you're watering the very thing that's going to take you back to your Isaac. But this is why Satan wants to keep us under a burden cuz he wants to keep our arms full so we can't keep our arms up. Come on now. Amen. You know what I'm saying? You got burdens you're you're carrying and you're you're carrying them from one day to the next day and the next day to the next day and the next service to the next service, the next service and it keeps you down and depressed and worried about this or worried about that. How's this going to work out? How's that going to happen? And before you know it, you done been through five weeks of services and hadn't got nothing from God because of the burden Satan has allowed to be placed there or you have allowed actually to lay there in your life. Come on, somebody. Because we don't trust him enough to know he has the answer. That he has the ability. He can move. He can move when there seems to be no way of moving. Amen. Every He said, "Every apple that's in a tree is in the tree when it's a sprig." No more than that. You know, I get I get amazed. walk out into my yard, there's a little tree that I planted and now it's getting to be a big tree showing me my age. But I remember there's a big magnolia tree in my front yard now that I remember that when my dad planted it was only a twig. It looked like it looked like it'll never amount to nothing. Just about that tall. But you know what he did? He committed it to the ground. And now I didn't notice and I didn't never see him go out every day pull it out to see if it growed any or to see if the roots are bigger. He didn't do that. He committed it to the ground. He put it in the ground believing the ground was there, the nutrients and the atmosphere would be there, the sun, and he would bring water and he would just water that or he'd bring fertilize and he would fertilize around. And now today that thing is as tall nearly as this building if not taller. way out. Beautiful magnolia tree. It's got leaves and and flowers on it. It It's got wonderful shade and but everything that tree ever had was in that little twig. But it just needed somebody to have faith in it. Amen. That to have faith that the ground would have what it would have need of and the water would supply the need of the thirst and the fertilized would give the lack. Hey, make up for the lack. And it would have somebody that had faith that this thing's going to be a big tree. It didn't look like a big tree. It looked like it would never be anything. But today we look at it and today we want and wonder at the big old beautiful magnolia flowers and the smell it gives off and the big beautiful leaves not realizing one day it was just a twig. Come on. This is what we got to do with the word of God. You plant a the word of God is a seed. He tell that's what he said. The sewer went forth to sew a seed and the and the fulfillment or the uh um think of the trying to think of the word. But when he when he came and he made the parable plain sometimes your bra your brain just don't work. Sorry. Made the parable plain to him. He said the seed is the word of God. And he and he showed there that that that seed has everything that it'll ever have on the inside of it if it's left in the right place. It will not grow in your worry. It will not produce one fruit in your fredding and you're digging it up and wondering if it's going to happen or how it's going to be and you're worried about this and you're wor it's not going to grow one bit. But if you can leave it in the right place in the bed of faith, that faith will grab a hold of it and it'll start putting out roots and it'll start putting out limbs. It'll start putting out leaves and it'll start putting out fruit. Come on, somebody. Amen. This is why we can't get we can't get disheartened about people sometimes. Sometime we don't see growth right away and we wonder, man, are they really a Christian? Look. Amen. Leave them in that place. If they stay in that atmosphere, if there's a seed on the inside of them, it will come to life. It will grow. Blooms and and and limbs and stuff don't don't just come out of thin air. They come out of the ground. But the bloom is already in the tree. The apple, if it's apple tree, is already in the tree. It's already in the seed. The tree planted in the ground, the only thing he has to do is drink. And when it goes to drinking, it has to drink more than this portion. Come on, somebody. Drink more than this portion so it can spread out. It can push out. That's the way we're planted in Christ Jesus through an inexhaustible fountain of life. We start drinking and the more we drink, the more we can push out. Amen. Amen. That's the gift that God has called you to. Amen. The trouble it is you don't drink. You got to drink. You don't believe is inexhaustible. You don't maybe believe he's a faithful creator, but if you'll keep drinking, you'll keep pouring in the wool and and the wine we heard about Sunday and eating of the bread of life, amen, it will bring forth fruit. It will bring healing out of your body. It will bring amen peace in your mind. The devil don't care how much you come as long as you don't drink, right? He could care less. He comes to church every time, too. But he don't drink. You know, we've we've used this analogy before, but you know, when we had goats, you couldn't make them drink nothing or any animal for that matter. Even just goats. Can't make them do nothing. I mean, if you see them, they're sick and you see they have a need or a situation. And my my my my dad, brother Tim, was one of the best in in our area with goats and because he raised them for so long, knew so much about them, even vets would call him up and get get advice from him. And here here he would see some he was very good at it. He would check their eyelids or he would check different parts of their body, their hair, and different things to see if they had parasites. And he said, "That one, Timothy, that one needs worming. And then you need to give them this much of this and that much of that." And I'd go in there and I'd draw it up and I'd come out there and I'd grab that goat by the by the neck and I'd hold it. They didn't want that stuff I about to give them. But it was good for them. And I'd poke it down their throat and I'd push it in. They didn't have a choice. Oh, they might have ran around a minute, but I was going to catch them sooner or later. Amen. And so we'd catch them. would grab them, put it down their throat, and a few days later, you'd see their their skin start showing a better color and their hair being better and their eyelids not being pale, but back to pink again. And the destroyed that medicine went and destroyed the parasites within their body. Amen. They didn't have a choice. They they didn't have a choice. That's the difference between an animal and you. Amen. We can bring the water. We can bring the food. We can bring the nutrients. We We can bring those things. The service after service, the tapes have them. Amen. You can have them. But if you don't eat and you don't drink, you won't receive the benefits. There's a fountain open flowing freely. Just drink till you just can't drink no more. Hallelujah. Fill my cup, Lord. Be drinking from the saucer because your cup's overflowing. Amen. There's a fountain open. It ain't a little trickle. It's a fountain. Just drink till you can't drink no more. Drink more than what is your allotment. Amen. He said that's what's the matter with Christians. They don't drink enough. Well, if you took that little clip, you could cause a lot of problems, couldn't you? They don't drink enough. But you want to drink till you just spread out and you let somebody else see what you got. Amen. You push out. You get a testimony. You commit it to God. You believe it. You step out on it. You claim God's promise. You commit it to God. Commit thy ways to the Lord and he will bring it to pass. Whatever you want. But he can't do it as long as you're holding it. Hello. He can't do it as long as you holding it. Saying, "Now, I I I'll just see if I'm any better. I'll see if this will work." No. You commit it to him and forget about the rest of it. It's not what you see, it's what you believe. So, when you sew a seed, you don't dig it up every morning. How many's ever done that? No. You don't dig it up every morning and see if it if it's come to life. No. If you did did, that seed will never come up. You got to plant it and commit it to the earth and leave it alone. It's up to nature, God, to water it and to see that it produces what it's supposed to. That's what you do with the word of God. accept it in a good heart, fertilized, and all the creepers, all the rocky places, all the stony doubts taken away in a good rich soil of faith, and you believe it, and you commit it to God, you walk away, and you testify that you have received what God has promised you. Amen. And he is the high priest of your confession to make anything right that you confess that he's already done. That's the gospel. So what are we scared about? We should just believe. And then the master because the master said all things work together for the good. Nothing can harm us. Hello. Death is only a a a a vehicle to get you into the other realms. Nothing can harm us. Just as peaceful we ought to be. He said, "Just as peaceful as little children playing around." Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Not all our spirits all tore up and worried and threatened. It's easy to do, right? We're humans. But we got to be reminded by the word. That's not what he created us to be. Amen. He didn't create you to be a warrior. He created you to be an overcomer. He didn't create you to be a doubter. He created you to be somebody that believes. He said, "I I used to have to shift for myself. I assume that means fight for myself or stand for myself. But since I found him to be my father or try to make a way for myself, he does that for me. I found out in this my 21 years of experience of preaching the gospel, any job that's too big for my Lord to handle, what's the use of me trying?" Hello, somebody. Amen. If it's too big for him, it's too big for you. But I can promise it might be too big for you, but it's never too big for him. Amen. Amen. He's more than able. I just committed to him cuz he said he would do it. And if he can't do it, I know there's no need of me trying it. So if we just live peacefully and go on, he will bring it out. All right. So there's no need of getting fredded up or stewing about it. He's going to make it all all right. Hallelujah. He might not do it on this side, but I can promise you one day it's all going to be made be right. I love that. You can go look it up in the Mother's Day message where he's speaking. He said, "One day those majestic hands will come down and untangle all those knots that have been formed in our minds." Hallelujah. Jesus said, "Every word of God's a seed." Every time you see see this Bible say anything, it's a seed. We're sowed with the incorruptible seed of God. And if a man will take any divine promise of God in his heart and water it with faith, it'll produce exactly what it said it would do. Don't care what it is. Just take God's promise. If you plant the seed and you go over it every morning, dig it up and see if it's growing. It won't grow. Never will. Commit it to God and leave it there. He said, "Of course, I'm just showing you the it's all all through the message if you look at it on committed to God. Your first duty when you get sick, of course, is go to your doctor." Well, that kind of stunned some of us, didn't it? He does all he can do. When he does all of he can't do no more, you have a right to go to the great specialist. We're not against doctors. I have many precious doctors friends that are my buddies, fine men, but who believe in God. I pray for them and they pray for me. That's right. We get a patient and they can't do nothing with. Many times doctors, of course, I hold I hold back their name. Many they're not filled with the Holy Ghost and things, but they're they're good men. They say, "Well, Brother Brown, there's nothing I can do with this case. If you'll just take it." I say, "Send it over. I can't do it, but Jesus can." I'll commit it to him and let him do it. That's fine. I I I know and and it gets in the message ranks that that, you know, we shouldn't we shouldn't go to doctors. We don't believe in doctors. That's not in the message. Amen. You can find it all through the message. Brother Brandham even had a had a vision about somebody telling them to go to a doctor and he had a certain treatment for them and they would get well. Come on, somebody. Amen. But it's not denying your faith to go to a doctor because we know doctors cannot heal. They can assist. They can do things to assist. It's like setting a bone. They can set it, but they can't heal it. It's God that does the healing. And so you can look at this thought on committing even with a broken arm. What would happen to a broken arm if you took your cast off every day to see if it's healed yet? Has there anybody ever thought about doing? No, you leave it committed. You believe a doctor's word, he'll take it off in a few weeks or whatever it is. And you just leave it there and you walk around with it, get people to sign it, whatever. Sometimes it's a badge of honor, whatever. And you got faith that you've committed what the doctor has done that it's going to be all right when he takes it off. Well, if we can have we can have faith in what a doctor has done, how much more can we have faith in what God said? Because what God says is what God does. There's so many here and I I don't really have time to go through all of them, but he it's it's a theme through the message. If you start looking up seeds and you start looking up committing and and all those things you it's incredible a lot of the things that he says about it, how to how to receive healing is is committing it to God, allowing God, Amen, to work that work in you. It's not you can't heal yourself, but God can. You can't deliver yourself, but God can deliver you. Come on, somebody. Maybe there's somebody here with a with a crushing weight that's you've been worried and you've been just tore up and you don't know. Give it to him. Say, "God, I it does and done me a bit of good worried about this. Ain't done nothing but maybe cause my blood pressure to go up and other things go on. That's all it does." Listen here. Listen. Listen to this. A couple things here in questions and answers. He says, "Dear brother Brandon, my wife and I were separated and she's suing me for divorce. She's not a Christian and I believe the message and I want her to be saved." He said, "Isn't that nice? That's a real Christian spirit. Want I want her to be saved and believe. What must I do? We also have two boys." He said, "Now, let me tell you, if she's going to sue you for divorce, that's Satan. Shouldn't do that. If you're a Christian, does nothing in the world to hinder that woman, then that's Satan doing that. He's only trying to tear you up. But if she is one of God's elected, she will come to him. If she's not, she's not worth worrying about. Hello, somebody. I know that's cutting, but that's just the way it is. If she's not, it's not worth worry. She not worth worrying about. Then if you're worried, but the worry what it does, it'll break your health down. And that's what Satan wants to do to you. He's working. And then you you may not be hopefully nobody's going through a divorce tonight, but there might be something else that that he's he's put upon your life to try to get to you. And he's what he's doing. He's trying to bring that worry. And he's trying to bring it to break you down. That's what Satan wants to do. He's working, I know, at you. So you just commit that whole thing to God and go right on serving God just as happy as you can be and God will take care of the rest of it. All that the father has given me will come. Get down on your knees. I'll pray with you or anything. I'll pray over the matter. Just say, "Lord God, I love her. She's a mother of my children, but I commit the whole thing to you, Lord. I want them saved. You know I do. But I can't go no further. She's given me a divorce anyhow. I haven't done nothing. If I have, reveal it to me. I'll go make it right. I'll do anything. But then commit it to the Lord and just let it alone. Let it alone. Go right on living just the same as nothing has ever happened. And God will take care of the rest. And you pray and commit your children to God and hold on to God believing they are saved. made another statement in questions answers is ask him will will all of the believing children of of of Holy Ghost paraphrasing but of Holy Ghost filled parents be saved or will all the children of Holy Ghost filled or believing parents be saved? He says no. He said, 'But you pray and you commit your children to God and you hold on to God believing they will be saved. He said because God, he goes through he said God doesn't he he talks about where he got it from David Duplicuses I think he said God doesn't have grandchildren. So just because a child's born in a certain house does not give them a right amen to go to go to go to in the rapture. What gives you a right to go in the rapture is a token. And that token is not given by natural birth. It's given by spiritual birth. And this is what he says. But he said but you pray and you commit your children to God and hold on to God. believing that they will be saved. And he goes through his own experience with his daughter Rebecca just just he said I just went through it. I you just committed to God. So when she got to be a little teeny teenager, bunch of teenies and she was going on going with some girls when she first went out there going run over some girl's house taking music lessons and one day this girl was sitting I come by and here this girl was sitting in talking about his home sitting in the piano playing rock and roll. Well I thought that's just enough for me. I I told I told her stay away from over there. She said, 'Well, that's it's the only place I got to go to take music. So, you know how teenies get. I said, 'Every ch kid has to go through that. Practically everyone goes to that age. You did and I did. And we got our we got but but we got to think their thoughts. And then a few days after her mother got after something, she sassed her and that and not that's not Rebecca at all. Took off, slammed the door, almost knocked the things on the wall, went to school. I ought to have seemly taken my belt off and follow hered out in the yard and brought back brought her back with warps around her. But I thought, wait a minute, I got to think 18year-old thoughts. She and I and I come back in. I said, "Mother," and you know me, she started crying. I said, "I know you don't you've done all you can do and I've done all I can do. It's out of our hands. We have to take the next step." Now, Becky never did do that to me. See, but when her mother said something about it, she slammed the door and said, "You expect me to sit here and be a wallflower all my life and blam me?" She slammed the door and went out. That was the devil. But I said, "Me to take your hands off." She said, "Me? That's my kid." I said, "Isn't it mine, too?" I said, "If she was dying this morning, you would have to commit her to God for her eternal destination. So, why can't we commit her to God now for her earthly journey?" Amen. She said, "Well, that's my kid." I said, "It's mine, too." Hello. Ain't just your home. I have a a little tiff. I said, "Now, can can you take your hands?" And she said, "Me not say nothing to her?" I said, "I never said that. You We'll quit scolding her and just advise her. She needs a buddy, and you're the one to be her buddy. You and I, we are her parents. These kids today needs a buddy." Amen. So, we got down on our knees and committed to God. I said, "I I know she's 18 years old, being a few days and and a girl that age would think about boyfriends and we've kept her in." I said, "I never wanted to see her get married. I wanted to put her in the office here to do work. I want to see her, but at first I want to see her filled with the spirit and live like that. We all wanted that." And she said, "Well, we can't do that. She just won't listen." I said, "Wait a minute. We've raised her all we can. Now, it's time to put her in the hands of God and commit her So when and I said when she does something like that, you say, "Becky, darling, mother don't want you to do that, but I'm your pal and I'm your friend and I'm going to stick by you no matter what." Quite a committal because our first reaction is to strike back. Come on, somebody. But I think it's good to take a prophet's advice, and I don't know why God put this in my notes, but he did. So here we are. Amen. But we we our first reaction when we go through anything not just with our kids is to strike back to say something to do something and but if we don't then we start carrying this burden you know we think well that's the way I got to release myself I got to just got to say no you don't just have to say something you can say something say the word of God but not our own thinking not our own thoughts not not how we you know I believe it's a good thing to live by uh is to treat others how we want to be treated. Hello. Lord, I didn't mean to get here, but we're here. Doesn't matter if you're the boss or the employee. Well, I'm the boss. I can do and say how I want. Are you doing it according how Jesus would do it? Are you talking how Jesus would talk? Are you treating how Jesus would treat? Come on, somebody. And then if you're the other side, are you responding how God would respond? This is what he's trying to teach his wife. Listen, it ain't the time to hit back. It's the time to say, "Hey, I'm your friend. I'm here for you anytime you need me." Put your arms around them. Hallelujah. Said it before, y'all voted me as assistant pastor. So, here we are. I just be honest. There comes a time that weapons don't work no more. You can beat them till they're 18, 20 years old, and they ain't going to do nothing but hate you more. But if you can show them the love of Jesus Christ, I I believe in correction. I I believe in the rod. I I believe to a certain place, but God grant us wisdom to know when it's time to just commit them to God. I've done all the teaching I can do. Now it's up to him. Yes. He says, see, listen here. He says she's go she's going to get but we know let her know that you love her. She's going to get somebody that'll love her. It might be the wrong woman. It might be the wrong person if you don't love her. I said, 'We, you be the woman that does the loving.' I said, 'Honey, that sounds kind of crude, but people come everywhere and set from personal interviews and things. I'm so common. We're so common to one another because we're husband and wife, but we never but we never let that happen. You must remember this is in the name of the Lord. She said, "All right." We got down and committed it to God. Said we take our hands off of it. That afternoon, she came in. She said, "Well, I guess you're still saying I can't go over there." Ma said, "No." I never said nothing about that. Said, "You know, mother doesn't want you to do it. You know that it like to killed your daddy when he heard you up there playing that boogie woogie music." Ever what it was with that girl. Said, "Now, he didn't want you to do that and we don't want you to do that, Becky, but we've committed you to the Lord and I want you to know I love you and whatever you do, I'll still love you." She hollered, "I'm going anyhow. said, ' Okay, dear. All right, I'll have supper when you get back. But she never did go. She never went since. Not long after that, she met George. George is a Christian. That settled it. Then she was telling trying to tell Mrs. Woods about it the other day. Said, "Oh, I got awful wild." Said, "Daddy, mother just committed me to the Lord. Awful wild." I said, "But that was wild to us and we don't want any wilder than that. But let it go like that. Commit it to God. He said, "What if a farmer went and planted a great big field of wheat and every morning he got out there and dug it all up to see if it sprouted? As long as it keeps digging up the seed, it'll never grow. Every time you dig it up, it delays it another day. Every time you look at your symptoms, it delays you another day in your healing." That's what he said. The farmer just commits the seed to the ground. He gets the best seed he can find and he puts it in the ground because he made a decision. He wants a crop. He goes and gets the best seed. He He wouldn't have very much faith in a crop that might be mixed up with gyms wheat or white top or daisy so forth. He wouldn't find much faith to kind of seed. But he got the best seed that he could buy, germatized seed, and he lays in the ground. He commits it and he don't look at it anymore. That's up to God to take care of the rest of it. And the best seed I know of is the word of God because it's eternal. You commit it to your heart, not to your head, to your heart and faith. Well, you keep digging around. So, well, the doctor said so and so. Say, listen, doctors will keep you upside down and backwards. I just witnessed it the other day. I I hope it's okay. But brother Ron, you know, we just had heard he had heard from three or four doctors that his kidneys were cancer-free. And he he comes down to the last doctor and she said, "Well, we ain't got such and such tests yet back." So, I wouldn't quite say that yet. If that's what he was standing on, he's flipped upside down. But that's not what he was standing on. He said, "I'm standing on the word of God." It doesn't matter five doctors, one doctors, 10 doctors, whatever doctors say. It does not matter. It matters what God says. Amen. That's where you have to stand on. He said, "If I ask tonight of cancer cases and blindness and lame and halt and all kinds of diseases by tens of thousands healed, it worked. If you'll put it in the right place, but if you lay it in the shelf, it'll never do no good." Did not Jesus say, "Unless a corner of wheat fall into the earth and die." See, you got to let it die. Just commit it to your heart and forget about it. Your decision, that decision, God will take the rest of it. This is what he said in Psalms 37 and verse three, and I'll read out of a different translation. Trust or lean on, rely on, be confident in the Lord and do good. So shall you dwell in the land and feed surely on his faithfulness and truly you shall be fed. Delight yourself also in the Lord and he will give you the desires and the secret petitions of your heart. Commit your way to the Lord or roll and repose each care of your load on him. Trust, lean on, rely on, be confident also in him and he will bring it to pass. Amen. The way we understand commit again is to roll yourself upon like a burden is rolled onto something else to be carried away completely relieving you of the burden and the weight of it. You know, we can think about this burden we roll on the onto God in different a couple different ways. your way, your choices, your actions, your plans, what happened to you, what's going on in your life, your direction you take or the burden yourself, your health, your needs, your wishes, your thoughts, your emotions, your heart, or your spirit. Get burdened. People get crushed under these burdens because they're not trusting in God. Matthew 11 and verse 28 says, "Come unto me all ye that labor and heavy laden and I will give you rest." I will give you rest. In other words, are you weary of carrying a heavy burden. Then come to me and I will refresh your life for I am your oasis. Hallelujah. If you're weary and gloomy and feel like everything's against you, come unto me ye that are burdened with a heavy burden and I will refresh you. I will give you life because I am your oasis. You'll never find rest in worry. You'll never find it in fretting and anxiety or fears. You'll never find it in trying to figure out because the devil will send you down a thousand different directions. The only real true rest is to come to him. Let's bow our hearts tonight. Ask the musicians to come. Maybe you've been under a heavy burden, heavy weights, thoughts, thoughts that just come one right after another. How's this going to be? How's that going to be? What's this going to do? What's that going to do? How's this going to work out? I Come unto him. Come to his word. Come to his word. Maybe you've been like somebody just walking uphill with a pile of logs. [Music] Remember brother Brown telling about Paul Rder who wrote only believe got sick deathly sick was dying as he was in that state he had this dream or vision or something of being a a man logging lumber and logging trees and he cut down this big old tree and he is wrestling with it, trying to get it, trying to get it to camp, trying to pick it up, and he's straining with all that he had. And he fall down and pick it back [Music] up. All of a sudden, he hears a voice says, "Paul, there's a river right down there that goes to camp. Why don't you just roll it off in that river and just get on and ride?" came to himself screaming, "I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it." What does that try to tell you tonight? I'm trying to tell you the promises of God were not meant to be a burden. They were meant to be a vehicle to take you to where you need to be. You don't have to get burdened over it. Rest on it. rest on it. Ride on the promises of God. That's what they were meant. Let it be a vehicle that takes you and it moves you into other places. Not something that crushes you or you worry about how is this how in the world is this going to I'm just resting on it. He said he's the Lord God that heals all my diseases. And I'm just laying myself on that word and I'm going to ride it to my healing. I'm just laying myself on that promise that says they shall be there and their offspring with them. I the promises unto me and to my children. I I'm going to just believe that's my promise and I'm going I'm I can't bring it to pass. I can't I can't save my children. I can't I can't bring them out of the world. Lord, I can't do none of that, but I'm just going to rest on it. Rest on his promises. Rest on his word. Rest on what he said. He's in control of every situation. He's in control. He is a faithful creator. He's the faithful creator. Hallelujah. Father Lord, sometimes we get so burdened down with things and worries and wonderings how in the world is this going to work or how is that going to be? How Lord, if we could just roll it off of our arms and put it onto you, cast your cares upon the Lord for he cares. God, I'm so thankful you care tonight, Lord. I'm so thankful you care for us. There may be some that came in here weary and gloomy and burdened about things. How's this going to work out, brother T? I don't know. I just know he said it. And what he said he's going to do. Oh God, we just ask Lord that we could come back to that place of rest, resting upon your promises, resting upon the word of God, resting upon the power of God. It's what that's what Rebecca did. She climbed up on that camel and she rested. She waited to meet her Isaac. Oh God, may we climb up into the heavenlies where we're ordained to be and rest in the promises of God. We ask it in Jesus name. Lord granted father I pray. Yes Lord [Music] sing in the morning troules they don't last that's exactly right for there's a friend named Jesus who will wipe your tears away. All glory. And if your heart is broken, just lift your voice and say, "I I know that I may. I know. know that I can stand. No matter what may come away, my life is in your hands. With Jesus, I can take it. Oh yes, Lord. With him, I know I can stand. I can stand. And no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. So when your test and trials may seem to get you down, and all your friends and loved ones, they are nowhere to be found. Oh, remember remember there's a friend in Jesus. Oh, he will wipe every tear. Who will wipe your tears away? And if your heart is broken, you can lift your hands and say, or say, I I know that I can make it. Glory to God. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. Say with Jesus, with Jesus I can make it. Oh, with him I know I can stand. Oh, no matter no matter what they come my way. My life is when you're test and trials. And when your test and trials may seem to get you down and all your friends and loved ones, they are nowhere to be found. Remember if there's a friend in Jesus, hallelujah, who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just want to just cast your burdens upon the Lord. I know that I can make it. I know. I know that I can stand. I will stand no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. And with Jesus I can make it. With Jesus. Oh with him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. With Jesus I can take it. God bless you. With him I know I can stand no matter what. Oh all my life. Oh with Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. [Music] No matter what come my [Music] way. Hallelujah. Peace of God cover me. Cover me. cover. Oh, through the [Music] storm cover. Only in you, Lord. Only in you I am saved and only in you I'm secure. Only in you I find peace. Oh, cover me. Oh, cover me. Only in you, Lord. Say, only in you I am saved. Only in you I secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Yes. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am. Oh yes, Lord. Through the storm. Cover me when all seems peace. Cover me when my strength is [Music] gone. I [Music] understand me. Cover me, Lord, and cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Oh yes, Lord, through the storm. And cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my strength is numb. Oh, let the peace all I ever stand. Cover me. Oh, cover me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. God will not reject your pray. Praying makes you stronger. [Music] Oh, I have never seen the righteous for begging for bread. have to suffer. Oh my patience. Oh, just wait and see. [Music] What will you do? When you lift up your hands in surrender, God will pull you through. Oh, just worship. Say, oh worship, simply worship. If you are crying, worship in your child's worship. Oh, if you are hurting, worship [Music] when nothing matters. Worship. Oh, he will hear your praise. [Music] God before you saying, "Let there be." Oh, he's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels fighting from all sides. He's leading the way. He is the God of trust. Trust in him. He will never fail. Oh, he walks with you along rugged. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. Oh, give him the praise and worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. It is important that you understand when God is speaking. [Music] Oh, sometimes it but that is when he's working. Lord, do you believe that tonight? Have patience. Let's sing. Oh, so just have patience and just wait and see what God will do. When you lift up your hands and surrender, I know God will pull you through. Oh, just worship him. Oh, so just [Music] worship. Simply worship. If you are crying, worship in your trials. Worship. Nothing matters. Worship. Nothing matters. Worship. and he will hear your [Music] praise. Oh, God before you say, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels from outside. He is the way. Oh, he's my guide. and trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you along a trail. Lift up your hands. This is your victory day. Oh, give him the praise and worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. [Music] Worship the Lord. Oh, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Say worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Yes, Lord. We love you, Father. Lord, we worship you in the storm, Lord. put our trust in you, Lord. Our rest in you tonight, Father. Lord, I just pray you'll take away the worry, the stress, Lord. Just commit everything into your hands, Lord. Hallelujah. We love you, Lord. We give ourselves to you, aromit our lives to you, Father. We dedicate our time to you, Lord. Our thoughts to you, Father. Hallelujah. We worship you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] in the [Music] presence of [Music] Jehovah, God of God. [Music] Prince, every trouble, every fear, every worry, every heart is [Music] Oh, it's in the present. [Music] Jehovah God, all the praise. him. for every heart you have mened. In his presence, his holy presence. in his presence. In your holy [Music] gra we can find perfect rest in the broken. It's in your [Music] hand. Oh, there's nothing like there's nothing like the presence. You can be dismissed as we go. Just sing that song again. In his presence, in his presence, sing his holy presence. We [Music] came [Music] find the broken arms resto in his presence in his holy presence. [Music] Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. [Music] Oh, holy, holy, holy are you. [Music] All the elders and angels in the redee worship you. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh and holy, holy, holy are you Lord. [Music] Holy, holy, holy are you. in Jesus name. The redeemer worship your name. We say holy, holy, [Music] holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. [Music] Holy, holy, holy Lord you elders and angels bow your redee. [Music] Holy, holy, holy Lord. You Lord, the elders and angels. The redeemed worship you [Music] holy. You deserve the glory. [Music] In [Music] theory, Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory. [Music] Lift our hands to you, Lord. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. As we lift your holy name and you are great. You do miracles. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one that is like you. Like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. Lord, you are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. You deserve [Music] glory and glory. [Music] And Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your glory. Lord, you deserve the glory and give me the on earth. Oh Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. Lord, you are our praise. You do miracles. There is no one else like you, Lord. There's no one else like you. There's no one like you. Oh, there is no one like you. When [Music] you do miracles and there is no [Music] else like you. [Music]
