################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - Bro. Thomas Byler • 3/30/25 • Sun • Privileges - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   Bro. Thomas Byler • 3/30/25 • Sun • Privileges
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GpJgyoSd8U
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning, brothers and sisters. If we'll just uh stand this morning. Maybe uh Tommy will open us in prayer this morning. Jesus worship service resurrection. Amen. The children can be dismissed for Sunday school. And if you'll go with me in the Psalms, we're going to be in Psalms 35 this morning. Psalms 35. We're not going to read the whole Psalm. We'll read up to uh verse 10. Please, sorry. Here we go. Plead my cause, O Lord, with them that strive with me. Fight against them that fight against me. Draw out also the spear and stop the way against them that persecute me. Say unto my soul, I am thy salvation. Let them be as a shaft before the wind, and let the angel of the Lord chase them. For without cause have they hid for me their net in a pit, which without cause they have digged for my soul. And my soul shall be joyful in the Lord. It shall rejoice in his salvation. All my bones shall say, Lord, who is like unto thee which deliverest the poor from him that is too strong for him? Yay, the poor and the needy from him that spoilth him. God bless you. May be seated, Brother Brian. Morning brothers and sisters. If would you would uh turn with me to the uh excuse me uh the 12th chapter of u the gospel of John. But you know the world is a really dark place that we live in this morning. Before I get started in this Gospel of John, if you look, everyone knows this picture over here, this last age that we live in, it's just total darkness. And like brother Brown said, you're the only light in this age that we live in. You're the light that people see the through the darkness that we have this morning. And I was thinking, the world is a pretty dark place, but we have hope as Christians this morning. If the spirit of God abides in you and the seed of life is in you, then you have no problems. And not being funny this morning, but I was thinking of brother John Wade. Just imagine if Brother John was still living in England this morning or anyone that was from a European country that has citizenship. Just think if they were still living in those countries this morning and you believe like we believe, you could find yourself in prison this morning. You know, they're arresting people in England this morning through the just because they don't agree with the way the school teaches their children or they disagree with what the government is doing. They're putting people in prison this morning because of their beliefs. And it's not too far away from our own country. If you live out on the West Coast, that's how dark of an age. It's a glorious age, but it's also a dark age. If you live out on the West Coast from California up to ever Everton in in Washington, you don't have any control of what they teach your kids if they're in public school. They want to identify it. Whatever they want to identify, they're going to hide it from you. You're going to let your kids be what they want to be. So, it's a real dark age that we live in this morning. And the only hope is if you have that seed of life in you this morning and you're the light people when they see you, they should see Jesus Christ this morning. And let me go to this uh about the 22nd verse here. I think I'm in the right chapter starting at the 22nd. Philip cometh and tellth Andrew and again Andrew. Philip tell this is when the Greeks came came to see Jesus and Jesus answered you have to forgive me I've had this Bible so long it's falling apart and the hour has come that the son of man should be glorified that's the hour we live in this morning too verily verily I say unto you except the corn of wheat fall into the ground and die it abideth alone but if it die it bringeth forth much fruit and uh he loveth his life shall lose it. And he that hated his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal. So that's where we're at this morning. And if any man serve me, let him follow me. Where I am, they there shall also my servant be. If any man serve him, him will my father honor. And then he goes on to say, now my soul is troubled. And what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour. for the the for this cause have I come in unto this hour. Father, glorify thy name. And we know what happened after that. And I was listening to that message this morning. It was in the the devotional from from yesterday, convinced and concerned. And what made me think of these few verses in the Gospel of John? Um, Brother Brandham was starting that message like he normally he's inducing himself. you know, he's talking about different things and then he and then he mentions uh brother Neville and and he talks about brother Neville, his pastor. What really struck me and he goes back to being the seed of life and he talks about how brother Neville is that oak tree, that big oak tree that you can rest under in the woods. Um, all you woodsmen know exactly what brother Brown's talking about. anyone that spent a life in the woods, you always got that big white oak or red oak that it's just the base is so large that you can rest on and you have shade under. And and he was talking about brother Neville's life that he was a he was instant in season and out of season. He was consistent. He never changed. He was the Christian that you could depend on that was stable with when no matter what the world is. And I was thinking this morning, that's where we want to be this morning. You want to be that oak tree. You want whether it's an oak or whether it's a sugar maple, whatever that big, tall, strong tree is, you want to be that tree this morning. You want to be that tree that's not moved by what's going on in the world. You know, you have to have, you know, any tree has to have the wind or struggles for it to grow larger and to become stronger. And no different in our lives this morning. We have to have tribulations, good times, bad times. They all will make you a better Christian this morning. And you shouldn't you shouldn't be afraid of what's going I was just thinking in the age that we're in this morning. What he was talking about, Brother Neville, I I would want in my own life if the world was just totally dark and I couldn't see in front of my hand out there, I would still trust him. Whatever whether the world was on fire, I would still trust him. no matter what the circumstances were, I would still trust him and everything that I believed this morning. And that's we're coming to the point where you there's they say that a lot where people are playing church. I I know you ministers talk about it. People come across well well past playing church. I know that. Well, you you can't play with God in your lives and you have to be rooted in the word of God this morning or you could be easily and I was just thinking of the Europeans and in England, you know, you think a country like Germany that had Luther for a messenger and a country like England that had John Wesley and you see where they're at this morning. You know, they just have a government church. That's all they have. They have government churches. The way they get like they are is there no life in their heart. There's no seed of life. So they they just keep going further and further out. And I was thinking this morning, you could be in the message this morning and the same thing could happen to you. But let me read I hope I don't mess up here this morning with these uh thing. I was if you turn with me to Galatians the 2 chapter this morning. We'll start at about about the 16th verse. I actually made it bigger because I'm having a hard time with this light reading my Bible, but I made the words bigger. And I was thinking this is where we're at this morning. I'll start at about the 16th verse. I'll give I know I get in a hurry and I don't ever give you a time to catch up, but the second chapter of Galatians, the 16th verse. knowing that a man is not justified by works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ. And we all stand that way this morning. We're only justified by faith in Jesus Christ. This morning, even we have believed in Jesus Christ that we might be justified by the faith of Christ and not by works of the law. For by works of the law shall no just flesh be justified. But then you can go back to James the 2 chapter and James said, you know, you got to have both. You it has to be a balanced Christian life this morning. And he goes on to say in the 17th verse, but if while we seek to be justified by Christ, we ourselves are found sinners, it is therefore Christ the mentor of sin, God forbid. And he goes on to say, for I build again the things which I destroy. I make myself a transgressor. For through the law I am dead to the law that I might live onto God. So I surrender everything about me. Everything that's in my heart or life, I surrender it to Christ so that I can die. And then he goes on to say here in the 20th verse, I'm sure some of you might have plaques that have this verse in your house or in your office or wherever you're at. And it says in this 20th verse, it's a verse to remember anytime you come into a situation where you find it hard to believe. It says here, I am crucified with Christ. So I've allowed Christ to totally take control of my life. I I'm dead to myself. It's Christ that lives in me. Nevertheless, I live, not yet I. By Christ liveth in me, and the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me. And he goes on to say here, I do not frustrate the grace of God. For if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain. So not to say that you can't that you want to strive to do the right thing every day. But that won't save you. It's Christ alone that saves you and the gift of God that he gives to you. And uh I just wrote some notes and I was thinking this morning that I was listening I was reading some devotionals and I it really struck me there's three types of people in the world and there's three types of believers. You know you all come across believers that are very pessimistic about how they look at life. But you know, a pessimism, a Christian shouldn't be a have a pessimistic type of view. That's a big word. Basically, a pessimist is someone that doesn't think he's good enough or struggles every day of his life. He just can't accept God for who God is. He's always struggling. He's always seeing clouds of darkness in everything he does in life. That's not how a Christian should live their life this morning. And he I wrote that in this time is bad in people they should it keeps people from being a believer and people that have pessimism in their life you know them you see them every day they wind up to be drug abusers alcoholics all the things they just don't believe enough to let those things fall from them and then they he was talking about another type of person in the world and it's really you have those two types you have people that are either pessimistic ic or egotistical. It's just one or the other. And that's narcissism also. And I was just thinking, it's easy in this age to be one or the other. But a true believer pushes all that darkness away from him and then just embraces the cross. But I was just thinking what God is looking for Christians this morning, not taking a lot of time, is he Christians are responsible. They take responsibility for their actions both in the spiritual and the natural sense. The word of God brings them into a place where you can count on them to do the right thing in their lives. And I'll just read this and I'll sit down. I'm getting off my point this morning. If I read in um I believe Yeah. Philippians the uh may sure Philippians the uh first chapter about the 14th verse I'll just sit down after reading a few of these voices but I was just thinking you know before I read this everything all the word of God lays before us whatever We just simply need to believe it. Have faith in it. God will bring it about. Whatever wherever you're at in your life. If the seed of life is in you and it's God's seed of life, it's going to come to life. You can't make it come to life. You know, the word of God will water it. You can't make it grow. You just got to let it grow this morning. You can you can't struggle. You just got to let it go. And I'll just read this here. Many of the brethren in the Lord waxing confident by my bonds are much more bold to speak the word without fear. So by Paul's example, everyone was willing to to go out on the limb and preach Christ. Some indeed Christ preached Christ even on envy and stripes. Some also to good will. One priest Christ of contention, not sincerely supposing to add affliction to my bonds, but other of love, knowing that I am set for the defense of the gospel. What then? Notwithstanding every way, whether in pretense or in truth, Christ is preached, therein do I rejoice. Yay, I will rejoice. And Paul is saying, when the word of God goes out, however it goes out, if there's a seed out there, it'll bring forth life. And he goes on to say in the 20th verse, "According to my earnest expectation of my hope, that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but in with all boldness and always, so now also Christ shall be magnified in my body, whether it be by life or by death. For in me to live is Christ, and to die is gain." I'm sure some people have that scripture on the wall, too, but it's really true. But if I live in the flesh, that is the fruit of my labor. What shall I choose? I want not for I am straight bets having a desire to part and to be with Christ which is far better. And then he goes but he said this to his people here. Nevertheless abide in the flesh is more needful for you. And having this confidence I know that I shall abide and continue with you in all furness of joy and faith. As I I finished this morning, I was just thinking, at the age we live where we're at this morning, the only hope you have, I I know I say this a lot, but I, you know, as a Christian, you can't say it enough. Everything that we are this morning is dependent on Christ abiding in our hearts and life. Whatever your struggle is this morning, whatever that whatever is taking control of your mind, you God is more than able whatever that cloud of darkness is or whatever that situ I know for a fact God is more than able to bring about the light of his gospel in people's heart about to to change situations. I have no doubt in my mind. The one thing I've learned is you can never sell God short, brothers and sisters. He is going to make a way for you or for me to be successful and be there on that day. Brother Josh or Brother David. Man, it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Sister Becky, I wonder if we could just start with Way Maker this morning. You are here moving in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship [Music] you. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, a way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are and you are here. You're touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you and you are here. You're healing every heart. I worship you. Oh, I worship you cuz you are a way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You're turning lives around. I worship you. [Music] I worship you and you are here. You're men in every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Let's stand this morning who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You're touching every life. I worship you. I worship you. You are here meeting every need. I worship you. I worship you. You are here turning lives around. And you are here and turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you and you are here mening every heart. I worship you. I worship you cuz you are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here mending every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Amen. Do you believe he's here this morning? Amen. Can we sing Speak Jesus this morning? I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark death starts to break. I'm declaring there is hope and there is freom. I speak Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold and shine through the shadows and burn like a fire. [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name of [Music] Jesus over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive by depression, I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. It is. And break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a [Music] fire. Ooh. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enmy and Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Shout Jesus. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets and Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. And Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name in Jesus. Oh, your name is power and your name is healing and your name is life. who break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows and burn like a fire. Oh, your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Amen. Amen. Can we sing? I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I bless your name. Just worship him this morning. I give you honor. Give you [Music] praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your [Music] name. I bless your name in prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. Paul and Silus prayed at night. And in their pain began to sing. Their chains were loosed and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. And you are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name and some midnight out. If you should find you're in a prince and in your mind reach out and praise and defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus. name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor, Lord. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Can we just sing it softly? Oh, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor and give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your [Music] name. Amen. That's what we've come to do today. Amen. Can we sing He is Lord. He is Lord before we go to prayer this morning. For He is Lord. He is Lord. and he has risen from the dead and he is Lord. [Music] Every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Let's make it personal this morning. He's my Lord. Oh, he's my Lord. [Music] Oh, he's my Lord. He has risen from the dead and he's my Lord. [Music] Every knee shall bow and every tongue confess that [Music] Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. We'll take this atmosphere to prayer. You may have your seats. Brother Danny, Brother Michael, John, Brother Paul, would you come this morning for the offering? And we have a number of prayer requests this morning. I wonder if Brother Steve if you would take these after read them. Amen. From Sister Emma and Sister Lacy, please pray for Sister Lois. She had a concussion the other day at work and she hasn't slept very good since. Want to remember her. Brother David has a request for Lawrence Strader. He's going to have a hip replacement surgery tomorrow. So, you want to remember him. Also, Sister Janet is home doing better and she wants to be here next Sunday so we could just remember her. Um, brother Danny asks for traveling mercies for sister Julie tomorrow traveling to Tennessee to Georgia, I'm sorry. Amen. I believe brother Joe also tested positive for CO yesterday. So, we remember him this morning. Remember this, Steve, if you take these needs before the Lord. Amen. Can we sing that little song? Let me walk with you, Jesus. Let me walk with you, Jesus. And don't ever leave me alone. For without you I could never never make heaven my home. [Music] So please let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. [Music] For without you I could never make heaven my home. Amen. Can we sing that old hymn, the old rugged cross this morning? On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross, the emblem of suffering and shame. [Music] And I love that old cross where the dearest and best before a world of lost sinners was slain. And so I'll cherish the old rugged cross until my trophies at last I lay down. [Music] And I will cling to the old rugged [Music] cross and exchange it someday for a [Music] crown. into the old rugged cross so despised by the world. It has a wonderous attraction for me. [Music] Oh, for the dear lamb of God. He left his glory above to bear it to dark calary. Oh, so I'll cherish the old rugged cross. [Music] until my trophies at last I lay down. [Music] Oh, I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for [Music] bro. Ooh, in the old rugged cross stained with blood. So divine a wonderous beauty I see. Oh for the dear the lamb of God. He left his glory above until bear to [Music] sanctify me. Oh, so I'll cherish the old rugged crumbs until my trophies at last I lay down. Oh, I will cling to the old rugged [Music] cross. Oh, and exchange it someday for a crown. Oh, into the old rugged cross. I will ever be true. His shame and reproach gladly bear. [Music] And then he'll call me someday to my home far away. Where his glory forever I'll share. So I'll cherish. So I'll cherish the old rugged cross until my trophies at last I lay down. Oh, I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a crown. Amen. So thankful for that cross this morning. Amen. Can we sing ba land? Be land. Amen. I'm kind of home sick for a [Music] country to which I've [Music] never been before. No sad goodbyes will there be spoken and time won't [Music] matter [Music] anymore in be the lamb [Music] I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll stand there. My [Music] home shall be eternal. No. Bu a sweet land. I'm looking now across the [Music] river to where my faith shall end inside. There's just a few [Music] more days to [Music] labor. Then I will take my heavenly flight. Let's stand this morning. Oh, to build the land. I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll stay there. My home shall be [Music] eternal land sweet land. God bless you. [Music] to where my faith shall end inside. [Music] They're just a few more days to linger. Then I shall take my heavenly fly. to the land. My longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand there. My hope shall be eternal. You la sweet [Music] land. Amen. Doesn't that just make you feel good? Amen. Good morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just good to see everybody. Amen. So, praise the Lord. We're looking for a good day in the Lord. I think that'll be all for the music. Amen. Next weekend, we'll be the first Sunday of the month. Amen. And we have moved to communion up to the second weekend of the month. Amen. So, that will be on a regular basis. Amen. So, then if we have a visiting minister, I don't know that I don't have one right now, but never know in a week's time, but anyway. So if we have a wi visiting minister that'll give him more time and so forth. So we will do that. Amen. With the grace and help of the Lord. We are Amen. Our hearts go out to those that have this co mess that's going around. Amen. We're definitely miss the ones that are not feeling well this morning. But we pray that God will touch you and raise you up again in a special way. Amen. God is good, isn't he? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. kind heavenly father as we are about to open this word Lord Jesus and ask you father to come Lord and reveal yourself to us father in a special way again Lord asking God that you'll take complete control Lord of the service the speaker and also the hearers Lord we realize father you could be with me and you could speak through me Lord and you could say things Lord but if it doesn't go Lord to somebody's heart and ears Lord Jesus what good would it do Lord so we need you on both ends Father and we ask God that you would just have your way. Let your will be done. Let your fall your seed fall on good ground this morning, Lord. And we just commit ourselves to you. And we want to thank you, Lord Jesus, for the opportunity, Lord, to be assembled again together in your name, Lord. For we know that when we were gathered like this in your name, you said that you would be there in our midst. And we thank you so much for it that you are here with us, Lord Jesus. We ask God that you'll just bless the meditation of my heart and that which we feel you've laid upon our heart to minister. We ask God that you would do it, Father, and speak through me now. Bless your word in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Kind of a different title this morning, but Amen. something we've perhaps not not titled it this way before, but it's going to be on the line of of uh things like um perseverance or thirst or or some of some of those titles that brother Brandham had. But this one here, amen, is just going to be we're going to speak on privileges. Amen. Privileges. Amen. Our privileges. So, if you will turn your Bibles to Matthew 11. Matthew 11. How many is enjoying the nice spring weather? Amen. It has arrived again. Amen. And it certainly is welcome. Praise the Lord. Good to see the grass grow. See, good to see the leaves come out. Amen. It's hard to believe that it goes by that fast, don't it? Winter winter just don't last long anymore. Amen. Time don't last long. A day doesn't last long. At least not for me. Amen. Goes very fast. Praise the Lord. All right. Matthew 11 and uh we'll begin with verse 28. Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me for I am meek and lowly of heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light. May God add his blessings to the reading word. You can be seated. Amen. We want to kind of uh speak along the lines. Amen. Of I know we have spoken on Amen. an open door. God's open door. Amen. And I would might have called this the door of privilege. The door of privilege. Amen. Praise the Lord. And of course, we know that Jesus Christ, Amen, and what he has done for us, he's opened up so much for us. Amen. Um, I'm going to read another scripture, I think, over in the book of Hebrews. Hebrews 2. Hebrews 2 and verse 1 and 1-3. Therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard. Amen. Ain't that a good statement? How many believes we ought to do that? We need to give the more earnest heed. And that's what we're going to do this morning is give more earnest heed to things that we have already heard. Amen. That's right. At least at any time we should let them slip because we as human beings are very good at forgetting. We're very good at letting them slip out of our mind and so forth. For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast and every transgression and disobedience received a just and recompense of reward, how shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? Amen. Now, how many knows salvation is something that means that you have been saved from something? Amen. You've been saved from something. You've been rescued from something. Amen. And if you neglect that salvation, Amen. Of course, we realize that's what came the Lord came to do is to give us Amen. that salvation. But if you neglect that salvation, Amen. There's going to be a penalty that comes with it, isn't it? Major big penalty that comes along with neglecting. Amen. The salvation that God has brought to this world. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Benam, he makes a statement. I think that's just about where our churches are getting. He says we're children of God. He says, "But we're losing our inheritance by our conduct and things that we do." He says, "Things that we permit to be done and so forth." The way we act and live. He says, Brother B makes a statement. He says, "We're living millions of miles below our privileges." privileges. Amen. Privileges. My And he says, "Mostly because God will do something and we'll say, well, Dr. So and so said so and so." He's like, "What does it matter what doctor so and so says? If God comes and vindicates something, they ought to do something for you." Amen. And I was thinking back there, what is our privileges? What What is our privilege? What is our god-given privilege? Well, we know that uh privileges is something uh a lot of times it's just your you might you might say, "Well, you were born privileged. Your mom and daddy are rich, you know, and so you were born a privileged person." Maybe something you didn't have to earn, something you didn't have to buy. You're just It's a privilege. Something that's given to you for free. Amen. Amen. Let me just start uh start with the simple things again. He says he says uh well I'm I'm going to read this next. He says we should never live under our privileges as we are today. The great powers of God lays within the reach of every member of the body. What things soever you desire when you pray, when you you if you believe it, you shall receive it. Now, let me go back to thought for just a minute. I never finished my thought. What is our privileges? Well, I'll tell you what our God-given privileges are. What our God-given privileges are is what they had at Pentecost. I mean, the book of Acts is our inaliable right. We can have what they had in the book of Acts. And if we don't have that, then you're living below your privileges. If we don't have what Peter had when he walked up to that impotent man, Amen. And said, "Silver and gold have none, but such as I have, I give unto thee." Amen. Amen. The full power of God upon the people. You know that Jesus when he went to Calvary now I just want to say this that privileges don't come free like freedom isn't free right privileges aren't free and you my we could sit here till this evening just talking about our privileges and sometimes I think well brother you you're just going a little bit funny here or whatever But you know when I when I talk about simple little things about our privileges about as simple thing as as you had the God gave you the privilege of waking up this morning. Yeah. That was a privilege. Why? Because brother Bam says, "How do you know that you're going to ever make it out of here? How do you know that you know what's going to happen next? We don't you don't know. You have no promise. I have no promise of finishing this message." Hello. So, it's all a privilege. The breath that you draw, the fact that you get up, it's a privilege. And uh I don't think I'm funny because when when when brother Bannon when he'll he'll talk about he says, you know, we take for ne we take for granted like even the sun, you talk about the sun coming up, nobody really ever thinks about, hey, the sun came up. Praise the Lord. But yet he says, you know, if it wasn't for the sun, we'd all die. If it didn't come springtime, we'd all die. Nothing would grow. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, how many believes that Jesus on Calvary paid He paid the price for every privilege that you ever have that you'll ever have. He paid for it. Thank you, [Applause] Jesus. That's right. Amen. My You want me to cover the scope of it? Let me cover Let me cover for you the scope of what your privileges are. Everything that you ever have need of or ever will have need. Even heaven itself has already been paid for you. There is not one thing that Jesus didn't pay for that you need that you'll ever need. Anything you'll ever need has already been paid for. We are a privileged people. Amen. Praise the Lord. Heavenly Father, brother Bam says, "We are indeed a privileged people this morning to be assembled in the house of God." How many know he's at one place, he says, "Someday they'll shut this place down. Someday you won't have the privilege. They'll shut it down. I tell you what, when I know that I have a privilege on something, it's free. You better take advantage of it. You better enjoy your privilege. What gives us the right to come here and to be an independent church? Brother Brian, he was mentioning England, you know, and all of the persecution that going on over there. Amen. Praise the Lord. By the way, I just want to comment on that what he said about being that oak tree. How many believes that that we as dads need to be or husbands, we need to be that oak tree for our wives? We need to be that sound foundation for our wife. Wife, you need to be that solid oak for your children. Grandpa, you need to be that solid oak for your wife, your children, and your children's children. pastor, you need to be for your congregation. Hello. That immovable rock that can only be attained by having a relationship with Jesus Christ. Amen. We need that. Appreciate the Sunday school this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we think about it. Let's just talk about first of all, you're privileged. How many know that you are a privileged person to live from what I understand in the greatest nation in the world yet? Amen. I don't know about you, but I'm glad that I'm not over in China. I'm glad I'm not I wasn't born in Russia or China where there's no freedom of religion and you preach like this and the cops are going to come walking up in them double doors. Hey y'all put your hands behind your back and go up against that wall. Y'all getting all arrested. Hello. Or over in the Middle East where they're killing a bunch of Christians right now. Ain't that right? Them folks are killing those Christians. They're dying. So, we're privileged. You're privileged this morning sitting in that seat. You're privileged to be an American. Let me ask you something. Was it cheap? Did it come free? No. The fact that I can come up here and preach a full gospel according to the dictates of a heart and you can sit there and listen and worship God the way that you want to was because some of those men that wanted to come for freedom of religion to a country. Hello. They bled and they died. I looked I picked it up. I thought, you know, think about World War I, World War II. Amen. how that Hitler would have taken over the world if he could have. Japan tried to take us over and 400,000 soldiers, American soldiers, got their heads blown off, got their iron blood, brutal battle on D-Day. Hello. All of that was so that you could sit there so that you could have freedom of religion. So that you could worship the Lord. Now you're a privileged person. They paid for your privilege. It ain't no wonder that we have a Memorial Day. I thought about having a moment of silence this morning to remember all those young men 18 years old. Paul, you're not 18 yet, but think about it. How'd you like to find out? You man, there's a heated battle going on with uh Russia or North Korea or somebody invading you. You boys, we need you. Most likely you're going to die. How'd you like to find out that you're going to be sent off to war? Huh? Michael, by your age, Danny. Off the war you go. Amen. Aren't you glad you Now, we've got some here that like Brother Brian, Brother Sean, Brother Glenn that served. Amen. I don't know what they all done. probably don't want to know, but it was for our country, for our freedom. Amen. That's right. So that we could worship God. So we could be free. To give you that privilege of coming to church on Sunday. I give the highest regard and highest respect to those who lost their lives. That's right. 18, 19, 20 years old. Men of all kind that are over on the other side. Now, we know they're not dead. Their souls over there somewhere in that dimension, either saved or unsaved. Isn't that right? They're there. And they forfeited their blood. They gave their life, forfeited their whole future. Hundreds of thousands of 400 thousand in World War II alone, let alone Korea and Vietnam and the places that they were. Those jungles of Vietnam and everywhere they fought. Amen. Some even senseless wars. Hello. Wars that we lost. I always thought it was a terrible thing to lose a war because if you lose and them guys paid for their paid for it for nothing. They didn't get nothing. They lost but they tried. Amen. But so I think my the highest of regard should go to those who have given their lives. No doubt no wonder we have a memorial day because they fight fought so that you could be privileged. Amen. to enjoy your freedoms and then people want to squander that and not take advantage of it. Amen. To give you the freedom of not have to be in China and work and have to be dressed in the clothes they give you, the house they give you. But he knows you can uh you can you can be a a bum on the street and be a pretty good one. Brother Bram says he's like a millionaire. At least you can find something to eat. Over in India and everywhere they they got big old bell round bellies of hungry and starving and skin and bones and everything. Hello. They can't find nothing to eat back then. I don't know how it is today. But you know even then you can be that or you can be Elon Musk or you can be Donald Trump or you can be a multi-millionaire if you're smart enough. Just depends on how smart you are, how determined you are. But there's no there's no limit to your success if you really put your mind to it. In other words, the opportunity is there. The privilege is there. Amen. Hallelujah. Just the little things. everybody, all the sinners out there. And I was thinking, we were sitting on the porch, me and my wife was sitting on the porch talking about the Lord, watching the beautiful clouds come by, huh? Enjoying our porch, enjoying what God made, watching the martins, sparrows or whatever. And I told her, I says, "Honey, you know, it's something. Isn't it something?" And I almost wanted to tell the guy at the Dairy Queen, I was almost went to preaching at the guy at the Dairy Queen drive-thru this morning, but I didn't. But he he said he ain't going to be at church. He was a pretty religious little fell. He was pretty pretty pretty decent young man. He says, "You know, I gota I couldn't go to church because I it would make him make them short-handed here. But Jesus knows I I love him. I'm going said, "You know what I'm going to preach about today? I'm going to talk about how that he says, you know how how this world turns around in in a 24-hour period. It does a perfect turn and we never even thank God for it. We don't realize that it's the power of God that makes every revolution of every day. He's the one that brings the clouds. He's the ones that paints us beautiful sunsets. He gives us birds to enjoy. He gives us nice weather. He does all of that. We're privileged to live on his great earth. All the earth is full of his glory. Brother Brandon preached a paradox. Said everything about the moon and the stars and all of that, it's all a paradox. It's all a miracle. You're living on a miracle. You're a privileged person. Even the sinners are privileged to live on God's green earth. Cuz when they go to hell, there ain't going to be no nothing there. No privileges in hell. We'll talk about the rich young man and different things here after a while. That's right. And I'll just touch him a little bit. I don't know about you, but I kind of like something to stand on. Don't you? What do you reckon it feel like if I fall? Sh. I got you, didn't I? It'd be scary to think, you know, when you're falling out of a tree. Oh man, it's a terrible thing. But brother Brandon on the reason to the lost. He said that's all he was doing. Falling and falling. Nothing solid to stand on. Just fall and fall in darkness. Moanful moanful sounds of people moaning and everything. A horrible place. Yet the sinners, listen, the sinners got to enjoy. Amen. To live on God's grace great earth. Amen. is full of the glory. How many believe the whole earth is full of his glory? The trees reflect his glory. The beautiful birds reflect his glory. The bird watchers to see the glory of God. Privileged to go to the beach. Privilege to take a hike in the mountains. Privileged. Ain't that right? People have great RV parks, recreational vehicles. Amen. go to parks and enjoy, but they never stop and thank God. Never appreciate who gave them that privilege in the first place. Amen. With that privilege comes responsibility. You're responsible for what you do with that privilege. Man, you out of a million was chosen to come to the earth to be born. I don't care if you're too fat. I don't care if you're too skinny. I don't care if you're too ugly. You still ought to be, "Well, hallelujah. I'm happy the way God made me. At least I got the cop." Don't have an inferior complex. No. God made you special. And he gave you life. He gave you breath. We thank God for it. God is the most unappreciated being in the universe. Huh? How many know straight is the gate and few is the few there is that find it? Fear not little flock. Sure. God's children, God's people appreciate him. Amen. Sure. There will be millions over the ages. But all those that are of the other side, they don't appreciate him. They don't give him thanks. The Bible said that God came to his own. His own received him. Not even his own disciples left him. Forsook him cuz he didn't have it in here without the Holy Ghost. They didn't have it in here to stay with him. Say, "Yeah, I'll go to Calvary, too." Amen. But anyway, so we think about it. In the natural world, we're privileged people. Everything you have has been given to you by God. Every breath that you have, you're privileged to breathe another breath. Amen. We want to look with the help of the Lord at different things like that. Amen. Praise the Lord. So he says, "That's right. You're privileged to be in the house of God." When we know that there's so many that would want to be in the house of God this morning and is in the hospital and on beds of sickness, he says, "And thou has given us this privilege to be out here today." Amen. How many believes it's a privilege to be here this morning? That's right. Hallelujah. And we don't come just to see each other. Amen. Though we love to fellowship one with another, but we come can do that at our homes, but we come here to fellowship with he who has brought us together as beloved children of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, in this hour of darkness and chaos over the earth, we should be the happiest people on the earth. to rejoice to know he says uh that all kinds of people are indoctrinated all kinds of isms and things on the world and yet today the living God by his word and his visible evidence shows us that he's here with us working moving and acting exactly like you are dead I don't know about you but I'm glad that I'm not Amish I'm not Menanite I'm not Baptist Presbyterian or any of those things we are a living God among us. That's why he come. What religion are you going to go to? What church are you going to go to? Amen. That can show you the very pillar of fire that let the children of Israel. Amen. The halo over their leaders in. Where are you going to go to find that? Nowhere around this world. Where are you going to find where there's a cloud that even the scientists said it was way too high for even for a moisture to be up there forming the perfect Hoffman's head of Christ looking down upon the earth. Seven angels coming with a message to the bride of Jesus Christ. Where are you going to find that? We ought to be the happiest people knowing God is with us. God is with you. God is here. That's why we ought to be the happiest people in the world. Amen. You're not Muhammad, he says. You're not Buddha. You're not Catholic. You're none of those indoctrinated. But here you have the living God among you proving himself. Oh, if I could shout that to the world, the church world, the living God came and proved himself in the prophet of God. He came to draw us back to himself. And that's the blessing, the privilege that we have. Amen. If God is drawing us and he to whom Amen will draw if the father will draw. How many is glad to be drawn? I'm glad my drawing is to God. I'm glad my drawing is the church. Amen. My drawing is to the Holy Spirit. greatest privilege that's ever been given to man was to allow God himself not to live among you. Hello. How many knows Jesus walked with the disciples? He was among them. Ain't that right? He was with them. But he said he is. He the the comforter is with you. But he shall be. He shall be in you. There's a big difference between him being there and him being here. My my my a big difference. God isn't here. This is where God dwells. That is where God dwells. That is where God dwells. That's where God dwells. God is here. We don't neglect him. God help us never to neglect. So great a salvation. God has given the whole world a free pass. Forgive them all their sins. He's given them that. But don't neglect it or you'll pay for it. Amen. It's a privilege to have health. I'm just glad to be healthy. Amen. Very thankful, Lord Jesus. Thank you for the health that you've given each one of us. Thank you for the strength. Thank you for strength. You'll know it when you get about 60 and you realize, hey, you can't lift them 200 lb anymore. You struggle with 50 lb. You realize you ain't got the strength. Your strength is fleeting. That's why Sister Janet's praying. Lord, give me strength. Just need strength right now. That's all I need. Sister Paris, I need strength. Lord, I need strength. I appreciate strength. God, grant them strength this morning. Why do you think that in Revelation it's our worthy of honor and glory and strength and power? It all belongs to him. You've been privileged with strength. You've been privileged with a voice. You've been privileged with being able to worship God. Lips to give praise to his name. Amen. I heard brother Bam said, man, what don't be so cold. Don't be so proud that you can't say amen. Come on, humble yourself a little bit and say, "Amen." Praise the Lord. I don't care what anybody else thinks. I'm going to punctuate the word with an amen. Cuz we're privileged beyond your imagination. We have untapped resources. We've been privileged with untapped resources. Hallelujah. Amen. Resources we never even tapped into. How many knows when Elijah and Gahesi was up on the mountain, the Syrian army came after him and they were surrounded by the Syrian army. Gahhesi says, "Man, what are we going to do? What are we going to do? Look at all of these guys." And as brother Bam says, he says, "What are you talking about? What are you talking about?" He said, "God, open my serpent's eyes." Amen. His eyes become open and he looked and they're all on the mountaintops and it was all of heaven on chariot of horses. He said there's more of us than there is of them. All of heaven is behind you. All of the resources of heaven stand behind every believer. Every son and daughter, God has got all of heaven behind. No wonder we ought to be the happiest people. No wonder we should be the happiest people on the planet. All right, I'll catch my breath. That all right? People lose their breath fleeing when nothing's chasing them. Might as well lose our breath preaching the gospel. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, that's so good, isn't it? That's our resource. Heaven is our resources. You've been privileged cuz Jesus said, he said, "Ask and it shall be given unto you. Knock and it shall be open. Seek and you shall find." That's a privileged person. Ask and it shall be given unto you. Pray and God will answer your prayer. Believe with all of your heart and nothing shall be impossible. You're privileged to be at that place with God. We're privileged to be back the way that Adam was before the fall. Amen. We're still living a little below our God-given privileges. I don't know about you, but I want to get to the place where brother Brandon was. That's right. I believe he was so surrendered to God, so committed to God that God could trust with him. Trust him with that couple that was on the front row kissing and carrying on. Said, "Whatever you say to them, it'll happen." He knew that voice. He could have spoken. How many believes he could have said anything and it would have happened? Had he right? Could have said anything, it would have happened. Now ask what you want and you'll have [Applause] it. We ain't got no genie in no bottle. We got a God in the heart. Amen. that says asked anything and I will do it. That's not just for Hattie, right? This just comes fresh. Amen. He told her, "Ask what you will." Didn't the Bible say you ask what you will in my father's name and you'll have it. Let the Holy Ghost inspire you to speak like he did with Patty Wright. Let the Holy Ghost inspire you like he did with the brother Brandon and say the right thing. I forgive you for that. If Brother Brandon would had a mean bone in his body, if he'd had a little angry bone in his body, if he'd have been a little deaconyy, hey, you can't do that, huh? Come on. Come out here. We're going to have a talk with you. Huh? Deacon's got to be a little tough, please. But if he had a little bit of that, ain't no telling what he might have said. But he had the love of God in his heart. Hello. He realized how many times he had messed up. Ain't that right? That he was also needing forgiveness. Blessed are the merciful. He says, "If they shall obtain mercy," he says, "I forgive you for that." I still want to see it, Brother Glenn. I want the tape played back. I want to see the reaction on that couple when he said that because I can imagine if there was a conviction of almighty God come down. I don't know just what it was. That's why I want to see it. Maybe they were still arrogant, but they better not have been. But I'm here to tell you those preachers back there when he says, "Come up here and stand by my side," that was one quiet bunch. They realized that they were they're going to they're confronting God's hand, right hand man. And none of them dared get up out of feet and come on up here. I imagine there was a holy hush, a reverence, a fear, cuz if you make the wrong move, somebody in here is going to die. It was that kind of atmosphere. Oh, go ahead, brother Brandon. I'll be by your side. right side. How many wants to live up to your God-given privileges? Our rights are God-given privileges is to walk with God, to be so committed to him that if you need a bull to go back, if you need a storm to stop, if you need hornets to go back in, Amen. that God can do that for you. Not just for the prophet, but for you and I. But it's going to take some surrenderance on our part. It's going to take a committal to our part. It's going to take believing God's word. Amen. That's what I want more of. I want more of Jesus. I want closer to God. I want closer and closer and closer to God until I am in his very presence. I'm talking about physically. How many's looking for a rapture? privileged people. Behold, what manner of love the father has bestowed upon us that we should be called the children of God. How many glad to be a child of God? Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother says, "Let us remain standing just a moment for prayer as we bow our heads. Our gracious heavenly father, we are indeed a privileged people tonight that we can look into thy glorious face and to call thee our father." Woo! How many's glad and proud of your heavenly father? We have a great heavenly father. Amen. That we do, don't we? Praise the Lord. Therefore I say unto you, take no thought for your life, what you shall eat, or neither what for the body of what you shall put on. The life is more than the meat. Amen. Hallelujah. How many knows you being alive in the heaven of God on the inside is more than any external thing. much greater than your clothes, much greater than your food, much greater than your house, much greater than your daily needs. Lord, help us. We take so good care of the outside, but it's time to tend to the soul. Consider the ravens, for they neither sow nor do they reap. They which they neither have storehouses nor barns, and God feedth them, how much more are ye better than fowls? And which of you taking thought can add one stature to his cubit? And if ye then be not able to do one thing of the least, why take ye thought for the rest? Consider the liies how they grow. They twirl not, neither do they spin. Yet I say that all of Solomon was not a raid, and all of his glory was not a raid like one of these. Oh, this is just a little fresh revelation. Is this okay? Amen. And then Solomon, sure he was arrayed in all kinds of things, but guess what? The believer is arrayed in the caretaking of heavenly father. God takes care of us. That's the glory of the almighty God. God takes care of us. Amen. Then if God so clothe the grass which is today in the field and tomorrow's casting in, how much will he not clothe you, oh ye of little faith? Amen. Seek not that what ye shall eat or drink of what and neither be of a doubtful mind. For all these things do the nations of the world seek after and your father knoweth that you have need of these things, but rather seek to eat the kingdom of God and all and of God and all these things shall be added unto you. How many believes you are a privileged person this morning cuz God takes care of you. If you need a job, God will give you a job. If you need something else, God will give it to you. If you'll just make him first in your life, you know, God will supply what you have need of. We're privileged to have a heavenly father like we do. Amen. But says, "You never seen a robin and all of them ambulances. You don't see no two birds carrying Amen. two feet in a little bitty old uh stretcher between them and coming over to another bird and three, four of them load that bird up in a little stretch and off they go." Well, where are they going? They're going to the bird hospital. No, never seen any of that. Why? Cuz God takes care of them. Amen. Brother B says every morning you get up and man, they go tilt their head back and sing to the top of their voice just a praising God. Amen. They're looking down at humanity and say, "Why are people so sad? Why are people so down? Don't they have a heavenly father like we do?" Woo! Oh my, what a privilege. Hallelujah. You're a privilege because you're locked in. You're sealed in with God. You're God's child. Amen. When you go through struggles and trials, how many of us can look back in our lives and see the hardships that we've went through? We come through. Amen. Like brother Bam says, "Brother Bam, did you keep your religion?" No, I didn't. But it kept me. We've got a God that keeps us, that holds on to us, that don't let us go. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. He will not let you go. That's the privilege that we have. That is our privilege. He won't let you go. [Music] I don't know. Sometimes I say everything I should or not. It comes to my mind up here. I'm asking his permission in case you're wondering why I'm waiting. That's my wonderful wife back there. Thank the Lord. All right, we'll leave that one alone at this time. But the devil has tried everything for you to try to get you to stop. Ain't that right? To get me to stop. To discourage me to discourage you. Young people, don't think that you're not going to go through rough times. You're going to get to places where you want to maybe quit or this person discourages you or that person discourage. That don't stop you. No. If you really got a new birth experience, let's be honest, you might have a grudge for years. You might have a problem for years. It can happen with Christians. But if you're God's child, you will repent and you'll take chastisement and you'll take correction. Cuz if you don't take correction and if you don't straighten up, you're a bastard child, not a son of God. Amen. Sometimes it's a long road. Let's hope it don't take many years or time or a year or whatever. Hello. But sometimes it does. Amen. Remember that. Okay. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. See how many knows that when Jesus said it is finished, the price was paid for these privileges that we have, the price was paid. I don't have my checkbook with me, which I did. But for that checkbook, for you to have God's checkbook, the price was paid. The money was put in the bank. Ain't that right? And you were given a right to the tree of life. You was given a right to the checkbook. You were given a right. You were privileged to be able to obtain, to possess, to claim every promise in the book. The rapture, brother Woody, is mine. The body translation is mine. I claim it. The meeting in the air is ours, Brother Woody. We claim it. It's ours. Every promise in the book is mine. He said he'd never leave me nor forsake me. That promise is mine. I've got a right to it. I've got a privilege to [Applause] it. Well, why ain't you rich? Why don't give me God give me a million dollars? Why do they do this, that, or the other? Maybe he can't trust you with it. You ought to be content with the things that God does give you. Hello. A lot of us probably say, "We got too much stuff." Brother Tommy, I got too much stuff. I need to have a garage sale. I need to have a yard sale. I don't have time to keep up with a lot of that junk. Hello. Less is more sometimes. More time for God. But I thought, Lord, help us. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for paying for it. Free. How many know that's free? Jesus says, you go out there and you freely give because you have freely received. He paid the debt. You didn't. You didn't have to suffer for it. Oh my, I want to scream this to the world. Jesus said, "Come unto me." The spirit and the bride said, "Come, come, come, come." All you got to do is come in. All you got to do is come. All you got to do is believe. That's all. You don't have to go to hell. You can come to Christ and live [Applause] eternally. So simple, so free. and that people don't want it. Oh, but instead they'll go on the streets of Philadelphia and get in this crack cocaine and everything else and be hunched over out in the middle somewhere freaking out and everything else just for some high. Can I say amen? You can have your drugs, you can have your alcohol, you can have your devil stuff. That is a false sense of happiness. I'll take this stuff right here. I'll take this right here. The baptism of the Holy Ghost that gives me peace that passes understanding, joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Come to church and tell me some more of that glory. Give me some more of that glory. Give me some more of that. I want some more of that. Raise your hand. Say, "God, give me more. Give me more. I want more, Lord. I want more of Jesus. More and more and more. I want more of Jesus. So, I'll give you more of me." Got to open more doors. Got to let him search your closet. See if he can't make room. In this world, you're privileged to try to get rich if you can. Amen. If you want to. And there's nothing wrong with being rich. Just be careful how high how how rich. Hello. Because if you go beyond what God beyond God's will, you'll make that's your treasure. That's where your heart will be. And you'll make it to where, like Jesus said, it's easier for the camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into heaven. You have the privilege of getting rich if you want. Sometimes they think I just like to get rid of my cows, my dogs, my cats, anything that's a bunch of responsibility. Let me just go take a few of my my years and do a little fishing, rest, you know, not every day have to go and work, work, work, work. Let me enjoy what I've worked for. But instead, I'm going to put another addition up somewhere. I'm going to build this that or the other. You know, probably till I drop over off of a raft or somewhere, you know, who knows? But Lord, help me. You all pray for me. I take time out to study and pray. When I am working, play, push, play, keep my mind on God. Amen. The reason I said that is because I want to read you a little story now as we go. How many knows there's a price that comes for neglecting this great salvation or rejecting this great salvation? This great salvation that God has given the world free come and then to not accept it. It's almost mind-boggling to think that people don't want it. Can I make a statement? Yeah, I can. Thank you very much. Y'all voted me in to do that, didn't you? There's something wrong down here with a person that just doesn't want it. It's something in the soul. They got a soul problem, a seed problem. Huh? to want something this great. All right, let me hurry up here. Let me see here. Luke 16. Luke 16. Luke 12. Let's go to Luke 12 first. Luke 12:13 it says in one of the comp well let's wait go uh yeah that's fine 13 chapter 12 verse 13 and one of the company said unto him master speak to my brother that he divide the inheritance with me and he said unto him man who made me do you a ruler over a judge or a divider over you amen this is where I get my scripture don't anybody here ever ask me oh brother Balor will you step in we we're dividing inheritance and can you step in and help us nope Nope. It's all yours. Hopefully, nobody has that problem. But if you do, Jesus, don't do that. Amen. And he said unto them, "Take heed and beware of covetousness, for a man's life does not consist of the things and the abundance of things that he possesseth." Amen. How many knows your joy, your peace doesn't depend on how much you got? And he spake a parable unto them, saying, "The ground of a certain man brought m plentiful." And he thought within himself, saying, "What shall I do because I have no room where to bestow my fruits?" And he said, "This will I do? I will pull down my barns, will build greater, and there will I bestow all my fruits and my goods. And I will say to my soul, Saul, thou has much goods laid up for many years. Take thine knees, drink, eat, drink, and be merry." And God said unto him, Thou fool, this night thy soul shall be required of thee. Then whose shall these though things be which thou hast provided? So is he that layeth up treasure for himself and is not rich towards God. Amen. He made the mistake of thinking that he had another day. How many we as believers, we like to think, hey, you know, I may not finish this sermon. You may not make it home. So we want to make sure that we're in somebody's hands and in anybody's care if we don't. We don't have to let that scare us. How many know that doesn't fear? We don't have fear. That's something else we're privileged not to have to have. That's fear that's been taken from us. But we realize that we've been not given a promise of tomorrow. He thought he would have a life of ease. He would retire and have an easy day. didn't realize that he could be gone before morning. How many knows we're not always going to be here? You're not always going to be here. This is not going to keep going like this. Amen. We have to think ahead. Think prepare for what's ahead. Amen. Every day. Another story. There was a certain rich man which was clothed in purple and fine linen, fared presumptuously every day. This is in chapter 16 19. And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus which had laid at his gate full of the sores and desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table. Moreover, the dogs came and licked his sores. And it came to pass that as the beggar died and was carried by the angels of to Abraham's bosom, the rich man also died and was buried. Ain't it something how that Jesus would use this illustration? Basically, I want to tell you, he's telling you it's better to be a beggar on the street and to be a Christian than it is to be to have everything that you can have and imagine having wanting without God. How many believes that? Because that's pretty much what Jesus and the disciples were, beggars. Jesus says, "I have the son of foxes have holes and birds have nests. Son has nowhere to lay his head." Amen. He lived day by day. But if God is with you, he will supply for you. Amen. That's what I That's what I get out of this. And in hell, he lifted up his eyes being in torment and seeth Abraham a far off and Lazarus in his bosom. And he cried and said, "Father Abraham, have mercy on me." and send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue for I am tormented in this flame in life. He had the privilege of having everything. Now he don't even have the privilege of one drop of water on his tormented tongue. Hell has no privileges. No privileges down there. No peace, no love, no God. Then brother Bam says, he says, "Mom, dad, there's no mom. There was no dad. God, there was no God there." Huh? Wow. It's total separation from God. He had been in both places. And Abraham said, "Son, remember thou and thy lifetime receivest thy good things, and last likewise Lazarus's evil things. But now he is comforted, and thou art tormented. And by this, besides this, between us and you, there is a great gulf fixed, so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot, neither can they pass through us that would come from thence." And he said, I pray thee therefore, Father, that thou would send Lazarus, send him to my father's house, for I have five brethren, that he may testify unto them, least they also come in into this place of torment." And Abraham said unto him, they have Moses and the prophets. Let them hear them. And he said, Nay, Father Abraham, yet if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent. Wow. How many knows he wanted one more opportunity? He'd have loved to have the privilege of going telling his brothers. Can you imagine if this rich man was actually raised up? God granted him to be raised up from the dead and go to his brothers and say, "I was there. I was there." Make sure that you accept Christ. Make sure you accept God. Repent. You don't want to go there. He'd shake his brothers, wouldn't he? You got to hear me. You got to hear me. Maybe they're drunkers and smokers and drugs and adulterers and everything else. And you can't do that. Give your life to God. He'd all of a sudden become a missionary. He said, "Testify. Testify." He testify. How many believes it's an honor to testify about God here? Amen. This is people are hearing this now. God came in our generation. He does miracles among us. He did it in brother Brandham's ministry. So many people raised from the dead. Where is everybody at? God did raise people back up, but they still won't hear it. still won't take the opportunity to accept the privileges that God has for him. Amen. That's right. Listen, his visible evidence shows us that he's here with us, working, moving, acting just like he always has and always did. What a privileged people we are to have this. Oh, we ought, he says, to hold fast to these things because how shall we escape if we neglect so great uh salvation? How many know this generation will not neglect and will not escape judgment for neglecting and rejecting what God did in this generation. Amen. Did you ever stop to think what a privileged people we are of this day? Living in the closing of this world's history. Living in a time when all kinds of isms and creeds and things is going on. And yet in the midst of it all, our God rides on the waves and confirms his word right before us. Thank God that he rose the wave with healing in his wings. power of God. Signs in the skies, signs in the cameras, signs in the congregation, signs and wonders everywhere to give you that confidence to know that God is real. Praise the Lord. That's right. Now, we're just gloriously and very, very thankful for what he has done for us. The great mysterious hand of the living God. What greater thing could be? How much more of a privileged people could we be than been to have him, the presence of the King in our midst, the Lord of Lords, the King of Kings. How many believes that the greatest thing that you can have, the greatest privilege that you have is not just coming to church here, hearing sermons, but it's that Jesus is living with you. Jesus is living in you. He goes home with you. He goes to bed with you. He drives in the car with you. He goes everywhere with you. That's the greatest privilege we have is to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our hearts. That's the greatest privilege. What a privileged people we are. Satan hates that. That's why he tries to get you to mess up to grieve the Holy Ghost somehow. Give him a black eye if you have. Repent. Say, "God, I repent. take come back into my heart. What greater a privilege? Amen. Why? We would probably blow whistles and white flags and lay down on carpets and everything if the president of the United Nations comes by. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. But what a privileged people. Remember sers what time it is. Something's fixing to happen major. The whole nation testified. Newspaper, the Associated Press. Amen. Hello. They all packed it. One of our healing magazines, everything else testifying about it. It's all over and yet again. But what a privileged people that the Christian is to know that in this dark hour when there's no hopes. How many know Reb says there's no hope for this world but fire? There's no hope for this world but the coming of the Lord. How many believe that it is such a privilege to know that you are anchored that you have got a hold of that rope, that one hope, just one hope. That's the only thing that's left is the hope of Jesus Christ. And you've got that hope. What a privileged people. It's going down, but you're not going down with it. You're going up. We're going up, not down. Woo! Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. How many glad for that? I would say I'm sorry for getting a little emotional, but I'm not sorry. I think it's okay. Don't you? That's right. No hope. According to science, there's an atomic bomb waiting for us. No hopes in the our organizations of ever getting together. Amen. When all of our hopes that way is gone in our economy. Amen. But those who love God and are looking for the reality, the very God who made the promise in the Bible, Amen, spreads it before our face and makes the church, the people, the science, the magazines, and everything. Recognize it. It's there for the whole world to see. They ought to have this on television every day. They ought to broadcast this. They ought to broadcast that. what God has done in our generation. They ought to be playing the tapes. Amen. It's instead of showing Hollywood, they ought to be playing the tapes to the world. It'll be a different place. This world be a different place. Our young people will be a different place. Elon Musk the other day says he said he stays up at night and whatever. He says, "Humanity is dying." And I wanted to pull a quote up. Brother Bam says, "Man, if our teenagers go the way they are, Amen, in the next generation they'll become extinct." He's exactly right. Humanity is dying. But here's a group of people getting ready to Aren't you glad that you're that one of that front of you? Our morality is not dying. Our shield's not dying. Our love ain't dying. Hallelujah. In closing. That's right. If he could have had just another opportunity, another privilege. All those How many knows? All those in hell. Michael Michael Jackson. Thank you. Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley. Can you imagine them guys if they right now over there, they get another chance? Sure. There's nothing there, folks. For what I from what I from what brother Brandham tells me I'm glad he brings the thought. Brother Brandham says you know hell it's not just about a literal fire say he says a literal fire would be a pleasure that what he said compared to what that is. I don't know about you but I don't ever want to feel it. I never want a taste of that. I don't want to know. I don't ever want to know what it's like there. No God there. No peace. No joy. There is something else. There is something there. You know what that is? Remembrance. Brother Brand says there's hell. There's remembrance in hell. There's remembrance in the grave. Remember in thy lifetime. Yeah. You had it good and th had it bad. everything. And there they sit. There you sit. Knowing there they sit, billions of them, knowing that they're going to be raised up, that they're going to have to stand before God and give an account for everything they have ever done. I want to say I I imagine going beyond the curtain of time. I imagine going over there is convincing to people to realize, hey, there is a God. I'm not even dead here. Isn't it something people that'll kill themselves and realize they didn't die? They just went in the most terrible worst place. Yeah, it's a mistake. Amen. All right, let me stay on track. No hopes in the economy and so forth. No hopes in the economy. Mega, make America great again. I like the slogan. I like it. But, Brother B, you're political. I am a little I'm an American. All right. They're sure political. They're burning cars for their politicalness. Burn them Teslas, right? So, if I burn them a little bit up here, it'd be all right. Make America great again. Oh, it's a Nazi. It's Nazi symbol. Really? Really? Make America great? It's a Nazi. What? How brain dead are you? That's really what he wants to do is make America great again. And you call it Nazism. I sure don't need you up in there. Oh boy. How do you like how much money they stole? They stole a bunch of money. How many times did they got another spending? Oh, one of them was to what was it? To boost the economy or something. It wasn't to boot the economy. It was to boost the pocketbook. Oh my. But how many knows he's not going to get to do it? No. Make America great again. I hope he does. Make it just a little bit better. But it's already going south with all these judges we got. But I want to make a statement. Can I say something? I'm not looking for Mega. I'm looking for Jesus to make this world better again. Make the world better again. Give us a better world again. And he's going to restore it and take it back the way that it was supposed to be. Hallelujah. How many knows he's going to do it? He's going to renovate this world. Say it with me. Amen. He's going to renovate this world. All the sin, all the sinners, all the sicknesses, all the diseases, high blood pressure, cancer, tuberculosis, it doesn't matter what it is. He's gonna burn it all. And we're going to come back here on a new earth, a new heaven. How many's looking for that? That's real, folks. That's the privilege that you and I have of looking forward to a new heaven and a new earth. Make the world great again. Jesus is going to make the world great again. And it's going to be with somebody else. trump. The trumpet shall sound. Ain't that right? The dead in Christ shall rise. We which are alive remain shall be caught up together to meet the Lord in the air. So shall we ever be with the Lord. How many thankful that you are one of those privileged people. Don't be underprivileged. Accept all that God has done for you. Amen. That's right. Rates real high. That's right. I want to be a privileged person. Who was it? Dale Potter, brother John probably remembers what Dale Potter used to say. He says to the UPC, United Pentecostal Church, he says UPC stands for underprivileged children. Underprivileged Pentecostals. Yeah. The Pentecostals are underprivileged. You know why? Because they loved the gift more than the giver. The Pentecostals love the gift of speaking in tongues. That's the evidence. If you don't believe that, I don't care how much discernment you have. I don't care how Jesus comes and discern the thoughts and we reject all of that. We're hanging on to this gifts that we have. Does that make sense? That don't make a lick of sense to hang on to the gifts and reject the giver. We don't reject the gifts or the giver. I don't know about you, but I want the giver. I want the Holy Ghost. I want Christ in my heart. Amen. and all the privilege that comes with it. God bless you. Let's stand and bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we come before you humbly reing into joy. Father, that you have given your children, even your prophet said you want your children happy. Just as parents want their children happy, you want your children happy. Then your prophet taught us we ought to be the happiest because we're not following some cunningly devised fable. We're not following Thomas Ber or any other message preacher. We're following the message they bring to us and that is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. We're following the vindicated word of God proven. We don't have to wonder, well, is this right? Is that right? You came and you proved what's right. We've been taught to stay with the Bible, stay with what the prophet said. And we want to thank you, Lord Jesus, for the benefits that you give us on Calvary. No wonder, Lord, that you said, "Do this in remembrance of me." how we want to bow our heads, how we want to bring uh honor and respect to all of those hundreds of thousands more than what we can imagine died more brutally than we can imagine in the seas, in the oceans, Pearl Harbor, and all these places where they're buried in ships where they gave their lives so that we could be free. We would remember all those people. God bless their souls. But Lord, we would think about you, Father, of how hard it was for you being completely forsaken by man. All of humanity. There was nobody stood with you. But yet you came, you sacrificed, you gave your life. It was hard, but you gave it freely. You purchased it our salvation on Calvary Street and you said just do in remembrance of me. Father, we remember what you did so that we could have all the benefits, so that we could have all that we have and the freedoms that we have. And today, this morning, we remember you, Lord, for we realize that we would not be here. I would not be standing. We would not be sitting here. This church would not exist. We'd be scattered out there somewhere under a curse somewhere if you wouldn't have sent Malachi 4 and come down the way that you did and proved yourself alive and real. And I pray this morning that each and every one of your children this morning would possess the Holy Spirit. They would possess you, Father, in their hearts. that peace that comes with you, that joy that comes with you. And Lord, if there's any in here that hasn't accepted you, haven't committed their life to you this morning, may they raise their hands now and say, "God, I want to accept you in the name of Jesus Christ." God bless those hands. God bless those hands. God bless you, Lord Jesus. Bless every hand that's up, Lord. They receive you, Father. Lord, they want to be a beneficiary of what you have done for it, Lord, so that they can be privileged to be able to escape the wrath that is to come. They can be privileged to walk the life that they now have with you, Lord Jesus, in peace, forgiven of their sins, washed in the blood of Jesus Christ. Father, I ask this morning, Lord, you take this little message that I feel you've laid upon our hearts and help us all to appreciate the sunsets. Appreciate God every breath that you give us. Appreciate every benefit that you have given us Lord and not be negligent but to remember the gospel that was preached to us and not be slothful Lord Jesus but to be perseverant in serving you. Make us more like you and draw us closer now in Jesus name. Amen and amen. God bless you church. God bless you brother. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you deserve the [Music] glory and the [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. You are great and you do miracles so great and there is no one else like you. Lord, there is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one else like you. You are great. Oh, you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. And my hope is in the Lord from this time on. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. One more time. My hope, oh my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more, all my hope is in the Lord forever more. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the anges lies. For whom the raing of the sea subides, the livinging [Music] sacrifice, the only source of life, my hope, give in the Lord from this time on and ever more. All my hope is in the Lord forever more. And his tender mercies come with every rising sun. To meet the sinner in his [Music] brokenness. To offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope, my hope is in the [Music] Lord. From this time on and ever more. [Music] Oh my hope is in the Lord forever [Music] more. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. All of my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. The same God is living in me. The same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging Red [Applause] Sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. We sing the chorus again. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red [Music] sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. And I look back on history, see the mighty God unveil. He's proving over and over. That his word can never fail. But I can keep on dwelling on some past meories. Cuz he's the same God who's living in me. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. And it's the same God who created all the heaven and all the earth who came back living in Jesus. There was power in his word. But now in these last days, I'm beginning to see. Oh, that it's the same God who's living in me. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose wonders too many to tell. The same God who parted the raging red sea. Oh, he's the same God who's living in [Music] me. Amen. What a revelation this morning. Amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song before we go. My God is real. He's real in my soul. There are some things I may not know. There are some places I can't go. But I am sure of this one thing. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. My God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. And his love for [Music] me is like your gold. And my God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. And some folk may doubt. Some folk may scorn. All can go on and leave me alone. But as for me, I'll take God's part. And God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. And my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. And my God is real. For I can feel him in my soul and I cannot tell just how it felt when Jesus took my sins away. But since that day, yes, since that hour, God has been real. For I can feel his holy power. And my God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. Sing it again as you're dismissed. My God is real. He's real in my soul.
