################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/22/25 • Sunday • More Abundant Life - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/22/25 • Sunday • More Abundant Life
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4K5NTFJZi0
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning, brothers and sisters. We'll just stand this morning. Maybe brother Joe will open us in prayer this morning. Hel. relax, our children. In all reality, we don't know what Amen. Children can be dismissed for Sunday school. And if you'll go with me in the Psalms, we're going to Psalms 123. And we're going to read uh chapter 123 and chapter 124. They're just small little chapters. It is good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And you know, uh, great Jehovah God seen seen the situation this morning. He's seen everyone that would be sitting here and he knows everybody's needs. Thought just sitting back there. I'm sure needy. I need him all the time. I have all kinds of issues and situations that come up and and I need the Lord every day. and he knows all about it and he's here to meet him this morning. So, we're in Psalms uh 12, chapter 123. Unto thee, lift up mine eyes, oh thou that dwellest in the heavens. Have mercy upon us, O Lord. Have mercy upon us, for we are exceedingly filled with contempt. If it had not been the Lord who was on our side, now may Israel say, Then they had swallowed us up quick when their wrath was kindled against us. Then the proud waters had gone over our soul. Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers. The snare is broken and we are escaped. Our help is in the name of the Lord who made heaven and earth. God bless. You may be seated, brother Brian. Morning, brothers and sisters. Hope you've all had a good week. God's been good to you. If you would turn with me to um I was about to say something. I know I do this all the time. I'm not going to say it. If you turn with me to Thessalonians, excuse my pronunciations. Thessalonians 2 chapter, second book, third chapter. You know, I was sitting there thinking this morning. We were talking in the back room and I was listening to a message from brother Brandham this morning. Um, and I was thinking the whole world we we say it a lot or I say it a lot that you know the world is a crazy place and it's headed to destruction one day. But I was thinking in the world that you can make an you can make a biblical example of what's going on in the world. If you go back to Genesis, then you go to the first five books of the Bible. What's in you? Human nature always wants to look at the backside of a nation, the backside of a church, the backside of a family or an individual. They want to look at the backside. They want to look at the faults, the things wrong. They look at those instead of what's good about it. They don't always want. And I was thinking, you know, the children of the scripture says, "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem." The scripture also says, "I will bless those that bless you and I will curse those that curse you." And you can't get away from the prophetic voice of God. And I was just thinking, you know, all the people around Abraham's day, did they look at his positives or did they look at his negatives? In the days of David, did they look at his positives or did they look at his negatives? And Moses and Abraham, you know, you think and you think of the current situation in the world. If you were to say those two half of the world or maybe twothirds of the world would go mad if you say that the children of Israel are God's people, they're the people that he chose from the foundation of the earth to be the only nation that he would deal with as a nation. We are a bride. We are a group that God deals with as individuals. And what strikes me, you can see the kingdoms in the world right now. You can see how they look at Israel. And I think it's no different than the children of Israel. It's no different than Moses when he was in the wilderness. When you deal with Moab, Aean, all those other nations, what did they look at? They looked at their faults. They didn't look at the promise that God gave that people, gave that nation, that they would prosper. They were looking at the negative, not realizing that God was going to keep his promise no matter what the circumstances were. And when you think of Bellum, you know, he couldn't curse Israel. He only could speak and prophesize good for the nation of Israel. And I was listening to brother Brandham this morning and I was he was, you know, we all count on the promises of God God in our life. All the things the good things that God does for us. But do we keep our promises to God? Do we do what God asks us to do? We always want God to do things for us, but we do we do the things that the scripture tell us to do for him. And a lot of a lot of times everyone wants everything and they don't want to do anything for it. But let me just read and I was just think if you look at Abraham's life, he made mistakes. You look at the nation of Israel, they make mistakes. But it's hard for people to realize that it's a promise that God gave that nation that they would be there at the end and they would be a nation at the end. No matter what the mistakes are, the promise is still on them this morning. So you you can't you can't go against those promises and and they're going to be there. So, I was just thinking of the sc uh I was just thinking of what brother Brandham said and then thinking of the scriptures this morning that are in the Bible and what brother Brandham said and what the Bible says will happen to bring about those events. We we also we know that they have to have those two prophet ministries. There's several things other things that still need to happen. It could happen tomorrow. It could happen tonight. But there's promises that still that they have as a nation that are still going to come to pass. Let me just read this here this morning. This is what Paul said here in this third chapter of 2 Thessalonians. Finally, brethren, pray for us. The word of the Lord may have free course and be glorified even as it with you. that we may delivered with unreasonable and wicked, excuse me, that we may be delivered from unreasonable and wicked men. For all men have not faith. And that's really true this morning. Not everyone has faith this morning. But the Lord is faithful who shall establish you and keep you from evil. So that's a promise this morning that he's going to do that for you. But God asked us to do things for him this morning. He asked us to love him, do his work for him, fulfill his word in our hearts and lives this morning. And he go, I'll finish. He goes, "And we have confidence the Lord touching you that he both do and will do the things which he had commanded you. And the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God and into the patient waiting of Christ. Now we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you withdraw that you withdraw yourselves from every brother that walketh disorderly, and not after the tra traditions which we he received of us. For yourselves know how we ought to follow us. For we have behaved ourselves, excuse me, I'm not reading this right. For you, for yourselves know how we ye ought to follow us. For we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you. So Paul's basically saying, we followed the true word before you. Neither did we eat any man's bread for not, but wroth with labor and travail night and day that we may not be chargeable to any of you. Not because we have not the power but to make ourselves an example on to you to follow us. For even when we were with you, this we commanded you that that if you would not work, neither should you eat. I I mean that scripture you could apply that all across this country this morning. And it goes on for you here. There are some walk among you disorderly walking not after all busy buddies. Now now them that are such we command and exhort by our Lord Jesus Christ. With quietness they work and eat their own bread. And then this real I'll I won't read this whole chapter but I'll just finish with this verse. Be ye brethren, be not worry and welloing. And I was just listening to that message this morning. And brother Brandham is talking about how we're so benefited, how we're so blessed every day of our life, the things that God does for us. And he was also what he was trying to get to a point when you make a promise to God that you're going to do something for him, you need to keep it this morning. And he was talking about that one promise where he said he wouldn't he, you know, he wouldn't kill game for other people anymore. And he kept that promise. But you know, I've made promises in my own life. The things that I needed to do for the Lord, have I kept those promises? It's really important that we keep the promises that we that we have. Whatever you promise God that you're going to do, it's really important you do the things that God asks you to do. The promises you give him. You know, I don't know what those are. I can only speak, like I said, from my own life. But God gave us a lot of problems. You know, I I'm the God that health all your diseases. Several promises in the Bible that we live by this morning. But I really think, you know, like I was saying about the children of Israel, you know, in my life, I've come short sometimes. I've not always done the things I needed to do, but God's had grace for me that I can see my fault, repent of it, and do better the next turn around. You know, it just you simply all you have to do is turn around and go the other direction. You know, I had a lot of things I wanted to say this morning, but I I'll just finish with this one thought. even as we see the condition of the world that it's in. I don't even want to talk about it anymore because you can say one thing one day and the next day it's gone 10 times worse. But it just lets me know as a as a Christian, as a Bible believing Christian, how important it is to stay rooted and grounded in the word of God. not looking to my right hand, not looking to the left hand. I'm just looking forward to the cross of Jesus Christ. And I was what I'm really trying to say is don't look on the faults of don't look on the backside of people or the backside of things. Always look for the pos that's what Paul said. Always look for the positive in any situation that you're in. It's it's just human nature wanting to pick at people's faults. It's just human nature. It's wanting to see the worst in people and not see the best in people. And uh I I know the scriptures tell us not to be that way. It's we always want the positive for people. We always desire, you know, like brother Brandham say, if I'm making a dollar, I want my brother to make $10. If if I'm driving a $100 car, I want my brother to drive a $500 car. You always want God to bless people more and abundantly above what you're being blessed. And you what I'm really trying then you wouldn't have a coveted spirit. You're just desiring to see God have his way in the hearts and lives of your church. And I you know like brother Brandham said is you know people say as the times get worse it's either going to do two things. It's going to draw either people closer to each other or it's going to drive people apart. And a Christian is going to want to be closer to the Lord and closer to his brothers and sisters, not further apart. Brother David, we just uh want to make a quick announcement. Um, we have some uh pamphlets that that was uh I guess brother Tommy talked to brother Timothy Puit about them. Uh looking for some more tools, witnessing tools and pamphlets, but we did get those put into the library. Just wanted to let everybody know. Uh they're really good. This one here is on the original sin. They were written by brother Timuit. And so thankful for men of God who can take and break down this, you know, the scripture scripture scripture and tie it all together. And you know because I get I ask I I get asked questions a lot and one of the questions is is how do I tell people about serpent seed? How do I explain people about brother Brandham? How do I explain? Well, this is why do we baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? It's not just Jesus Christ. It's not Christ but it's the Lord Jesus Christ. So it explains all that. So these are very good pamphlets. I want to make sure that you know that they're in the back and uh they're good tools to keep in your toolbox and uh we just want to be the what God wants us to be and use what he's given us. So, it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Are you happy to be a Christian? Well, that's pretty weak. Are you happy to be a Christian? God's been good to us. We He's given us beautiful, beautiful place to come and worship and we just want to take our time today and take uh the liberty to worship God. Praise God. lift him up and uh serve an omnipotent savior who has given his life. He's given everything for what I would call the cream of the crop. Brother Brian, if we're looking for the best in people, we got the best right here. So, God bless you. Let's worship the Lord this morning. Let's stand this morning. I mean, God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord and uh we're glad to have our visitors this morning. Uh Sister Robin, Sister Amber's with us and her family. We just appreciate them being here. And then uh I had the privilege of meeting Sue and Lance. They're in the back this morning. And we've got I think I figured it up. We've got like 10 families out this morning. So I thought, well, I'm glad somebody come to help me sing this morning. So Sue and Lance, that means you got to sing really, really loud. Alrighty. Amen. Brother Carson, would you pull that song up this morning? And my hope is in the Lord this morning. Amen. And how many's hopes in the Lord this morning? Amen. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the aes lies. For whom the raging of the sea subsides. A living sacrifice, the only source of life. Oh my hope. Yes, it's in the Lord. Yes, Lord. From this time on, forever more. Oh my is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with ever rising sun. to meet the father in his brokenness. [Music] To offer healing and forgiveness, those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. Oh yes, my heart. Oh yes, Lord. From this time on, ever more. Oh my is in the Lord forever more. Once again this morning. Oh yes. Oh my hope is in the Lord. Yes. From this time on forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing that second verse again if we could. His [Music] tender mercies come with a rising sun to meet in his brokenness. who offer healing and forgiveness and those who trust in him. Oh yes, my hope is in the Lord. Thank you Lord. From this time on forever more. Oh my home. Visit the Lord forever. [Applause] Amen. Aren't you glad your hope is in him this morning. Amen. I love that second verse. It says his tender mercy every day. It's not a one-time deal, folks. It's every day. every hour, every minute, every second of our life. My hope is in him this morning. Oh, I am thine. Oh Lord, I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. Yes, Lord. But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer drawn to thee. Oh, draw me nearer. Yes, nearer. Blessed Lord to the cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, [Music] nearer, blessed Lord to thy preious bleeding side and consecrate me now to thy ser Lord by the power of grace divine. And let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and my will be lost in thine. Oh, draw me nearer, oh nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has died. Oh, draw me nearer, oh nearer, bless me, Lord, to thy friend. fleeting side. And all the pure delight of a single loud before thy throne I speak. And when I kneel in prayer, and with thee, my God, I commune as friend with friend. Oh, draw me nearer, oh nearer, blessing Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Oh, draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy precious And there are depths of love that I cannot know till I cross the narrow sea. And there are heights of joy that I cannot reach till I rest in peace with thee. Oh, draw me nearer, oh nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou hast died. Oh, draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy friends. bleeding side. Amen. Is that your heart's desire this morning? God bless you. You may be seated. I'm sorry I kept you standing so long and just forgive us. Sometimes I I have to stand. So I just think you enjoy standing, too. But if if you ever feel like sitting down, you go ahead and sit down. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song if we could. The springs of living water this morning. Amen. Amen. I I just I just want to draw closer to him this morning. Amen. How many come thirsty this morning? Well, I thirsted in the barren land of sin and shame and nothing satisfying. There I found. led to the blessing cross of Christ when I came. [Music] Oh, and I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. Oh my soul they satisfy when I'm drinking at the springs of living water. [Music] Oh wonderful and bountiful supply. How sweet it is from the hills of God. It makes me glad and happy all the way. [Music] Now, glory, peace, all that I've drawn. Well, I'm shouting hallelujah every day. Oh, and I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, happy now am I. Oh, my soul they satisfy. Well, I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Oh, wonderful and bountiful supply. Oh, sinner, won't you come today to Calary? A fountain there is flowing deep and wide. The savior now invites you to the water stream where spirits be satisfied. Oh, and I'm drinking living water. Oh, happy now. I will my soul they satisfy. Oh, I'm drinking at the springs of living water. Wonderful and boundful supply once again this morning. Oh yes, I'm drinking at the springs of living water. [Applause] Oh, happy now. I will my soul they satisfy. Oh, I'm drinking at the springs [Music] to full supply of. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Are you thankful for that fountain this morning? Amen. Amen. Brother Daniel and brother Michael John and brother Paul, would you come take up the offering this morning? And like I said, we have a lot of folks out this morning. And uh we just want to pray that God will watch over them as they're gone. And uh also a friend of mine, uh Brother Truman Jackson, he called me yesterday morning and he asked me that we'd pray for him. He's been having some stomach issues and uh he goes tomorrow to they're going to run a he called it a camera. I guess it's a scope whatever they do down into his stomach and see what his issue is. And I told him that we would remember him in prayer and just pray that God will just move in a special way. And he's kind of nervous and we just pray that God will just quieten his spirit and give him a healing touch this morning. And also we want to continue remember sister Parish and Sister Peggy are shutins this morning and God bless you. I know they're they're streaming this morning. just pray that God will be with them and continue the many needs that we have and sister Janette that the Lord would continue to touch her body and sister Donna and sister Sherry and and my wife Janet and we just pray that God will just uh be with them this morning also and also brother Josh, sister Becky, and brother Steve's grandson. I just pray that God will continue to move in his life. And also uh my son text me this morning and he doesn't serve the Lord, but he he texts me and he said, "Dad, pray for me this morning." He said he needs a touch in his body this morning. and and I thought, Lord, he does need a touch in his body this morning. One that matters because, you know, if Lazarus died, but you know what? He died again. We might be healed and we might get sick again, but once God saves our soul, that's all that matters. So, remember Micah, my daughter Jennifer this morning and and I'm just going to be honest with you. I said, "Lord, you've blessed them. They both have good jobs and they both have plenty of money. They both do good, but they don't have what they really need. They don't have the Lord in their heart." And you know, like brother Brian said in Sunday school, if all we could have was a $100 car and they had the Lord, that's all that matters. I'd give everything I have to see him serve the Lord. That's my desire this morning because this world is going downhill and it's going downhill in heart in in a hurry this morning. So let's if you have a need on your heart, just might let it be known with uplifted hand. Brother Troy, would you stand and pray over the offering and these needs this morning? Amen. When the redeemed are gathered in this morning. Amen. Are you looking forward to that time? Well, I am thinking of the rapture in that blessed home. Well, with the redeemed, oh yes, our gathering in [Music] [Applause] [Music] when the readings are gathering in. Oh, in the reading our gathering in wash like snow and free from all sin. Well, I will shout and I will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, there will be a great possession. over on the streets of gold when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, what musical, what singing when the redeemed [Music] are gathering in. Yeah, when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, wash like snow and free from all sin. Well, I will shout and I will sing. When the redeemed are gathering in, saints will sing redemption store with their voices clear and strong. When the redeemed are gathering in all the angels for they cannot join that song. When the redee are gathering in well when the redee [Music] are gathering in oh wash like snow and free from all sea. Well, I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed [Music] are gathering in. And then the Savior will give order to prepare that banquet for when the redeemed are gathering in. and we'll hear his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redeemed are gathering in, oh when the redeemed are gathering in oh wash like and free from all sin. Well, I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gathering in. [Applause] Amen. Are you glad to be one of the redeemed? Let's stand and sing that last verse again if we could. Well, then the Savior will give orders to prepare the banquet when the redeemed are gathering a [Music] blessed Lord when the redeemed are gathering. Turn around and shake your brother's hand. When the rain go bless you wash like snow and free I'll sing. God bless you. Well I will shout and I will sing when the redeemed are gathering. And one more time. Well, when the redeemed are gathering in, washed like snow and free from all sin. Well, I will shout and I will sing. [Music] Amen. And let's give the Lord another hand of praise. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Sister Becky, you have a song. And Sister Amber, you play the piano also, don't you? You can just leave that set up for her after you get done. Anybody? [Music] You may not see a home in the sky by looking up. [Music] There may be tears in your eyes. Keep looking up. [Music] God will wipe your tears away and he'll bring a happy day. Lift your head and rejoice. Keep looking up. You may not hear. The angels sing by looking up. There may be clouds. There may be rain. Keep looking up. It won't be long. The sun will shine. Just give our Lord a little time. Turn your face toward the sky. Keep looking up. Keep looking up. Keep looking up. Your redemption draw it with like looking up when there's war on every hand and there's trouble in our land. All these things must come to pass. Keep looking up. Keep looking up. Keep looking up. Redemption draweth nigh. Keep looking up. When there's war on every hand and there's trouble in our land, all these things must come to pass. Keeping looking up. When there's war on every hand and there's trouble in our land, all these things must come to pass. Keep looking up. Keep looking up. Keep looking up. [Music] [Applause] It's good to have them here visiting. God bless you. God bless you. It's good to be here. Lord willing, next Sunday, I'm going to make all those girls on that row over there get up here and do a song for you. But, um, I'll sing this this morning. It's an old song if you know it. And Okay. Okay. God bless you. Can this come closer or is that gonna fall over? Sorry, those piano player types are so picky. Hey. Um, yeah. Stay. Okay. If this is an old song, if you know it and you want, you can sing along with me. I don't knock it over. That's good right there. Okay. [Music] How can I say thanks for the things You have done for me things so undeserved. Yet you gave to prove your love for me. The voices of a million angels could not express my gratitude. All that I am and ever hope to be. I owe it all to thee. To God be the glory. To God be the gloryy. To God be the gloryy. [Music] For the things he has done with his power. He has raised me and with his blood he has saved me. with to God be the glory [Music] for the things he has done. And may I live [Music] my life to be pleasing Lord to thee. And if I gain any praise, let it go to Calary. [Music] And with his blood, he has saved me. And with his power he has raised saved me. To God be the glory. [Music] For the things he has done. Oh, I thank my God. He has been faithful to God. Be the glory [Music] for the things he has done. [Music] God bless you. [Applause] [Music] Amen. He deserves all the glory, doesn't he? Amen. Where would we be without the Lord Jesus this morning? Amen. and let's stand and pray your hearts are ready for the word this morning. Enjoyed the song service and really enjoyed the specials and just pray that God will come and speak to our hearts now. And let's just sing that little song this morning as brother Thomas comes. Here's my cup, Lord. Fill it up. Is that your desire this morning? Oh, fill my cup, Lord. I lifted up. Come and quit this thirsting of my soul. Oh bread of heaven. Oh, feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. God bless you. Take me home. Amen. Oh, here's my cup of my lifted up Lord. Come and quench the thirsting of my soul. Oh, bread of heaven. [Music] Feed me till I want no more. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me home. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Good morning. Morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord again. Amen. Always a privilege and an honor to be able to assemble ourselves together in his name. Praise the Lord. God bless you visitors. Amen. Good to see y'all this morning. Trust. Amen. That you'll enjoy yourself in the house of God and that you'll be able to take something home with you. That'll be all for the music. Thank you all very much. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to continue on our thought. Amen. Once again, amen. Last Sunday, we spoke on the seven things that God hates. Seven things God hates over in Proverbs, I believe it was. Amen. And so, we want to kind of try to go to a little bit different direction perhaps, but it'll certainly come right off of this same amen theme, so to speak. Amen. So, amen. We want to remember better Steven L. He requested prayer this morning. So let's bow our head and talk to the author this morning Lord Jesus. We come before you father knowing Lord Jesus that all scripture was given by inspiration of God of you Lord. So and when we opened this Lord Jesus we ask God that you would help us Lord and give us the inspiration also Father to be able to minister your word to your people Father that we might go from here a better people than what we came Lord. Lord when we go out those doors Lord we wouldn't be the same as what we was when we came in. And Lord, I pray for that for each and every soul that has come into the house this morning. Lord, we may remember brother Stephen this morning. Ask God that you would just touch him in his need this morning. Lord, we know that you're the same God today, yesterday, and forever. And we believe, Lord, that you'll do something, Lord Jesus. For you said if you ask anything in my name, I would do it, Lord. Bless the meditation of our heart. Bless your word now. Anoint us and help us, Lord, to be able to minister your word in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Turn your Bibles if you will to Matthew once again. We'll just kind of pick up where uh a couple of the scripture maybe couple of the scriptures that we used last week. Amen. Amen. Amen. But I want to speak on a more abundant life. A more abundant life. Life more abundantly. Amen. Uh Matthew 6 and verse 24. Now, how many knows what how many knows uh how many masters there is in the world? There's only two masters. Amen. Only two. Amen. No man can serve two masters. For he will either hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon. In St. John 10 and 10. St. John 10 and 10. The thief cometh not, but for to steal and to kill and to destroy. I am come that you might have life, and that you might have it more abundantly. Amen. In uh Romans Romans 6, one more scripture and we'll let you have your seats. Amen. Romans 6 and verse 23 says, "For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord." God bless his word. You can be seated. Amen. This morning, praise the Lord. Now, that last scripture we read said that there's wages that come. How many knows that whether you serve God or whether you serve the devil, you get paid? Everybody gets paid whether you like it or not. Amen. God has put it in such a way in this world that you know there's uh two masters and you have to choose which one that you're going to serve. Amen. The decision is forced upon people. Amen. as I brought out a few weeks ago where we talked about how that God has given humanity a choice in that right and and I like what the prophet of God said one place he says you know God does not condemn the sinner for sinning for being a sinner you don't condemn him for that amen I thought you know and a certain scripture came to me about that how that you could actually justify that and how that would actually fit in Amen and in John 3 John 3 it says, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world." Amen. You know, he knows we're condemned already. He knows the sinner's already a sinner and he's not condemning him for being a sinner. That's not the purpose. Amen. Amen. but that the world through him might be saved. As brother Bam said, he see, you know, he don't condemn him for being a sinner, but this is the condemnation. Listen to this. He says, "He that believeth on him is not condemned, but he that believeth not is condemned already because he has not believed on the name of the only begotten son of God." And this is the condemnation that light has come into the world and men love darkness rather than light. Amen. So that's the condemn. The real condemnation is people like darkness more than they like. They love light rather than accepting that if you accept God, you accept Christ, he came to give us life. That's the purpose of his coming. So he condemns the sinner for staying a sinner. Why? Because he makes another choice. You had no choice of being a sinner. You were born a sin, shaped iniquity, coming in the world speaking lies. But he gives the choice. Amen. Of whether you'll stay a sinner or not. Amen. And the condemnation is that some people just love darkness more than they like light. Amen. Hallelujah. So God is good, isn't he? Brother Bren makes a statement several places. He says, "You know, we ought to be the happiest people on the face of the earth." And I've lived long enough now, Amen. to know that there's a lot in this world, Amen, to cause you not to be happy. Just the sheer responsibility of life. Ain't that right? Having to pay the bills and the grind of things and the aches and the pains and all the setbacks and everything that there is. Amen. It's a whole lot of reasons why not to be happy. Amen. If you aren't careful, you're going to be a grouchy old man, a grouchy old woman, a grouchy young person, a grouchy middle-aged person. Amen. Because why? There's plenty to be grouchy about, plenty to be sad about. But guess what? Jesus Christ came and showed himself alive in our day. Brother B says, after what he's done, we're serving a living Christ. We're not serving a Christ that stayed in a tomb, but we've got to resurrect the Jesus Christ that you and I serve. And he came to give us some things. The devil comes. He comes to give you some things. Isn't that right? He rewards you if you serve him. Sure. He gives you lots of rewards. Lots of freebies. Lots of free gifts he gives you. Oh my. He's such a terrible devil. I ain't going to say he's a good devil. He's not. But here are guaranteed that you'll get plenty of things. Amen. Amen. And you'll get plenty of rewards with Christ. The wages of sin. Amen. You serve that, it'll bring death. Now, we know that we as a human being, we're a triune being. Ain't that right? We're body, we're spirit, and we are soul. We have a body and spirit. Amen. That spirit you breathe in. Amen. Whenever you are born, if you don't take that breath of life, take that spirit in. Amen. You're still born, but you have a spirit. And then your soul, of course, is the real you on the inside of the inside. Amen. And the real you. Amen. We know that there's outside senses, the five senses of see, taste, feel, hear, and smell. And then there's the spirits. Amen. In that realm, it's conscience, imaginations, reasoning, memory, and so forth. And then on the inside of that is your soul. And it is only controlled by two things. One or the other. How many knows that? And that's either you're controlled by faith or you're controlled by doubt. Amen. Your life is run by faith or doubt. Man, I'll tell you what, you get in a situation where you might think there ain't no way nobody's ever going to come and save us out of this situation. Amen. One person will say, "Man, Dad, we ain't never going to get saved." The other person will say, "Yeah, I believe somebody's gonna find us." All right. Amen. You can smile with that, but listening to the other negative report, it's easy, amen, to be dis disheartened. That's the way it is with God. The devil tells you, "No, you're never going to be saved. You're going to die, and you're going to get put in the grave." But no, God says, "No, we're never going to die. He that liveth and believeth on me shall never die. Shall never see death." Why? Death means separation from God. Amen. That's what death is. Separation from God. Amen. So what we want to do with the help of the Lord for a little bit this morning, we want to look at the rewards of serving both masters. Is that okay? Let's just look at the rewards of serving these two masters. Only two. Now there's we of course we know there's many different gods. Ain't that right? Uh you know anything that anything that you put before God is your god or is an idol, something that you worship. But all of that realm, it doesn't matter what it is. It's all controlled by the devil. Amen. Let me just kind of put this in while I'm at it. Amen. A person that is serves the devil or the flesh. Hello. Amen. They they they live by see, taste, feel, hear, and smell. They live for that. But you don't. You live Amen. by the spirit that's on the inside of you. How many believe that? That's what we want to. God, take control of my spirit. Take control of my affection. Take control of my desires. Amen. My passion. take control of all of that. Amen. Now, I want to look at for a minute. Amen. First of all, let's look at uh uh Isaiah. Isaiah, we want to go to Isaiah 14. Amen. Isaiah 14. We read the part where uh uh last week where it says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning? How art thou cut down to the ground which did weaken the nations? For thou has said in thine heart, amen, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit upon the mount of the congregation and the sides of the north. I will ascend above the height of the clouds. I will be like the most high. So, we took pride. You know, that's one of the things God hated was pride. Amen. Right? And the way up is down. He lifted himself up. Well, he's going to be brought down. Amen. I would be like the most high. Yet thou shalt be brought down the hill to the sides of the pit. And they that see thee shall narrowly look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, This is, is this the man that made the earth to tremble, and did shake shake the kingdoms, that made the world as a wilderness, and destroyed the cities thereof? Amen. Let me ask you something. Have y'all seen Gaza? Have y'all seen how it's just wiped out? How it just the city is in rubble? Right. Just in rubble. Who do you reckon did that? Amen. It was God's people that was defending themselves against people who slammed through the gates with big old dozers and come over and killed what 1,200 Israelis, women, children, babies, just slaughtered them. One thing I want to remind all of these people that are for that, remember who broke through. Remember who started this war. It wasn't Israel that started the war. Amen. But what was it? It's an evil people that do something like that and end up just dating everything destroyed. Which brings it right back down here to Isaiah who destroyed the cities. How many know the devil is a destroyer? Oh my. That's right. He comes to kill, to steal, to destroy. Jesus comes to give us life more abundantly. How many is that there's something more? There's so much more to live for than uh clothes, food, shelter. Amen. And take taking care of ourselves. The Bible Jesus said, "Labor not for the meat that perishes, but labor for the meat that endures unto everlasting life." Don't worry about the body and so forth and what you shall eat and so forth. The heavenly father knows that you have need of the things. Amen. Praise the Lord. So a man's life does not consist of the abundance of things that he possesses. You know, I've been ran across I have ran across in the Bible so much is about about covetousness and how covetousness is evil. Amen. Amen. And I thought, Lord, help me to not be so covetous that we want this and want that and want the Don't be so covetous. Amen. Amen. Covet earnestly to Beth things. Isn't that right? That's the things of God. Now, let's get to our point here. He says, "Who made the world as a wilderness and destroyed the cities thereof that open not the house of his prisoners." Amen. Some know that the devil can't even release his prisoners. He can't set you free. He can't give you joy. He can't give you peace. He can't deliver you. He don't never open the house of his prisoners. How many know I'm so That's why we says once like a bird in prison I dwelt. No freedom from my sorrow I felt. But then Jesus came and listened to me and glory to God. He set me free. How many believe Jesus is the deliverer? How many glad that when he comes, what he brings is deliverance? Amen. I'm so thankful for that. Aren't you for that deliverance? Amen. Praise the Lord. No matter how deep we go in Christ, how mature we become in here, how much we understanding we have of his mysteries and of his plan, when we get over there, when we are in our cabin somewhere, hello. We're way down in the hollers of heaven somewhere. Amen. it all. We'll always be thankful for what God did for us. We'll always look at how he delivered us. How he snatched us from the power of the devil and translated us. How did he change us? We'll always think about amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Amen. Cuz if the devil had his way, I would have hair down to my shoulders. I'd have tattoos. I'd have a Budweiser in my hand. I'd be miserable as I'll get out. Hello. That's how the devil crowns his. But it's the amazing grace of God that I don't have to be a servant to the devil. Amen. Let me tell you something. A lot of people think that they want to live their own life, do their own thing, serve the devil, and and so forth, and then God take them on to heaven. That's not going to happen. Amen. In Philipp Colossians 1 and verse um we'll start with verse 13. who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. How many believe that God has brought deliverance to us? Delivered us from the power of the enemy. Caused us to escape the corruption that is in the world. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. Aren't you? Amen. Praise the Lord. God is good, isn't he? I am so glad that he delivered us. Amen. Amen. We should be the happiest people on the face of the earth. The happiest people. Amen. Because that's what he came to bring. I know it's a joy. God came to bring us joy unspeakable and full of glory. What are people like that serve the devil? What are they like? If you want to turn to Romans, you can. Romans 2 or Romans 1 and verse 21. We'll look at what people that serve the devil are like, what they're like. Romans 1. And you know, according to this, the what I'm fixing to read, it sounds like these people who really became wicked as all get out actually knew God at one time. 1 and verse 20. Read with me. For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and godhead, so that they are without excuse because that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, and neither were they thankful. Doesn't the Bible say so much about in everything give thanks? In everything, be content. Be happy. Because the devil wasn't content in heaven. That's why God hates discontentment so much. He hates murmuring so much until I think 23,000 in Israel were killed when they went to murmuring. I looked up that murmur a little bit. Amen. Over in e Exodus and almost one chapter after the other, they murmured again. They murmured and God destroyed a whole bunch of them for their complaining and for their and guess what then they murmured right away again and said you got these people killed murmured them bought that still had the audacity to murmur after tens of thousands were killed for murmuring my you have to wonder what kind of a airhead they were what what in the world no wonder hello I'm going to go ahead and say it no wonder God didn't let any of them go Remember, none of them went in. Only two out of two million. It was their children that they said would be destroyed that went in. I'll take your children in, but you're going to stay out here and die. When Jesus come along, he says they're everyone dead. Brother Bam said that means eternally separated. They didn't make it. Over in Hebrews, it says that they have not known my ways. That God loves to test you. He loves to try you. He likes to put you in to prove you. Isn't that what he did with Israel? He proved them to see whether they really had faith or not. Amen. God will prove each and every one of us. Amen. See whether we have faith or not. That's right. Amen. I hopefully hopefully we'll get to it, but if not, we'll get to it on Wednesday. But I want to talk to you about Amen. that rest that God gives us. The rest. Amen. That anchor that God gives us. all the good things that God gives us. So much so that you are not well here I go. You're not supposed to worry about anything. You shouldn't fear anything, not even death. Amen. Okay. Now, let's look at let's look at this. He says, "They glorified neither were thankful but became vain in their imagination and their foolish heart was darkened. Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools." Amen. And changed the glory of the incorruptible God into an image made like unto corruptible man and of birds and a for-footed beast and creeping things. My my you just take for what it's worth. But aren't they acting like cats and dogs now? Putting litter boxes into schools and whatnot all making to God like, you know, we're some kind of animals. It's just terrible, isn't it? They served and worshiped the creature more than the creator. Amen. Blessed be God forever. Now notice in verse 28. Even as they did not like to retain God in their knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind. That's why I say it's a slim chance for somebody that's gone down that far. They've already been turned over to a rep probate mind. If God turns your mind, you beg for mercy. God help me. It turn it back. I don't know if you will or not. Hello. A rep probate mind to do though things which are not convenient. Being filled with all unrighteousness. Now, how much the Bible tells us that he that doeth righteous is righteous. He says be righteous. Amen. Even as God is righteous, we're supposed to be right. These are unrighteous people. Fornication. They're filled with it. They're filled with wickedness, covetousness. maliciousness, envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity, whisperers, backbiters, haters of God. I mean, know our streets are full of haters of God. Somebody just go out there and witness and try to say something, they'll spit on them and they come up at him and they want to kill them and oh, they would if they could. I mean, if they could get away with it, they'd kill those people that are testifying. They hate God. They're haters of God. Haters of God. Despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents. Amen. How many knows being disobedient to your parent is a terrible thing? without understanding, covenant breakers, without natural affection, implicable, unmerciful, who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death. That's what Paul says. Not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them. So Paul says that's the those people that are like that are worthy of death. What is it's the wages of sin and serving the devil at death. 1 Corinthians 6 and9 says know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Oh God loves us too. Homosexuals, lesbians, fornicators, wicked people don't love God more than nothing. They say, "Well, God loves us, too." You know, he'll No. Paul says, "All of these type of people, you're not going to inherit the kingdom of heaven." What kind of heaven would it be? I'd be looking for another heaven, wouldn't you? That's right. Listen. Be not deceived, neither fornicators, nor idolattors, nor adulterers, nor ephe in e in epheminate. Huh? At least that's what I think it's talking about. Epheminite. Amen. nor abusers of themselves with mankind, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revelers, nor extortioners shall inherit the kingdom of God. Are you ready for something? And such were a lot of you or some of you. Aren't you glad that you're not that anymore? Thank you, Jesus. That's what we were. We were all of that when we served the power of darkness. But I know God has delivered us from that power. Why? Because you can't never quit no thing. You can't help your nature. You got to have a nature change. You got to have a spirit change. That's why the new birth is so important. You must be born again. Jesus said, "You've got to." Why? Because that's that nature that people are trapped in. Amen. And you want to try to change yourself. You can't never change yourself. It takes the power of the Holy Ghost to change you. It takes a fire to come into your soul and change it and burn those things out. That's why the Holy Ghost is so necessary. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. But such were some of you, but ye are washed. How many glad to be washed by the water of the word? Amen. that we might be spotless in the sight of Almighty God. He comes and washes us clean, washes our guilt away. God washes our shame away. Washes our past away. He justifies us. Well, here's Oh my. Listen to this. Now you are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of Jesus Christ by the spirit of our God. How many glad to be sanctified, justified, sanctified? Praise the Lord. God comes and cleans your past, cleans your history, changes your desires, changes your nature. We were all of that because we were serving the devil. But such were some of you. But now you are washed. Praise the Lord. Listen, how many know the devil, the devil, he comes and he gives to you free of charge? Fear. Ain't that right? That's the first thing Adam and Eve discovered after they sinned was fear. They want to hid themselves. Amen. People don't want to go to church because they're afraid the preacher is going to preach on them and it's going to make them kind of scared. Don't be scared. No. Come into the presence of God and let God talk to you. Jeff, afraid of the voice of God, afraid of hearing the truth. He gives you guilt. He gives you condemnation. That's what the devil brings. He brings you sickness and pain. I mean, know every sickness and every pain that there is out there. Every fear, every anxiety, every depression, every discomfort is out there. That's what the devil come. The devil come to bring discomfort, not comfort. Amen. Amen. Depression, oppression, and confusion. Aren't you glad that light scatters the darkness? Amen. In this evening time, it shall be light. I believe I'm looking at suns. Amen. Amen. The stars, morning stars, rise and shine for your light has come. Jesus has come and showed himself alive after 2,000 years. He has proven what church he was in, who he was with, whether it was the Baptist or the Methodist or Pentecostal. Amen. But he wasn't with them. He was with his prophet. Malachi 4 even had his picture taken with him. Hello. And told them all to repent, get right with God. He brings torment. Amen. He brings anxiety. How many knows anxiety is torment? He brings that. That's what offer. You get it with him. You get weary. He brings weariness. But Jesus says, "Come unto me all ye who are weary and heavily laden and I will give you rest." Aren't you glad that Jesus he brings and takes that weariness away and he gives you rest? The devil brings war, strife, debate, all those things we just read. That's what the devil brings. High blood pressure, diabetes, cancer, death, hate, murder, deception, lies. He brings all of those things. But oh my, I'm glad that that's not the world that you have to live in. You ain't got to live in that world. You ain't got to live in that realm. You ain't got to live in the world of sadness because Christ came to give us joy, peace, love. Amen. Longsuffering, gentleness, meekness, faith, the Holy Ghost, his very life he came to give us. Some people will crawl down the road. Some people will beat themselves on the back with lashes and so forth. Amen. And do penance and act like they're trying to get righteous. How many knows people do that around Easter and stuff? They'll do all kinds of things. Hurt themselves, bring pain. Oh my. I don't want to laugh, but that's funny. Why? Because it don't do a thing for you. He took the lashes for us. He paid the price for us. And when he gives it to us, he gives it free. It's totally paid for. Amen. And it ain't doing you one bit of good to do what you're doing. Catholics. Amen. And the road the beads to rub and this that and the other. It don't do one bit of good. God never told us to have that and to do that. He said have faith. We're justified by faith. Amen. And that not of yourself. It is the gift of God. How many glad for faith? One of the first things that God has to give you, amen, to escape the escape the corruption that is in the world, amen, and to get away from these attributes of the devil. Amen. Is to have faith. How do we overcome this devil? How do we overcome this depression, this anxiety, amen, this fear, this doubt, this guilt? Through faith. How many believe that? That's right. Oh my. First John 5 says it this way. For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments. And his commandments are not grievious. For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. And this is the victory that overcomes the world, even our faith. Who is he that overcometh the world? But he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God. How many knows? He's the only way out. There's no other way out. There's no other way. There's no other truth. There is no other life. Jesus said, "I am the way. I am the truth. And I am the life. And nobody's going to come to the Father but by me." His words are true. Amen. That's right. There's not a thousand different ways. The Pope doesn't have a problem with all the different religions coming. He says, "We're all the children of God." Yeah, you're right. You are just the wrong God. The God of lies, the God of murder. That's whose God you really are serving. Amen. My my my. But that's the truth. God doesn't just take anything in. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad for that. Aren't you? The victory that overcomes the world is our faith because it gives us access to God. How many That's the only way that you can come to God. The only way you can please God is through faith. Amen. You can't please God any other way. He that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Amen. I know sometimes people say, "Well, I'm trying and I'm trying to find God. I'm trying to get with God. I'm trying. I'm trying." You need to try. You need to try until you're so miserable you don't know what else to do but to surrender to him. Cuz somewhere there there's still something holding back. When you completely give yourself to God, say, "I'm yours, Lord. My mind is yours. My body is yours. My future's yours. Everything upon is yours, Lord. I die to myself." God is obligated to give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost right there. He will give you the new birth right there when you're willing to die to yourself. Amen. He wants to see how serious you are. Amen. He may make it a little hard. You got to fight that battle. How many know that's the greatest battle is in the mind. Greatest battle ever fought is in the mind. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. So God comes to give us faith, gives us access to God. Access to God. Brother John, you sir, God bless you. Had a good trip. Good to see y'all. Isn't it something how here we sit? We think, well, we're just having another service. Brother Ber's preaching, another Sunday morning service, and you know, we'll go back home after a while and so forth. But do you realize this morning that for those of us who have the Holy Spirit that God is here? How many believe God is here? God is here in his people. He's here in my heart. He's there in your heart. God almighty is here. And all things are possible where God is. Hallelujah. Because why? He's given us faith to escape the corruption that is in the world to come. And he come to give us assurance. We're in a world, man, that we don't know what's going to happen next, do we? We don't know what's going to happen. You know, there's those analysts and stuff that, you know, if if it's so crazy, it's a crazy world. You read one news and it says, you know, half of the Arab nations, you know, they're not siding with Iran. And then another news says, hey, all the Arabs are mad. You know, they're they're going to stick up for Iran. They can't do that. You don't you got to watch what you believe, right? our Congress, half of them is against what Trump did and the other half is for what he did and hello Putin don't like what he did what we did. Don't you do that Trump different are saying look all this could happen and it could be the edge of World War II. Yeah, it could be. It could be the world edge of World War II, folks. How many knows it could get a lot more stressful? Probably will yet before we go, a lot more stressful for the world, a lot more closer to the edge. And isn't it something how Putin different times threatens to annihilate, threatens to, you know, you know, most of the time when people's fixing the fight, they talk about it first. They threaten it many times, but then eventually they do. It comes to it. And when they're talking about the sero when they're talking about fixing a nuke, you know, it's they're getting primed. One of these days they'll do it. But I can say this morning it if I knew they were going to blow us up tomorrow, brother Brad, those nukes are going to be flying through the air tomorrow. I'd say, "Well, so what? So what?" Why? Because there's a hiding place. That hiding place, that place of safety is not in the US. It's not in the dome. It's in Christ. How many believe we're safe from harm? Leaning on Jesus. Leaning on Jesus. Safe and secure from all alarm. You ain't got to worry about it because Jesus come to take away worry. But the B says the worry has no virtue at all. God doesn't want you to fear not. Jesus said, "Fear not. Never fear." The believer doesn't have any fear. Why? Because if you've got the love of God in your heart the way you're supposed to have it, you ain't got to fear one thing. I read a quote where better bam says, you know, even to the saintest of Christians, when death strikes him, sometimes we can buck at it. It can affect us. He says, but we don't have to fear. We don't have to fear. Why? Because we don't even have to fear death. Ain't that right? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Because why? Because we can't lose. How many knows when you become a Christian, you stop being a loser. That right. That's right. You stop being a loser and you start being a winner. You're a winner and you can't lose. a real born again Christian, there's no such a thing as losing. Let let me read you lead you to that a quote for a minute. There's many of those who have done crossed the great sea, the divide. I've watched them at the end of the road bury them. Just as sure as there's a God in heaven, I believe that if I'll live true to him someday in a better land, I'll be with him again. So that's the main thing. After all, what is life? We just don't know how long it's going to last. Just might be gone this afternoon. This may be our last time together. Did you know that? But whether it is or not, we can't lose. There's no way for Christianity to lose. You can't lose no matter what you do. There's no loss in Christianity. All that come to me. Amen. I will lose nothing. He don't lose. Jesus isn't going to lose you. If you're in his hands, there's no such a thing as losing. It don't matter. Even po uh Paul said, you know, we're cast down but not forsaken, persecuted, and so forth. All these things, all the trials, all the hardships, all of these things that come on a believer, but yet we don't lose. Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad for that? Even Jesus said, "He that liveth and believeth me shall never die." Amen. So he says, "But the B says, we can't die. We can't cease to exist. We'll always be." There was a time when you wasn't nothing or anything, but there will never be a time. But what? You'll be something somewhere. You're going to be somewhere from this, amen, through all the ceaseless ages of eternity. So now I just think about the sometimes when trials get hard and I hit snags like in life like everybody. Some hard trials have to pull hard to get through. But when I'm up against it, I just think of this. Well, what difference does it make? Amen. Praise the Lord. The Bible said, "All things work together for good to them that love God." Is that right? So maybe it's for my good, so I just go right on ahead and take it anyway. There's nothing can bother you. Even death can't bother you. Amen. Like the Apostle Paul said when they were building the scaffold out there, he said, "Oh death, where is your sting? Oh grave, where is your victory?" Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad that we can have that kind of confidence, that kind of an anchor? Amen. Like the woman that was coming across the ocean in a boat, big old ship, and that ship was about to go down. The captain says, "You know, in the next five minutes, we're either going to get through this storm or we're going to go down." She got happy and got to praising the Lord. And I believe they said, "Lady, you need to get to praying." If I remember the story, right? You better get to praying. She says, "I don't need to pray. I'm already prayed up." [Music] I mean, please. That's right. That's the way it is. Oh, there might be a World War II tomorrow. Oh, we better pray. What are you talking about? You better be prayed up already. You better be ready anytime. You better be ready to go, church. How many believe that? We want to be I want you ready. I don't want you to have to get ready. I want you ready because we don't know what hour, what time he's going to come. I'm telling you, and it's past time almost way late. How many knows it? Amen. Amen. Sometimes we think, well, I'm ready to go. I'm ready to go. Amen. Sister Janette, Sherry, Donna, when the doctor says there's nothing can be done for you, then you'll find out whether you're ready to go or not. It's easy to say that with your mouth. Amen. I don't say that you can't know it without that kind of situation, but that certainly will search your heart to see where you're at or not. I could give you a little testimony of something, but I won't at this time. But I'm here to tell you, I do know that what you want to do is have a goal that whether I live or whether I die, but Abraham says, "Sink or swim, what difference does it make?" Amen. That lady, back to the story, the lady says, "Pray." I already prayed. He says, "I'm a winner either way." Ain't that right? And she had a daughter that had passed away and went to glory. And there was another one in New York that she was going to visit. He says, "I'll tell you what. If we go down, I go see the one. And if I don't go down, I got to say the other one. That's right. How many believe that's where we want to be? Be ready. She was anchored. You talk about a shifting world and dissatisfied world and a chaotic world and a and all of these things, riots and everything else that's going on. I want to say that we as Christians, we don't even hear that. We don't even hear that. Why? Because we've come into the holies of holies. But Abraham says that curtain is soundproof. Every time we hear of something that seems to be like scary or oh this is scary, it don't scare the believer. How many knows we we're past that scare? You don't have to be scared. You don't have to be afraid. You just pity those people. There was a time when you was in rioting. You was in all of these chaos. You was in the devil's chaos. But now you've been washed. Now you're not. You're somewhere in a that has some a hold of something. Young people, you better get a hold of something that is anchors you no matter what happens because when you're younger, you could get scared a lot easier. Things may scare you a lot easier. That's why you have to get on your prayer bones more and say, "God, let me be so anchored in you that no matter what happens, Amen. It won't shake me. It won't move me." Remember, I think it said the other day when brother Bam says, you know, that uh that when the seals were open and everything, he says, "Now, what are we going to do? You know, should I sell my farm and all this, that, or the other?" No, just keep doing what you're doing. Plant your potatoes. Keep going right on. Don't change a thing. You shouldn't have to change a thing. Amen. You should be right where you are. Amen. Because why? Let me hurry just a little bit. Praise the Lord. How many believes that God gives us rest? We who are weary, come unto me all you who are weary and heavy laden. I will give you rest. Amen. Here it says, "And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Jesus Christ." Brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are good, of good report, if there be any virtue, there be any praise, think on. Two quotes, two scriptures later, Paul says, "Not that I speak in respect of want, for I have learned that in whatever state I am therewith to be content." Paul was happy even if they were trying to top his head off. He was happy because of where he was. No matter how hard a trials, how much things that we go through, how many storms there are, the believer is anchored in Christ, it doesn't move him. Amen. How many believes that we need to be anchor? We're so thankful for that anchor. How many glad for an anchor in this world? If there ever was a time for you to be anchored, it's now. And that anchor, that rock is Jesus. This rock is Jesus. Yes, he's the one. Amen. And come to church here every day of your life. You know, be a member here, pay your tithe, and be a good person, but you better have something deeper than that. You better have that relationship with Jesus Christ on a daily basis. Amen. You know, we think we need to pray more, pray more, take more time to pray. I was yesterday just doing different things and talking to the Lord and thinking and that thought came to me. You know, Paul said, "Praying always, always praying, lifting up holy hands." You should constantly be talking to the Lord, always conversing with the Lord Jesus. Keep your mind that way all the time. That's the only way you can pray all constantly and always be in prayer. Not that you don't take your time because I'll tell you what, I'll tell you, I'll just be honest with you. When I'm back there and certain times during the day and mornings, there's just something special to me about getting down on your knee. Getting on that chair and say, "God, I bow my knee to you." Hello. A special respect. Just bow on the knees. Say, "God, you know what I have need of?" Amen. I don't know. To me, it just feels good. It feels good. You can stand and pray, lifting up holy hands, or you can kneel and pray. But whatever you do is just have that constant prayer. So that would be my advice this morning to everybody here. Remember to stay in constant prayer with the Lord. Constant say, "Lord Jesus, when you're down the road, how how are you doing, Lord? Just speak to my heart." Amen. It's time to be ready. Amen. For what comes ahead, for what lays ahead because it is certainly very, very late hour. The storms are raging. Amen. I love this quote that brother Madam made. He says, he says, "I find around most Christian lives," he says, I hate to say it that way, but it's true. Most people that can profess Christianity, they just seem such have a hard time struggling, hard time trying to hold on. Yeah. I believe it's because of a lack of correct teaching in the Bible. There's no such a thing as holding on. He done the holding on. The whole whole principle the whole Christian principle is based upon rest. Amen. Didn't Didn't Paul said that, you know, they were keeping the Sabbath and so forth? He says, "But we have entered into rest." How many believe we have entered into that place of rest? What is that? That is Christ. Sure, we fight battles. How many know we fight battles every day? We're in a constant battle all the time. But we can say that we're resting. Why? We're happy. Those battles don't worry us. Don't make us frustrated and all of that and worry. No. Because we know he's got the battle. He's got this. You can rest in Christ. Amen. It's Amen. Because even Jesus said, "Come unto me all you who are weary and heavily laden. I will give you rest." You don't have to worry and struggle. You're just resting. That's all. given rest and you enter into peace. Amen. Oh my. How many knows that man when your mind is bothering you, when you have condemnation, you have no peace. You know you're not right with God, you don't have no peace. Any of us that's been Christians, if you grieve the Holy Ghost away, you know how miserable you are. Amen. You know it's miserable. When you ain't got that Holy Spirit in your heart, no peace. There's no peace for the wicked, sayeth the Lord. But when you've got it under the blood. Oh, the devil. He's Man, I'm here to tell you, he's got a the best bait caster. He's got the best fishing pole in the world. He loves to go fishing. The devil loves to go fishing. Amen. He will tell you now you know back in your past you know uh you know something that you did wrong and you can't even go back and make that right because they're gone or this that or the other and you know that's not right. Hello. How many know he loves to go? Praise the Lord. Hopefully you young people don't never know. Make no mistakes try to do everything right all the time. But if you do remember this. Get it under the blood. Say, "God, forgive me for that." Amen. And when the devil tries to do that to me, you know what I do? And the revelation I got is, "Do you really believe, Thomas, that the blood of Jesus Christ is powerful enough to erase that?" And I say, "Yeah, I do. I believe he's powerful enough to erase it." Say, "There, devil, let me rip your line. Get out of this pond." All right. You ain't going to pull that up. That's right. Just get on out of here. It sure it is. We know that every one of us, if there's something that you did wrong that you can make right, you're going to make it right. Isn't that right? If you can't, you make it right. Confessions from heaven. A revelation God gave me a long time ago. The Holy Spirit is sensitive. Why do you think he convicts you of the wrong? Can you imagine hope coming back from heaven and she had something to confess to Brother Brandham? Ain't that y'all remember that? And she come back to heaven and talking about when he went and got her those socks. Ain't that right? And he got her a rayon. He got them the wrong kind. And she never told him that you had gotten the wrong kind. And she made that right and says, "I never told you that, but I just wanted to tell you that." Come on, people. We do want things right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Can I have 10 more minutes? All right. How many knows that God does a work in us? He does a work in us. Praise the Lord. And uh I think it's in Romans here, the Ron the 8th chapter, one of my favorite scriptures. I like this. There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walked not after the flesh but after the spirit. Amen. See for whom he did forno he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn amongy brethren. Remember he says now you are justified. Now you are sanctified. Moreover, whom he did predestinate. Them he also called. Them whom he called, he also justified. And whom he justified, them he has also glorified. How many believes that in God's mind, you are already glorified. He's already got a body for you over there. It's already waiting. That's why you long for perfection. You come to church, say, "God, perfect me. Lord, show me my bad places because we're going to that body that's perfect. Amen. Listen to this. What shall we say to these things then? If God be for us, who can be against us? How can you lose? No. He spared not his own son, but delivered up for us all. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Didn't Paul says whether there's things present, whether it's life or whether it's death or the world to come, principal, all things are your everything is yours. That's the kind of gift God gives. That's what comes with the reward. Amen. That comes with the Lord Jesus Christ. Everything. The meek shall inherit the earth. Don't worry about your little this, that, or the other. Amen. driving to church. There's a brand new mansion of a house somebody built. Glad for glad they can. That's very nice. But I said, "Lord, I'm looking for my other kind of mansion. I'm looking for that other kind of mansion. That one will have to be maintained and maintenance and in time would crumble and fall like all the rest. But the body that you and I get, that mansion we get, it's going to be eternal." I want to tell you this morning, I believe it's time for us to get our turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face and start looking for a meeting in the air. I'm looking for heaven right ahead of us. I'm looking for a rapture right ahead of us. All the world's conditions, they're ready for tribulation. I'm getting ready for a rapture. Amen. What devil shall lay anything at the charge of God's elect? Who shall lay anything at the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifies. Amen. Who is he that condemnth? It's Christ that died. Yay. Rather that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, whom also maketh intercession for us. What shall separate us from the love of God? tribulation, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, peril, or sort. Nah, it is written, "For thy sake we are killed all the day long, but we are still unmovable." Amen. How many believes that the Christian is unmovable? Praise the Lord. I didn't get to read this other scripture. I wanted to read in Thessalonians, 2 Thessalonians. It says, "Now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that ye be not soon shaken in mind or be troubled." How many would say, "Lord, help me. Let me live that kind of life that no matter what comes, it don't shake me. It doesn't trouble me." Why? Because I'm completely in the hands of God. I'm completely resting in Christ no matter what comes. No other, no matter what my future is, God has me. Amen. Listen to what he says. Or to be troubled, neither by spirit nor by word nor by letter as from us. I don't know about you, if Paul write me a letter that was a little disturbing, I might get a little disturbed. But am I reading this right? Even if it's a letter from us, don't get shaken. Amen. Don't be disturbed in your spirit or your mind. Amen. Letter as from us as that day of the Lord of Christ is at hand. Reason I read that about justified, sanctified, amen, and glorified is I wanted to take one type here before we close. Brother Brandon been preaching the future home and he talks about how that the earth here is one of God's attributes. It was in his mind that he wanted to have a planet. He wanted to have earth. I mean, heavens and earth shall pass away. How many knows that it'll pass away? And whenever he drowned the earth in the analovian destruction, ain't that right? It was the baptism. It's the water baptism. The world got its water baptism under Noah. It was its justification. And under Christ, when Christ came and dropped his blood on it, hello. How many knows it was sanctified? That's right. He purchased it. He bought it. How many knows he done bought it? He owns it. It belongs to him. [Laughter] Aren't you glad that you belong to God? He done bought you. He done paid for you. I'm glad he done paid for me. The only He's the devil now is just a squatter. Only he who now letth will let until he comes to redeem his purchased possession. How many believe? Ephesians 1. Christ is coming to redeem what he has purchased. That's why you better be bought. You better be under the blood of Jesus Christ because when he comes that's the only thing he's coming for is people that has been under the blood that has accepted it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And so the reason I said that the earth is actually part of uh his attributes and it's not going to be annihilated is it? No. and you were one of his attributes. Even though where you were born in sin shapen in iniquity, but God had to come and do a work in you. That's right. He had to justify you. You had to get baptized in the water. You had to be sanctified. And you had to be filled with the Holy Ghost. You needed a fire to come down. Amen. Brother type brother Bam types this. Listen to what he says. He says, "Now in the end destruction, repentance then was brought by water. Then Christ came and shed his blood upon it to cleanse it. And listen, and then he comes next. He's the destruction of the world as it is now. All the sins that's in the heavens above, the prince of power of the air. How many knows that Satan is still the prince and power of the air? He says he wards off the blessings of God. And there comes thunderbolts of lightnings and strikes the earth and everything from the heavens, sheets and ice of rain and typhoons and storms. Everything comes from above which is is Satan, the prince and power of the earth. Say Satan will be taken from the earth just exactly like Satan was taken from you. I mean believe Satan has been taken from you. Those devils has been taken from you. Amen. They ain't got no right anymore. You've been delivered from the power of the enemy. Amen. Oh, he can tempt but he can get not again. He can't get a born again Christian for God from the foundation of the world forsaw him. Amen. Now notice by the same means he says for the world is one of his attributes just the same as you are one of his attributes. Amen. Now know he says because it was in his thinking in the beginning. Amen. Before he when he was thinking that he would have a world there would be a throne. There would be a king to be a redeemer. He was a healer. That was his attributes. He says, "Notice now." He says, "You Bible students, especially Dr. Levale and so forth looking at me." Second Peter the third chapter says that the word in the Greek means cosmos, which means the world order. Amen. Talking about the world shall pass away. Amen. With a great noise. The earth shall pass away. Melt with elements with fervent heat. See, doesn't mean that the earth, the planet's going to pass or be annihilated. He says, "But the cosmos, the politics, the sinners, the system, sin, disease, germs, everything that's wrong will pass away." How many believes that's what lays ahead for this world. All the sinners, every germ, everything that is wrong is going to pass away. Amen. And he uses the same phrase for a believer. Now listen. So he says that's right. All that's right. God once shook the heavens, but this time he said he would shake the earth. He shook the earth, but he's going to shake the heavens also. Then he says this time he will shake the heavens. For we receive a kingdom that cannot be shaken. You're Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, Amish, Menanite, you're in for a shaking. Your world is going to get shook. You better be in Christ. How many believes that? Amen. That's right. The eternal kingdom. Watch now. You know, when a man received the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he says, "There's a lot of noise around there sometime." Amen. They think that it's a shame to hear people scream and shout like that. He says, "You just wait till the earth gets her baptism." Amen. You talk about a noise. That's right. There was a great noise. Isn't that right? There was no more sea. See, this will change the whole surface of the entire earth. She'll burst and blow up into pieces all the outside to crust and for hundreds of feet below it. Amen. You wonder how God's going to make all these skyscrapers and all this stuff. Where's it all going to go? There's a lot of mess on this earth, isn't it? Well, I believe he's telling us just how it's going to be. Hundreds of feet below, it'll just simply be completely demolished. The atmosphere, the gases that's in the earth now where they're finding these missiles and can't get through the great sphere. Listen to this. The great sphere up there way up in some kind of sphere, there's all kinds of gases. Brother Brian probably knows it because all of this uh freon stuff, they're worried about the ozone layer, aren't they? Way up there. Where's all of this stuff going? It's going up there. Brother Brown says it's building up. Huh? Now you see why things are going to get hot. Amen. Gases and say all kinds of gases. They say, "And that'll burst." That'll burst and the holy wrath of God will come upon it and will cleanse it and will change the entire surface. Now notice Paul used it. If you want to put it down, he says in Titus 3:5, Paul is using the same word means regeneration of man. That man is passed from a sinner to a saint. Not completely annihilated. When a man's changed, he isn't annihilated, but he's a changed person. He's been changed from what he was to what he is. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. I've been washed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, what a difference it's made when the Lord has his way. How many's glad to be changed? I believe from glory to glory, he's changing me. Say, "God, change me. Have me ready for over there." Let me finish this. Heavens and earth have met. God and man is reconciled. A restored Eden has begun. All the curse is gone. Just like the curse of sin is gone when the Holy Spirit accepts you. Amen. How many believes that sin has lost its power? That's right. The desire for sin is gone from your heart when the Holy Spirit comes in. You are a restored person. Amen. Amen. And when the earth is restored by the same thing, there can be no more cursing, no more storms, no more winds, no more typhoons rather, rather man and God is reconciled. How many believes that a Christian Paul said, "Live in peace with all men as much as lith in you. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall see God." Why? Because the Christian is in living in a world of peace. Even though he's battling and battling there, but he himself is in a world of peace. Amen. How many believes that? Amen. Shouldn't be any volcanoes blowing. No storms and craziness and going wild and trouble on every side. Amen. Sure, we're trouble on every side, but not forsaken. We're locked in. God bless you this morning. Amen. Thank you for being patient with me. That's what the Lord laid on my heart. Lord, help us to be in there. How many wants to be anchored in there? Amen. So safe and secure from all alarm. Leaning on Jesus. Leaning on Jesus. Safe and secure. Amen. Stand and musicians if you'll come. Bow your heads. Close your eyes. Ask yourself if you knew you was going to be dead by tomorrow, would you be ready? Would you say, "All is well. All is well. I'm ready to go. [Music] Have you gotten anchored in Christ so much until when the storms are raging? Even as the prophet said, the storms are certainly blowing out there. The winds of war, the winds of unrest, the storms of hate, division. dissatisfied people, discontented because they haven't come to the one that causes them to be content. How many in here would wait if would just say, "Lord, take me deeper in you. Take me deeper in you, Lord. Let me hide myself in thee. Rock of Ages, hide myself in thee. Let me hide myself in this." God bless those hands, Lord Jesus. every heart no doubt in here this morning wants to be so sealed in. Lord, until the devil doesn't have any right. He can't go in there. He can't torment them. He can't depress them. He can't bring all these things into their hearts because they're sealed in safe and secure from all alarm. We ask God that you'll bless every heart this morning, Lord. Every hand that is raised, we surrender to you completely, Lord. We believe you with all of our heart, mind, soul, and strength. You are our all in all. And we ask God this morning, Lord Jesus, that you'll look beneath every hand and every heart, Lord, and help each one to be ready, Lord, to live daily ready. Live in peace, Lord, wherever they are in their homes, God, when they sit, when they eat, when they ride, when they drive, God, that they'll have that peace of God in their hearts that passes understanding. It's the very peace of God. It's the very peace that God possesses. May the each one of us this morning possess that same peace. The very joy that God possesses is on the inside of us because we have a portion of God in our hearts. And we thank you for this, Lord. And it makes us the happiest people in the world, Lord. God, I pray Lord, if there's any that is drugged down by the cares of life, that is still burdened, Lord Jesus, that is still weary, that is still troubled, Lord, and is not there, God. May they raise their hand, God, I'm not there, and I want to be. I want to be there, Lord Jesus, take, God, just now. Hands that are raised, Lord, that'll be honest. They're not where they want to be, and they shouldn't be, God, but they want to be. I ask God that they would be able to open their hearts and their minds by faith and enter there and say, "God, I'm yours." No matter what comes, no matter what the future holds, we hold the one that holds the future. Bless them now, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. I'm learning to live. I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to lead on Jesus. Oh, finding more power when I die. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Oh, I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to lean. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Finding more power than I've ever dreamed. I'm learning to lean on Jes once again this morning. Oh yes, I'm learning to lean. Learning to lean. I'm learning to lean on Jesus. Find me more power than I've ever dreamed. I'm yearning to lean on Jesus. The Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. Oh, with thanksgiving [Music] I'll be a living sanctuary where you done for you once again. Oh Lord prepare be a sanuary pure and holy tried and true. Oh, with thanksgiving I'll be a living sanctuary. Oh, in moments like these. And in moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you Lord. Singing I love you Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you, you love him this morning. Amen. God bless you. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord. And Amen. And remember the service Wednesday night at 7 o'clock. and amen. And come expecting to hear from the Lord. And thank you for our visitors coming. God bless you this morning. Amen. As we go this morning, let's sing that little chorus. If Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere. It's heaven to me. Wherever I'll be, if he is there, God bless you. If she's close with me, I'll go anywhere. Oh, it's heaven to me. Wherever I'll be, if he is there, I count it a privilege grace. his cross to bed. With me, I'll go anywhere. Oh, if Jesus goes with me, I'll go anywhere. It's heaven to me. Wherever I'll be, if he's there, I count it a privilege. [Music]
