################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-12 - Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/11/25 • Wed. • Testimony Service - Thomas Byler - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-12
Title:   Pastor Thomas Byler • 6/11/25 • Wed. • Testimony Service
Speaker: Thomas Byler
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBS40Z4vhR8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Down. [Music] Thank [Music] My lips shall praise thee. Let's stand. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands. Amen. Once again, if we could. Thy loving kindness. Oh, it's better than life. Thy loving kindness, oh it's better than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thee. Amen. Let's lift our hands to him tonight. I lift my hands, Lord, unto. Yes, Lord. I lift my hands, Lord. unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hand. Amen. You love him with all your heart tonight. Amen. Well, ain't God good? He's given us so many blessings undeserved. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him. Little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. [Music] Well, ain't God good? He's given us so many blessings. Undeserved. That's what we are. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and praise him for today, for tomorrow. Amen. You love him with all of your heart. Amen. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord and God bless you. It's good to see each and everyone out tonight. And we've got several out, but it's good to see you all tonight. And Amen. We just love the Lord. And Amen. We're going to ask Brother Austin if he'd just open the service in a word of prayer tonight. Amen. How many likes good news? Well, I'm going to read you some real good news. So, we went back to the for the results on Jonathan's latest scans and blood work yesterday. All glory to God. It has greatly improved. Thank God for his healing power. His word is so true. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's sister Alicia. Amen. Amen. You know what? We're in a battle tonight. You know what? We got the devil mad. So, let's just make him mad tonight and worship the Lord with all of our heart. How about that tonight? Amen. How many's glad he brought you out tonight? Amen. He brought me out of the miry clay tonight. Well, my heart was distressed. He Jehovah dread brown and low in the pit where my sins drag me down. Oh, I cried to the Lord from the deep my clay who tenderly brought me out to go down. Well, he brought me out of the marry clay. Oh, he set my feet above the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul to a song of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. Oh my steps were established. And here I'll abide. No danger of falling. While here I remain but stand by his grace until a crown I gave. Oh, he brought me out of the marrying clay. Oh, he set my feet upon the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. Oh, a song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song. Was a new song of praise. By day and by night, his sweet note I will raise. Oh yes, my heart is open. Oh yes, I'm happy. I'm free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescue. Oh yes. And he brought me out of the bay clay. Oh yes. He set my feet upon the rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. And I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. Oh, how free at home and abroad till many shall hear the truth and trust in God. Oh, and he brought me out of the marry place. He set my feet on a rock to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. Oh, a song of praise. Once again, if we could. Oh, and he brought me out of the marrying clay. And he set my feet upon a rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Amen. Are you thankful for that praise in your heart? Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't you just love You may be seated. God bless you. I'm sorry to keep you standing. I get all excited. And Amen. If you want to stand, that's okay. I won't be offended. Amen. And Amen. It's just good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And and I was just thinking I listened to the message Sunday and just thoroughly enjoyed that. we weren't here, but I I listened to it and and I just my heart just was just overjoyed and uh said, "Lord, just I just loved it." Amen. That's all I can say. And brother Brian, you were awesome Sunday morning, son. As the old saying goes in baseball, you hit a grand slam. That was just wonderful. And I said, "Lord, the spirit of the Lord come down the truck in Sunday school." And I said, "Lord, you sure know what I need." And God is so good, isn't he? My I just tell you, I love him. And the song, oh, I want to see him. Don't you want to see him tonight? I want to see him. I know he's here tonight. I want to see him. I want to feel him. Amen. Oh, as I journey through the land. for singing as I go and pouring souls to Calvary. Prince of flow and many arrows pierce my soul from without thee. But my Lord goes ahead. Please. And oh, I want to see him. Just look upon his face and dare to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice and cares all past. Home at last, ever true rejoice. Wait in service for my Lord. Dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. He has given me light. Well, Satan snares me. Vakes my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Leads whatever tide. And oh, I want to see him. Just look upon his face and there to sing forever of his saving grace and on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice cares all past ever to rejoice and wind in valleys. Though I look toward the mountain high, behold my savior there in the fire. With a tender hand I'll stretch toward the valley below, guiding me. Oh, I can see as I onward go. And oh, I want to see him. Just look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, oh let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last ever to rejoice. And when before me, billows rise from the mighty king. And then my Lord directs my bark. He does safely keep gently on through this world below. Oh, he's a real friend to me. And oh, I love him so. I know I want to see him. Just look upon his face. There you see. [Music] Well, on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last. Ever to rejoice. Amen. Is that your desire to see him tonight? Amen. We have a brother Daniel and brother Michael and brother Paul, would you come tonight? And we have a few prayer requests tonight and we want to take them to the Lord in prayer. And brother Glenn called me this afternoon and he said they're streaming tonight. Uh Sister Sherry's not feeling well. We want to remember sister Sherry in prayer and just pray that the Lord will just heal her body tonight and the Lord knows and also we want to continue to remember sister Parish. She's doing better and also sister Peggy and continue to remember sister Janette and Janet's doing a lot better. We're just thankful for the Lord for his healing power. Also, this request came in late. Says, "Please pray for Mansky's mom. Results come back. Uh, clear tomorrow of does that say clear? Am I reading that right? Okay. Tomorrow of cancer." So, we want to just pray that the Lord will move for her. You know, we were talking about Sister Parish, what the Lord's done for her with her par her cancer. We're just believing for this lady here that God will move. If you have need on your heart, you might just let it be known with uplifted hand and amen. Let's just sing that little chorus if we could. Touching Jesus is all that matters before we pray tonight. You believe that's all that matters is touching him tonight. Oh, touching Jesus is all that really matterers. And in your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch him. You must believe when you call on his name. Once again, if we could. Oh, and touching Jesus is all that really matterers. And in your life will never be the same. Oh, there is only one way to touch him. You must believe when you call on his name. Brother Daniel, would you pray? [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. That song come over my heart. I wouldn't take nothing from my journey now. Brother Carson, do you have the words for that? I didn't. Brother Carson, he's always there for me. Amen. Well, I started out traveling for the Lord many years ago. Well, I had a lot of heartache, had a lot of grief, and oh, and when I would stumble and then I would tumble down, and then I would say it wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Well, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil keeps me and he tries to turn me around. Oh, he's offered everything that's got a name. All the wealth I want. If I could still, I would take nothing for my journey now. Well, there's nothing in the world that could ever take the place of God's love. All the silver and gold couldn't by mighty touch from above. When my soul needs healing, then I begin to feel his power. And I'd say, "Thank the Lord. I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now." Well, I wouldn't take nothing. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil tempts me and he tries to turn me around. Oh, he's offered everything. He's got a name. All the wealth I want. World and fame. If I could still, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. I sing it again. Well, I wouldn't take nothing for my journey now. Got to make it to heaven somehow. Though the devil tears me and he tries to turn me around. He's offered everything that's got a name. All the wealth I want. [Music] Amen. And I believe everybody knows this song. So if you want to join and worship with me, just feel free. [Music] Just suppose God searched through heaven [Music] and couldn't find one willing to be the supreme sacrifice that was needed. that would buy eternal life for you and me. And had it not been for a place called Mount Calvary. Oh, had enough for the old rugged cross and had an open for a man called Jesus. Oh, then forever my soul would be lost. And I'm so glad he was willing to drink that bitter cup. Although he prayed, "Father, let it pass from me." And I'm so glad he didn't call a heaven's angels from my hands to pull the nails that torment me. Who had enough for a place called Mount Calvary? And had it not been for the old rugged cross. And had it not been for a man called Jesus. And then forever my soul would be lost. Oh, had it not been for a place called Mount Calvary? Oh, had it not been for an old rugged cross and had it not been for a man called Jesus. [Music] Then forever my soul would be lost. Then forever my soul would be lost. [Applause] Amen. Are you thankful for what he his work on Calvary for us tonight? Amen. Let's stand and sing that song as we get ready to change order the service. My hope is in the Lord tonight. And I just love this song. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. I stand in awe of the the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lies. For whom the sea subside, the living sacrifice, the only source of life. Oh my hope is in the Lord. from this time on forever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. I like this very well. His tender mercies come to me. Green rising sun to meet the sinner in his brokenness to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts are at rest. Oh my hope, God bless you. is in the world is my hope is in the Lord [Music] forever more. My hope is in the love from this time on and forever more. Oh my hope is in the love forever more. Amen. could give the Lord a hand. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's bow our heads as sister Becky would quietly play. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful, Lord Jesus, that Father, for some of us, for myself, Lord, that was many, many, many years ago, Father, when I put my hope, my trust in you, and it was forever more, Lord Jesus. And we're still in that forever more. Lord, we're so grateful, God, to have a God like you that we can put our hope and our confidence and our trust in. Lord, what would we do if we didn't have you, Lord Jesus? We would go crazy just like the rest of the world, Father. But Lord, we ask God tonight as we've assembled ourselves together. We desire, Lord Jesus, that you'll come down and let your Holy Spirit have the preeminence in service, Lord. We ask God that you would take every spin spirit under the control of the Holy Spirit. so that you could have your way in every testimony that's given, Lord Jesus. We ask God that your name would be glorified, that you'd be worshiped, Lord Jesus. That you'd be lifted up, Lord Jesus, and that the body of Christ would be edified, Lord Jesus, by the things that are said this evening. We commit this service to you now in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Tonight's a special night. Amen. And tonight's a special night. Amen. Y'all are in for a surprise and a treat that you probably weren't expecting. Amen. And it's probably not what you think, but anyway, it's going to be good. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Just good to see everybody tonight. And Amen. Everybody that could come out on a Wednesday. We do want to have You can be seated. Amen. Saturday, we do still plan on having the Ber Farm Fellowship. Amen. This coming Saturday. Amen. Starting at 10:30. They are calling for a 88% chance of showers, but it'll be dry enough down there that we can probably get on the banks and fish a little bit. And anybody wants to come and uh uh uh come earlier or whatever to get out on the lake or whatever you want, you're welcome to come. Amen. But I think for the majority, we'll just make it at 10:30. Donna, is 10:30 good? Start at 10:30. All right. We'll just start maybe at 10:30 and then everybody bring a dish like we usually do. If you would bring a chair, we're going to have a couple chairs. Uh maybe or a couple of the benches down by the creek. Amen. For you to sit on and a picnic table. Um so I wanted to ask a couple of the young men if you would. I've got my trailer out there. I need one picnic table and two benches if you would. All right. I need those loaded up after service if you could for me so that we could get those down there. Amen. But we're looking forward to it. Amen. How many loves to fellowship one with another? Amen. If it rains out, we'll go out to the garage and fellowship in the house and fellowship whatever we can find room for. Ain't that right? So hopefully everybody can come. Amen. I know not everybody can because we've all got something going. some somebody got something going, right? So, it's hard to get everybody to be able to come, but I I'm praying, Lord Jesus, just help the weather to be good. Ain't that right? So, amen. So, that's uh for Saturday. Amen. And um so, I want to, you know, you go back after preaching. Amen. And you I know Sunday I was looking for that punchline punchline quote. Amen. And I couldn't find it. So when I got home, I went to looking for it. And I said, "Where was that at? Where was my punch line at?" Amen. I found it. So if y'all bear with me, I'd like to finish the punch line. Is that okay? Talking about emotion, right? Amen. Emotion in church and and all of all that we do. Amen. And what Brother Brandham said about it. Amen. And I found it in the in the quote where he talks about we find amongst a lot of people where emotions and so forth is a lot of times there's people people that are super emotional. Of course, you know, uh there tends to be tattlings, backbitings, and things like that. Amen. And people spirit of men, women going amongst one another. Oh, this ain't right and that ain't right. And he says, most of the time it's the person that's causing the stir. That's not right. Ain't that right now? So, and it was right after that. It was the final, it was the finishing of it, amen, of that quote. Amen. Is what I was really looking for. See, because how many knows that God hates discord among brethren? Amen. Amen. And I thought our theme for tonight would be uh our theme tonight. Amen. In testifying is about edifying the body of Christ. How many wants to be edify the body of Christ? We don't want to be a cancer. We don't want to be a hindrance. We want to be do something that would edify the body of Christ. If you know something's wrong somewhere, whatever. Amen. You want to try to do it in the Holy Spirit way to build that up. Ain't that right? Amen. Certainly, we don't want to make things worse. But God hates discord among among brethren. Then brothers Brandham says, "Be reverent. Be holy. Love God." Now I remembered that he's going to end up with emotions. Be reverent. Be holy. Amen. And and I missed the part about how many brother Bam talking about uh how the church used to be sweet and loving, you know, when he preached the lamb and the dove. He says, "Make sure you always have that sweet and gentle spirit." Amen. Because it's easy to get that spirit I don't know it just because it it can be it can almost anything can cause your spirit to change can it? Amen. Whether it's problems or something major come up. So and it's hardest thing sometimes to keep your spirit from getting upset. Amen. So I believe part of spiritual maturity is keeping your spirit in check. Amen. He that ruleth his spirit is mightier than he that taketh a city. Amen. So, praise the Lord. All right. Not going to preach tonight, but be holy. Love God. Stand by him. He says, "And as long as you know that your life is divvying up with the Bible, with purity of heart, purity of thought, love towards your brother, trying your best to up the kingdom of God, and doing those things, dressing right, living right, talking right, going to the right places, then you can have all the emotions that you want. Amen. I thought that was a good punchline, didn't you? And everybody will believe it. Amen. Praise the Lord. I do feel, you know, I feel, you know, I I got to go by a little bit by feelings. You know, the prophet of God, he could come and tell you, you know, there's a change in his ministry, but I feel like the Lord's going to change my ministry just a little bit. I believe it's going to take a turn. Amen. And so, y'all pray for me. Amen. And uh you'll feel it. You'll know what I'm talking about. Amen. But uh it's just God moving. Amen. And I believe that I believe that God keeps moving us on and on and on and on and changing us. Amen. Because that's what it's all about. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Amen. I want to read a scripture. Stand with me. The scripture, how many knows, brother Brand? There may be different ones, you know, maybe brother Ed Wardo, maybe he'll read a scripture. I don't know. But I want to make sure we read a scripture because we know that no no service is complete without reading of scriptures. Brother Ram said, "I right." So in Ephesians 4:10 and 16. So tonight, Brother Ed, I uh if you take all the time, you take all the time. We'll take next Wednesday and have another testimony service. So just whatever God laid on your heart, testify, take your time. Amen. And then if you have time, Amen. of I'm sure that a lot of us have a testimony also. However, I have one before you. Amen. that I want to let have for the church. Amen. And it is it is quite a testimony. Amen. Praise the Lord. So in chapter 4 of Ephesians and we'll begin with verse 10, he that descended is also the same also that ascended far above the heavens that he might fill all things. And he gave some apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. How many believe that's what the five-fold ministry, that's what any of us wants to be is somebody that edifies the body of Christ till we all come into the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man, unto the measure, the stature, the fullness of Christ. Amen. And I can't help but think about Enoch. Ain't that right? That he walked with God and he was not. I can't help but believe that the bride is going to come to the place to where she walks with God and then she is not. How many wants to be ready for the rapture? That's what we want to ready be ready for. Amen. that we henceforth be no more children tossed to and fro and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slight of men and cunning craftiness whereby they lie in weight to deceive, but speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him all things which is the head, even Christ, from whom the whole body fitly jointed together, and compacted by that by that which every joint supplieth, according to effectual working of the measure of every part, making increase of the body, unto the edifying of itself in love. And uh without preaching tonight, that's scripture talking about uh that body, each joint fitly fitting together. You imagine trying to eat without arms, no arms. How many know there's people like that? They don't have any arms. That'd be a terrible, terrible, terrible way to try to eat. But Amen. the B the arm. Amen. It's wonderful have arm, but this wouldn't do much good if you didn't have a hand. Amen. We read the scriptures. You could keep you standing all night. But Amen. If you didn't have a hand, then guess what? How many knows those fingers serve a purpose? And that is the way you and I are sitting here tonight. Amen. At a local body of believers, each one has a part. And when everybody does their part, oh my, I'll tell you what, it just grabs that spoon just perfectly. It dips it right down in there. Amen. The mouth, the jaw opens. Just good. It's thankful for every part of the body. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, I have already uh shared a little bit with a couple of my minister brethren. Amen. But we've not put this out. Amen. uh because I wanted to save it for tonight basically. Amen. And first of all, I want to give a report a little bit on Sister Parish. Sister Parish, a few weeks ago, me and my wife went and visited her. Amen. At her home before she uh went to the hospital and removed 3.8, I think it is liters of fluid off of her stomach. Now, how many know a 2 liter bottle? Three lers. Now, almost four. That is a lot of liquid, isn't it? And before that it was like two liters. Before that it was like one liter. So it was one, two, and then almost four. And so things weren't looking so good. I was concerned. Ain't that right? I was concerned for our sister. I really was. And uh so she's been at the nursing home for now uh for the last eight days, I guess it is. And it's been about 12 days since she's had her liquid removed. and we went and seen her today and uh you know she does look and she looks like she may have a liter liter and a half at the most maybe somewhere there. That's just my guess but it's not very much you know and for that amount of time for her to not have built up anymore that's a great sign of improvement. Amen. So now the other part is you should see her just her your uh her demeanor. She's got a strength more strength. She'll cut up with you and and laugh. Brother Steven Becky went seen her uh earlier today also. And if anybody wants to see her, I think she's going to get out Saturday, but if anybody wants to stop by, you can go see her there. But uh she is a whole lot more chipper and they're uh they're walking her and pushing her and then she's walking up and down down the aisles and she's bragging about that and they said, you know, before they can send her home that she has to learn how to get up. So they were trying to teach her how to get up and she says, "Well, I just rolled over on my knees and hands and got up, you know." And so they were like, "Well, okay. All right. As long as you can get up, you know." So, but I you know having seen her today. Amen. Two weeks ago I had posted not just on the men but me on the men but down I posted on the web top. So everybody that prayed thank you so much. Amen. Because she's really trying to have faith and she's had faith and and different times. She said it's so hard time. She said it's so hard. She said it's so hard when you feel like you're about to die to have faith. But she's got that bulldog faith and she's held on. So may God lift her up. Amen. Now um this is the very special testimony. Um as you know my wife you know about eight months ago was report you know um diagnosed with cancer and so forth and and when it came to the lymph nodes and things like that. Now, this last time we talked about lymph nodes and her not having cancer in her lymph nodes, but I wanted to make it clear because whenever I give a report or hear a report, I like for you to be straight. I I don't want to exaggerate. Hello. Uh don't make it sound like something it isn't, but when they took her uterus out and had that surgery, they took like four at least four lymph nodes out. So, when we said those lymph nodes, she was no cancer free from lymph nodes, we weren't talking about the whole body. We were talking about those lymph nodes that they took out during that time in that area. You know, because the doctor had said when I asked him at first when she was first diagnosed on the lymph nodes how many, he said there's too many to count. He said there's too many to count that are cancerous. And so, uh, we did a finally did a CAT scan and a PET scan about y'all know when it was I don't know exact time, but it was at least three, four weeks ago. And the doctor sent Grace a report. Amen. And and of course we had to just look at the numbers and we can't read some of that stuff, you know, but the doctor never I was kind of I was like give me give me a call talk tell me something. But we just didn't really worry about it. And so but from the numbers that we was looking at looked like maybe the mass on her breast maybe had depreciated per 50% or something. At least the numbers were about half of what they were. It looked good anyway. And so we let you all know that it looks like it's you know depreciated a lot. But today after talking to him after he looked over the PET scan or what they called the bone scan and also uh the CAT scan. They did a boat PET scan and a CAT scan I think the first same day, right, Donna? I think we went to one place and then we went to the other. But anyway, so he called yesterday and had a phone conference. the first one that we didn't go all the way to Evansville and talk to him just, you know, just to talk to him about 10 15 minutes and he had just had a conference and uh but he uh he told us what's going on. Amen. And so I've talked to I've sent a few texts to brother uh Andrew Spencer, I think it was, and brother Joe Adams. And so uh I let him know that we're going to have this testimony. Amen. Then that Donna is going to be given the testimony and basically it's going to be her testimony of of the report uh that the doctor gave of the cancer that was uh of course in her upper on her bones which was her up you know on he said it was on her spine up higher. Amen. And brother Brad remembers when she was in the office and it really hurt back there up on the higher part. And many times she's had a I've had to help her out of bed and different times that it was really hurting even in the lower abdomen area uh pelvic area I guess it was you know and so he said you've got it here there u you know and so it's going she's going to tell you about the bone she's going to talk about they had spots all the doctor talked like she had a lot of spots on her lungs and also in her lymph nodes a lot of her nymph nodes um lungs and nip road nymph nodes foods and of course the breast and also the bone. So I want her to come up and if y'all would make sure that you know you get the video on her if you would and she I'm going to have her come up here. Amen. And give the report. How many wants to hear reports? Let's find out what's going on. Well, first off, I'm glad he said as long as everything's lined up, you can have all the emotions you want. So, but I uh I just want to thank the Lord. I want to praise the Lord for my healing. Um because just from the very start, that's what he just let me know that it wasn't mine that you know. So anyway, like he said, we had the uterus removed and they didn't find anything there. I kept the report and I keep it in my purse and um so yesterday he called and we had like he said a conference and he um he wanted to know how I was feeling and I said I'm feeling awesome. you know, I said, I go, you know, I do, you know, and um he says, well, he says, you know, he wanted to talk, you know, let me know about the the results of the scan. And um he said that in the scan, the way they tell the difference like for the bone, he said, is they'll take the scan from before and then they take the scan that they took. And in the scan before is when they saw that the can where the cancer was on the bones. Well, now comparing the scan that they took this time to that scan, he said it shows activity, but it's like the bone is healing itself and we know it's just gone. So just the cancer was not there. Yeah. That the cancer wasn't there. It's the bone that is healing over those places. And then he said there's no activity in lymph nodes. And and here's where I just say Goliath is dead because there's no spots on my lungs anymore. Amen. Amen. Stand up. Say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus." Yes. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Just praise your name. Okay. And Yes. And then also the mass is in the breast area is significantly reduced and it is responding to treatment and he said that we'll continue with treatment. But I just thank the Lord. And I just want to take this opportunity too because everybody's prayers and the way that everybody came together and put their faith and God give us his faith and we all put it together and joined together. Not just our home church here. And I love you and I thank y'all so much for your prayers and for being there. And I think about just everybody that like Sister Janette and the different ones. I just thank Lord just kick that devil back to the hell where he belongs, you know. That's right. And I just want to thank even like pastors from other churches and their congregations. People that didn't even know me were praying for me like in desperation. And I just thank the Lord that we have brothers and sisters not just here but all over that pray for us. And when we pray, we may not know who we're praying for, but God knows them and he knows what we're praying about. So that's right. Always pray. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Amen. God bless. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. That's words came to my that thong that came into my heart. He's in the house. How many believes he's in the house? Amen. And he is working even when we don't know. And he's on the job. He's doing he's doing what Jesus always does. And we appreciate that. Amen. And of course I mean I come in from outside and I didn't realize she was on the conference with him. And so I come in about halfway through. Amen. And uh begin to quickly record it because I wanted to record the whole thing. But I didn't get in there quick enough. But he explained that this type of cancer, he says if the if that cancer, they're coming up with things that even if this cancer would kind of reject that treatment or whatever, there's others that he would, you know, go to and whatever. But we ultimately believe that it's the Lord Jesus Christ healing her. How many believes that? That's right. That's Jesus Christ. [Applause] Amen. And when I heard that about the lymph nodes because he the doctor had said too many to count and then his doctor said he said he put it this way. He it's just like it's gone. It's just gone. Not there anymore. But praise the Lord. Amen. So he is Oh my. Amen. Praise the Lord. I believe he's getting his face pounded. Ain't that right? Praise the Lord. So Jesus is winning. Amen. Jesus is winning. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. God bless you. Brother Edward will come on up here and share your testimony with you. Amen. God bless you, brother. Appreciate you. May the Lord bless you and thank you for this uh wonderful opportunity not try to testify or anything like that but to hear her testimony that's that's good appreciate uh brother Thomas thank you thank you for the opportunity uh it takes a quality of man like himself myself to do this. He doesn't know me. It's just a person that comes to church here every so often. He lives in Indiana and he's I I asked him about the testimony. He said, "Go ahead and do it." Well, praise the Lord. Um running around traffic and things and but we made it. That's the main thing. It's been it's been years since I step on a pulpit, so it'll be a little difficult. Okay. I'm not a preacher. You can tell I don't look like a preacher, but uh you just pray for me and and uh this is a little different type of a testimony if I can call it not so much of a of a testimony itself. It's it's a testimony. It's a real testimony, but it's in a different way perhaps that you never heard it this way or perhaps expressions or things that will be say on the testimony that my somebody will say, "Well, that was not a testimony. That was something else." But there's a testimony. Okay. Um uh let we already pray. Can can we pray again? Can we get on your feet please for a minute and we'll pray again. Heavenly father Lord God what a privilege Lord Jesus it is Lord God to come to the house of God and to thank you for all the wonderful things that you have done for our lives Lord Jesus. Life is not is not easy. The prophet have declared Lord God and we know and we live it. And but we thank you Lord Jesus that you have bless us with the revelation of your word Lord Jesus that everything works for the good for those who love you Lord God and we love you Lord God. So we thank you again Lord Jesus even though we already pray Lord God. I personally need your help Lord Jesus. I'm nervous Lord God but you can take care of that Lord God. I pray that you help us this evening and everything that I could say or testify, Lord God, be for your glory. I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. While you're standing, you can turn um to a little scripture here. I have a few notes and things there, but I kind of have it pretty much on memory. Le let's let's open on uh Deuteronomy uh chapter 4. Okay? And I'm going to read a couple of scriptures uh to begin the testimony and then we we let you be seated. I know you'll be standing for for a good while. Uh Deuteronomy chapter 4 and we're going to go to I have my other Bible and the other one is easy to find it. But then all of a sudden I thought because my my site is not the best and Sharon had a different Bible and I said, "Well, let me have your Bible." And now I don't I I don't find the book, but I'll find it. Anyhow, um Deuteronomy chapter 4 and we're going to read there um vers uh uh 7-8 in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And it says like this, for one nation is there so great who had God so not unto them as the Lord our God is in all things that we call upon him for. and one nation there is so great that had statutes and judgments so righteous as all this law which are set before you this day. Only take heed to thyself, and keep thy soul diligently, lest thou forget the things which thine nights have seen, lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life. But teach them thy sons and thy sons sons. God bless you. You may be seated. Um, first of all, I I need to start to who we are, right? If Moses comes with a testimony and and he says, "Well, I was in in in the back of the desert and and I'm taking care of this sheep and and there's a it's a bush and it's on fire, but he needs to identify who is Moses." A lot of the people know who Moses was and and and he went ahead and gave testimony. First of all, we're from Mexico. the state of Halisco on the Pacific coast. If you know your US geographical arena, boy, it's far from here. Okay, it's if you know a little bit is on the Pacific West, Mexico. Okay, Halisco, Wal Laara is the state capital. But anyhow, I was born there. I kind of grew up in California. I spent most of my younger years in California, Long Beach, around those places. That's a good place to be from. But anyhow, California. But anyhow, most of my kids were born there. Stephanie, Levi, uh, Gethsemane, um, now Cher, well, Gerson was born in Jeffersonville. She was born in California, too, after. But anyhow, so growing up in California, not knowing the word of God, growing up as Catholics, you know, by tradition, by culture, you you only know the church and you only know the creed and the priest and and you don't have a Bible. We did have an old Bible there, but it was not something that we read at night or anything like that. My dad had an old Bible that was given to him back in the 60s back in California because he travel up on the West Coast and places like that. And I always think I wish brother I wish my dad would have heard of Brother Brandon. He was in San Maria, San Jose, some of those places where brother Brandon was around in the 56, 57 up to 63 or 64. But then when I go back in time and I was thinking I wish my dad would have stopped there in Santa Maria or San Jose, those places where brother Brandon was preaching. Perhaps my dad was traveling in a bus and there's a prophet on going to a meeting. But he never heard from brother Brandon. But I I'm glad I did hear um the word of God. But anyhow, that's that's part of life. When I was about uh I got to give this testimony, right? when I was about uh 19 20 years old living there in Long Beach, California just real close to that place where brother Brandon preached uh Abraham's faith and those places where he speaks about this minister that comes out of the place with his people well dressed up and when brother Brandon's congregation came it was on a straight jack his wheelchairs and all that we live across the street from there. I didn't know that but anyhow I got to know that after but I I used to pray this way. I don't know. I used to pray this way and that was where the building was. But anyhow, this is back years ago. So, um, back in those days, not knowing the word of God, not having the revelation of the name of Jesus Christ. Uh, there was a neighbor of mine. I used to cut my grass and do real clean and everything need. I I like things clean and stuff like that. I don't have time to do it anymore. But back then, I was single and I have plenty of time, so I can clean the grass straight. Um, so anyhow, there was this preacher from South America. He would come from work uh right around 6:00 and it was like a Wednesday evening, Brother Thomas. And he will come park his Toyota, go up the second story apartment where he lived and dress up real nice and get on the car and go to church, wife and a daughter. I remember there was a little girl there. Go to church and and he always see a life living before me. He always caught my attention. This man works hard. I can tell he don't look clean. He comes from a construction perhaps. And he comes and and and and gets ready to go to church. And I thought church is a good place to be this evening. And I will drive by churches and I can hear the singing and I can hear the music and and he always excite me about church. But I never went. But anyhow, one day he he started talking to me. One day I was on the fence. We was talking. He said, "Well, you you need to read your Bible. Do you have a Bible?" "No, sir. I don't have a Bible." Said, "I'll get you a Bible." He gave me a Bible. Um, you know, I'm not going to go back in dates and times, but this is I'm I'm 49. I was about 19. So, a long time back. You can make the numbers later on. Okay? But anyhow, he um he told me, he said, "You just pray in the name of the Lord Jesus, and you'll see that God will make things happen for you." I'm assuming he had an understanding and saw my hunger for the Lord and he was trying to work me into God and I think I pray for him every so often when I remember but anyhow so and I began to pray little things life situations work uh and then I pray and things just happen. He said, "You pray in the name of the Lord Jesus." That was new for me. And I started praying and things have worked and things were changing. My life was changing and I started liking it. I said, "I'm going to pray again. This situation at the job, this situation in life, so I'm going to pray and I started praying and praying and and things were changing in my life." So I said, "This is good." I started liking it. I I read the Jehovah Witness books uh how to know God is a little red thick book and and and if I mention names and things like that remember it's not so much of a testimony it's going to get testimony here in a minute but um some of them books uh it's called how to know God it's about the thingness of this one here is red maybe you have read it perhaps they have it all over the world but anyhow I read the whole book they will come to my house talk to me about God things like that and this is you know lost in the world without God without hope. Okay? And and and then you know whoever been in the world, you know how it is. You think you got it, but you don't have nothing. Everything is out of everything is chaos. Okay? So that's then um right around, you know, 19 years old, 20, 21, 22. I was down here in Georgia places, you know, travel different places. My wife and I, we had moved 22 times since we married. Uh we we always pay rent. Everything was in order. We they didn't kick us out of the house. It's just we go places. Okay. Okay. So, 22 times. Um, but anyhow, so going back over there, the thirst, the hunger for God, it was just so vivid. It was just so vivid. I was a person that I like history. I I study history uh from the Roman Empire to the Greek Grecian Empire, the the British Empire, the the the the the travelers, the the Portuguese uh adventures and and all that, the American pioneers and and and who went to the West first and all that history. I love it. I love history. When when you know history, you can tell little things there because you understand why people's move and why they they did things that they did back then. So, anyhow, going back to the testimony, uh, I'm not I'm not going to even open this book yet. I hope I'm uh I can do well on the time. I think it's uh maybe seven. Is that clock okay? It was twisted. I think it's I don't know. I think it's 8:00, maybe 8 o'clock. Um, so being with that hunger for God, it was just genuine hunger. I mean, I I I see message churches back in all Mexico and I will drive by by and I see them and the way they dress, the way they do things. I thought it was something that I need to check out, but I never did. Finally uh met my wife uh in late uh 1999. We got married pretty quick, three or four months. But anyhow, again, we went to California, same city because that's what my in-laws are still here are and stuff like that. And then one day, this is funny, brother Thomas, because I'm hearing radio and this is like 8 8:00 in the evening, right about this time, I'm delivering pizzas, okay? Um, I'm not going to tell you the name of the company, but anyhow, Pixus, and I'm the Liam Pixus, and I'm hearing this preacher on the radio, okay? And he's talking about that Jesus, the Lord, um, God cannot die. He said, he said it was the man, but the spirit has to leave Jesus before he died. And that kind of makes a lot of sense, you know, the spirit cannot die. But anyhow, and then he did mention the name of William Brandon. William Bron. He said there was a man from the east by the name of William Bron and it just didn't check it, didn't pay attention to it. Keep on leaving. One day um I'm going on this place. There's a golf course here on the side. Real beautiful day. California used to be nice. I think it's still nice. But anyhow, um it was very very nice. You you enjoy the flowers. You en enjoy the grass and everything is just clean and and things like that. But anyhow, I'm driving and somebody hits the the golf ball and and they just missed the fence and all that. And I'm in the car here, my my hand right here, and it hit about an inch inch and a half from my elbow and it bent the door. And I was thinking, man, if that would have hit my my skinny hand, it would have break it in half. And I said, that was a real close call. And and it just the spirit of the Lord. I was hearing some worship song at the moment when the ball hit the car and I couldn't just help it. I just turn around, park my car. There was people in a park with I didn't care who was watching me. I I I gave my life to the Lord in public right on the car. I said, "Lord, I'm a sinner. I know if I die today, I I will go to hell. I was frank straight and it was a fact." And I said, "The things that I do, the way I live, I cannot do this no more. Lord, if you forgive me, I will serve you the rest of my life. And I was bowling and crying and and asking the Lord to to forgive me. I got home and I told my wife, I said, "This is what happens. And I need to serve God. I'm going to surrender my life to the Lord. I'm going to give my life to the Lord." And she didn't know much about God or anything like that herself to even though her in-laws were message believers back then already. She had heard about Brother Bron and things like that. There was a wonderful sister there in Old Mexico that really influenced my wife, the dressing, uh the life, the way she treated her husband. My wife, she still remember she already went with the Lord. But anyhow, she said, "I remember her the way she treated and he was not a believer, but her life was tremendous." And so going back over there, um, we started trying to, you know, look for the Lord and try to do the best. So I said, "We're going to go to church." I told my wife the same day. I said, "We're going to go to church." She said, "Where?" I don't know. There's churches around here. Everywhere I drive, there's churches they uh Protestant uh the way and and different churches. So that was like a Thursday. Then on Saturday, we go to a Google store someplace over there and and we're looking for a church for Sunday. And then then my wife, there's a lady over there with a lawn skirt. And then she's already struck a conversation with my wife and she already given a a church name and address and invite you over Sunday. And when I saw that conversation, I just come along. I said, "Lady, we just made our decision yesterday to go to church." I said, "We're going to your church." And we went. Anyhow, we went to a church, Trinitarian Church. This a long story short, we're going to we're going to go to the message. That's just part of growing in the word of God. Being baptized in the titles, I I went a dry center and I came a wet center out of the water. And I I know it was not right. But anyhow, this is uh you know uh 2020 21. We have our daughter Stephanie, then Levi, then Gethsemane. She's 21, I believe. Um, but anyhow, the the wife, Joshua's uh uh wife. But anyhow, then we were in California again. And then I just felt we need to move east. So, if you wonder why we're here, we're in California this 21 years ago. And I just felt a pull. I said, "We're going to move east." I said, "I don't know where. I don't have a job promotion. I don't I don't know anybody. I don't know where to go." But I told my wife, I just feel in my heart that we had to move east, east of the Rockies. I said, Denver, somewhere in Iowa, Wisconsin, Georgia, New York. I never thought so far, but somewhere close here. And and and I told my wife, I said, "We going to move east one of these days." So, she was going to Mexico with the three little kitties. And I said, "We'll just go over there and I follow suit in the next month or two and and I catch up with you." But anyhow, we went back to Old Mexico again. and we're there and we're going to a Pentecostal church. Then the Lord showed me a dream. This is where the testimony comes. Okay? Cuz I I believe that God is still God and he's still the same as he was when he met Moses there when when he talked to Joshua around the city. He's still the same God. It's just up to us whether we can call him on the scene for our situation. But he's still God. But anyhow, go trying to get to the testimony. I had a dream. I'm in Old Mexico. Okay. I dreamed that I was in Jeffersonville, Indiana. I never been in Jeffersonville, Indiana in my life before. This is 2021. Okay. And I have heard the voice of the Lord before. And I can tell you when God speaks, okay? And I'm there and I see a couple ladies kind of your age, sister, maybe I don't know, 61, 62, 68, whatever. And they're going to a church service and they're going in and I'm walking on the sidewalk and they say, "Come in. You're welcome. There's church service." I said, "Well, I would like to and I can hear the singing and the praising over there and that that calling and I said, "No, no, no." Said, "Yeah, you're welcome." And they went to the side door of the church went in the church and all of a sudden I'm walking again and I turn around and you know that know the brown tabernacle there in Jeffersonville. I'm in front of the brown tabernacle and I'm walking towards the street over there and all of a sudden the the Lord God is talking to me. I say is that a church? He says yes. Is there a service? Yeah, there's a service. And and then God is talking to me and then I try to understand okay there's a church. There's two ladies went in the church. Now I have read a little bit of brother Brandon prior to that and he says this is the Brandon tabernacle the way it was before it was fixed and I look at the building and look like white bricks type of a church steps on the side and then I turn around to the left and and that emotion trying to worship the Lord. Okay. And I'm in the presence of God in the dream and I'm trying to understand, but I I want to hear what he wants to say. And I Okay. And then I turn to the left again and the service is still going on the church there. And I turned to the left and I saw like a canyon. We call them canyons in the west, you know, a river, something real wide. And I couldn't understand what it was. And I was trying to see what is between me here and there. But I can see cars on the other side of the canyon. And cars are going south north fast. I can see the cars literally with my own eyes. And I can see the cars and and I try to understand what is this? A river, a ditch, a um a a canyon or something between me and those cars. And I turn around when I turn around. I'm here on the brown taco go to the side. Then I saw Brother Brandon coming out of the church from the left side. He's wearing a little black hat. And there's a black man, African-American man, coming out of the church soon. I can see him. And brother Brandon is coming out of there. It looks like he finished the service and he's going to his car. And I was not too much concerned about Brother Brandon of the black man and the people right there on the side of the door. I'm concerned. I need to understand what I'm here. There's cars over there, but what is between me and the cars? There's something on the dream trying to understand what is it? And I turn around and I walk the street and I saw parking like enough for 20 30 cars in front of the church and I can walk on the street and I go to the left again and then I go to the left to the church and I saw the street like turning a little curb. I saw the leaves. I never saw leaves in my life before because back southwest they don't fall, you know. You don't we don't have a fall over there. You have a fall here. But anyhow, and I saw the leaves on the ground and I said, "I can see that green tree, but I see leaves on the ground. I never seen that before." And then I turned around and and I asked the Lord, "What is it between me and those cars?" And then in front of me over here, I can see like a bridge going over across. And I can see the semmites. I can see the cars with these natural eyes. And I can see the old cars. I said, "Well, there's got to be like a like a like a bridge or something. And they're going about each other. And I asked the Lord. I turn around and I look at brother Brandon and I said, "Is he your servant? Your prophet?" I said, "Your prophet?" He said, "My servant." Okay. And then and I tried to understand the dream. And he said, "Forgive me. I'm trying to make words, okay? But the best that I can describe, the best that I can break into words, he said it. You go to them who know about him and you will understand what is between you and the cars. I wake up in the morning and I told my wife, I said, "I need a a piece of paper and a pencil. Is that right?" I said, "I need to write it down." What I saw, I was in front of the Brandon Tabernacle. I saw these ladies going into the church. I saw Brother Brandon coming from the side. The Lord was speaking to me. I walked in the street. I saw the street. I saw the building. And the Lord told me that was his servant. But I I asked him about this bridge or these places over here like a canyon. And I saw even the the river turning. Now I call it rivet because I understood that after making a turn, okay, supernaturally and and I get to wake up, get my piece of paper, pencil, and I had to write the details because I forget things. I said, I don't want to forget this. I need to write it down. So it happened like three days after I had this information, very vivid, not a nightmare, not a not a just a dream. This is something from the Lord. I need to write it down. Nightmares, I told my wife, they don't last a second. Once I awake, they're gone. I don't need to entertain nightmares or nothing like that. I just blow them out. But a but a dream from the Lord, I need to keep it because he's going to help me and he's going to help others. But anyhow, so then like three days later, this is like a like a Thursday. Then on Saturday morning, her brother named Joseph, he comes real early in the morning to the house. we're still in bed. And he comes. It's about 6:45 a.m. We're still in bed. And I told my wife, "But you kind of dress up. Go and see who it is. Don't open the door. Just see who it is and let let me know." And I meanwhile can kind of dress up. But she comes to the door. She said, "Oh, my brother Jose. He needs to talk to you." I said, "Oh, just tell give him a minute." I kind of dress up and I go to the door and this is Amen. My wife could say, "Amen." Because this is this is true. This is true. This is I'm not making this up. I don't I don't He didn't tell me to tell it. He didn't He don't know, right? Do you know this? No. Um but anyhow, so there he comes three days after. I'm going to bypass a lot of details for the sake of time, okay? There's there's more to it, but I'm going to go to it. He comes in the morning. This is a message believer. The Lord done told me two days before you asked these people if the things that you saw with your natural eyes are according to reality. Brother Brandon was my prophet. Well, I'm putting those words. He was my prophet. So, Saturday he comes and he says, "Well, there's going to be a little gathering like this Saturday with the brother, right? There's three to four message churches over there. brothers is still in the message and and they have this situation of a little gathering, a little food get together and stuff like that. And he says, "Well, the brothers over there at brother Roberto's house, they're going to have a little get together. The sister's going to cook or something and I'm going to donate a lamb or two. Lamb is good." And I said, "Well, I got too much work like always." I said, "But I'll tell you what, I'm coming." I said, "We're coming." And I told my wife, she said, "We're coming." I said, "Yeah, we're coming." I said, "I got to go to work over there." Yeah. the kiddos ready and I said, "Uh, we just get on the truck and go." And and these people are message believers. We're not message believers. Uh, and stuff like that. But we come over there and the Lord done told me, "You need to ask him about it." And and they had a little gathering there. We come to the kitchen, big old nice msquid table. They're all eating. They're finishing. And the Lord done told me to ask him. And and they're about to get out of their table so the sisters can come in. And I just have to say, "Brothers, I'm sorry. I I need to uh tell you a testimony, a dream that I had three nights ago. And I start telling the testimony right there. And the pastor is sitting over there. There's another pastor over here on the side, a son leader named Mabel, he already went with the Lord, too. But anyhow, I'm on the corner table and and I'm telling the dream and they're about to get up and brother Ju means Jon of God. Anyhow, he says, "Well, brother, uh, let's just dismiss ourselves from the table. Let's go outside under the shade over there and you finish your testimony while the sisters can come in, they can make themselves and they can eat. Kids were playing, you know, motorcycles, little things outside, you know, younger fellas are on the outside over there. And uh so we come outside and I keep on going with the testimony and when I start telling that that river, that canyon, there's a brother, he's about 67 years old named Antonio Sanchez. Very uh good people. They just do farming and corn and stuff. They're pretty well when it comes to cotton and stuff like that. That's not part of the testimony, but wonderful people. And this is a man that he doesn't know me either. And he uh he started breaking into tears. I noticed he's he's he's crying and he said, "Brother," he said that, and this a pastor, they have wisdom. He He says, "Brother, that's the Ohio River." the Ohio River. He said, "And that freeway is the Gene Snider Freeway." He said, "And that bridge that you saw is 65 going across the river to Louisville, Kentucky." He said, "And that curve that you saw, the Ohio River makes this curve over here in Clarksville, Indiana." And he turns and the man is crying. Then I kind of finish the testimony to them. Okay. But anyhow, and then he uh he says, 'Well, the pastor, brother, you probably need to read more. You know, that's wisdom. He said, ' There's a particular book about brother Brandon's life and gave me the name, the actor, and all that. I'm not going to go to names and stuff like that. He said he has reading three to four. There's some that are translated already, but you can read English probably. You can read it. He said, "I got four." I think he's making the number five book. He said, "You read it. When you finish one, bring it to me. get the other book, read it, and that's the way we do it. And he said, "So, so so, so you know, I said, "Brother, I don't had to read a single letter. I believe it, but it will help me. Give me the books." And I started, he he went to the truck, got me a book, and I got home and I started reading the book. I started Brother Brandon's life when he was a child and all that. When I when I went to the picture, there's a picture of the Brandon Tabernacle before 1963. It was whitish. It's got like three stone like kind of the shape of the balcony over there. When I opened that page, I was crying. Brother David, I saw that building with my own eyes. I saw that building. I I cried through all them three four books because how in the world me myself in another country I can be in Jeffersonville Indiana the Lord God of heaven is talking to me and is revealing to me that brother Brandon was his prophet this is uh um 2021 somewhere in there going back to California why I have felt that pull to move east that's what it was the Lord was preparing us to to um to receive this message. Then we end up in California again. We went up to Wisconsin, different places. And then we moved to Jeffersonville. No GPS, no nothing. Oldfashioned all Atlas books. You probably use them, brother. And I still like him. They're pretty accurate. If you mark them real well, you can go places. And and and so we're up in Wisconsin. Long story short, we decided to move to Jeffersonville, Indiana. We packed and and left and we're coming down. And my wife said, "How in the world you going to know where the church is?" I said, "I've been there before." I said, "I'm going to tell you where it is." I said, "We're we're taking uh uh we're exiting here on on on on on Tennis Street. I'm going to turn right on Spring. I'm going to get to to uh Penn and I'm going to turn left." I said, "The little brick church is on the left right there." I said, "I'm going to go left and park and go to church." That's the way it went because I I was there before. So going to that's that's how I received the message. That's how I received the message. Uh was not a not a I thank the Lord for his grace and his mercy that he still works the same way he did back then. So if I get to to to you know kind of go with the testimony if I say some things here please forgive me. Okay? Uh because this message is true. This is as genuine as good as Moses writing the book of Genesis. This message is the same in a greater way because a greater revelation taking us back to the original faith of the fathers. So this message is true. If somebody says, well, brother Brandon said here something here, made a mistake there. I said, no, you're too late to tell me. When I didn't know the name William Brandon, my God told me who William Brandon was. When I read his life, it told me this is true. When I heard the first tape, I said that's nothing but the truth. And and I received the message in in 2021. My wife received the message. Uh even the day when we got baptized, I told my wife. There's so much on testimony. But anyhow, still in California, I was some prayer and the Lord said, "I'm one." The Lord revealed to me that he was one before I even heard one tape. So when I hear the tape and brother Brandon teaches that he's one, that's nothing but the truth. Uh trying to save time and looking at the clock. The clock is going pretty fast. So there we receive the message. We come to Jeffersonville. So many blessings. The Lord has blessed us beyond beyond. Let me tell you, I I say this honestly and maybe the world can watch me today and some people that knows me. Um my name is said and Ed in Hebrew means ones that testify. You go back when Joshua conquered the land and they went back the tribe and tribe and a half went back across the river and they build up an altar unto the Lord and they they thought well this these people are going back to idolatry. He said no Ed means one who testify. So that's my name and and and I like to thank the Lord for that because I like to testify of what he's done in my life. I mean, I see my life where I come from, how the Lord has brought me out this far. And and I I I definitely believe that God loves each and every one of us as an individual, as an individual person. It's it's not that you know the pastor, well, the pastor has to sit on the back of the church here. He he he has to dress better than the brother over here or anything. No, the Lord is the same to you, the same as a preacher over there, same as a younger couple over there. He He's He's an awesome God. And he deals with individuals. It's not my dad, my grandpa, my uncle is you and God. And when you come to him humbly in prayer, he he can reveal things to you. If if I'm talking about the dream, he's always done it. It's not the first time. It's not the first time. Cornelius is there praying and he's a just man. I was not a just man. Cornelius was a just man because the Bible declares that. And then the Lord sent an angel. So same thing. Go and get Simon and he's going to tell you what is between you and the cars. and he received the Holy Spirit. Um, so trying to look at the time there coming into the message and receiving the message and the word of God and and I always think to myself, sometimes I told my wife, I said, "You know what? I don't even know what to do. Sometimes I I just get overwhelmed, brother Tummy, that that I just want to cry. I'll be on the job. I'll be shopping. I'll be driving. I just feel like, Lord, why me? It's just why you protected me? Why why you kept me? I mean, I come from a from a group of people, a tribe of of hundreds, in fact, on the county that I grew up over there in Mexico. I mean, it's big families by the thousands by the thousands. And none of them is a message believer that I know. I'm the only one. I don't brag about it, but I testify about it everywhere I go. Everywhere I go, I I I I I tell people about his um his grace and mercy because he his grace upon our lives, his protection wrecks situations and lives. I could have been dead 20 times already gone, completely gone without God, without hope. And I'm still here testifying on this uh little church in Kentucky. and and and I seek God's blessings, his provisions in life about children, health, many many things that revelation, understanding of this word. So if somebody comes to me on these days, if so and so, brother so and so come over here and he puts me a 100 videos and 100 understandings about the message of the hour and trying to take talk to me about the message or out of the message. Too late, brother. too late. This this this message is the truth. It's nothing but the truth. There's no mistakes on this message. Uh there's no errors on this message. Everything is from God. If if you want to know what's going on in the world, just play a tape. Just play a tape and you understand what's the president is doing, what is the other country people is doing. Just play a tape. The other day I was up in Indianapolis just going in my normal life and I'm playing something and and what the tape said it was exactly what the president was doing on the very same day. It's it's just it's a turn word. It's like you open your Bible and and and like you were talking the other day, brother, there about things that the Lord you read something on the Bible and perhaps back then didn't perhaps didn't touch your heart too much and before you know you open a scripture it's like you can leave on that verse for a whole month for a whole month a whole year one little verse in the Bible is the same with the tapes is the same thing that is the living word of God. I I if if especially younger people, you hear them tapes, your life is gonna be changed. It's going to be changed because it's not the voice of a Kentucky preacher, is the voice of God using the little men. And then not only that, he inspired him to preach the message and and and and lives are changed by hearing those tapes. Brother Brandon said that, right? and and I'm trying to get to to a little bit of the testimony and that's part of it. The Lord has done so much and I know time and and and my nerves are a little bit out of order. Um but it's so great to to hear even the testimony of our sister today and the things that the Lord do constantly constantly constantly constantly. I mean, if I can tell you dreams, things that the Lord has showed me from there on, it's just too much. It's just too much. It will have to take years. My little wife there too, you know, brother Brandon says that when when God calls a man, he calls his wife to. And before you know, the preacher might be thinking on something to preach and he's putting his notes together and before the sister will come on the door and she says something and it's like that's what I was looking for for the last three days and I just got to write it down. You don't tell her perhaps you don't give her the credit or whatever, but you know it's the Lord. My wife has seen visions, dreams, things that come to pass through the letter through the letter on time everything. And and I thank God for that. that the the Lord has blessed me with a with a wonderful wife and and before you know it there's so many things just the other day I mean that little woman we go through a lot of struggle for kids and stuff like that and we have a little situation with with one of our sons over there and the Lord just told her in a dream okay well he's doing this here he's going to do that here so he don't have to tell me I just tell him you know this is our God our God is is not a is not a far away distance God the the win you know and forgot about us. Well, he come sent a messenger. He went and preached gave the testimony of his life, how he grew up and things like that and started going about the campaign, the healing campaigns and and the discernment of the heart and telling people who they were and and and and the word of God and all that and and God would just give up on life and give up on humanity. Oh, okay. everything. I already sent the prophet. I already sent the message and I just give up. God is still speaking. God is still revealing his word. It's just it's just the same word but for the time and the season that you need it. If if you find yourself in a situation where you there's no way out, just encou I encourage you to get to your Bible and the answer is right here. You go to sleep and perhaps you can be playing a tape on the middle of the night because I do a whole lot. And you'll be playing a tape and the Holy Spirit will wake you up on the very moment, the very second and it tells you exactly what you need and then put you back to sleep and get up, go to work. And it's just it's just wonderful. I mean, it's just uh I'm going to I'm going to keep going. Uh brother Tom, just a little bit more. A little bit more. Um, so that's how we got the message in our lives. So when somebody comes to me, if if my father is already uh gone with the Lord, my mother's still living, my my my in-laws and all that. If a priest comes to me and he he offers me the whole world and he says, "Well, that's not the truth." I said, "Buddy, you're too late. The word of God is a fact. It's a fact. Is the truth." This message is exactly with the word of God. Exactly on time, not before. Not in the middle nor after. He said, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before." Right? I send you Elijah the prophet before the dreadful. Right? The Lord. Can anybody tell there is something dreadful coming into the earth? I think we can tell, right? But he already sent Elijah to tell us what to do and how to act and how to conduct ourselves in our lives. So, we're not going to be afraid. Well, the whole nation fell yesterday. Who cares? The whole world fell apart in Russia. Are you worried about that? I I won't be worried about a thing. Well, he he's getting ready to push that messenger so I already have the messenger. He already told me what's taking place. So, I'm not worried about Putin. I'm not worried about anybody back there, China and the whole world. They they they can put the whole world together with all the armaments and all the chemicals and all the stuff that they have together to try to destroy this bride. they will not be able to do it because brother Van said before one missile hits his earth will be gone. So that's that's uh that that's my my standing tonight and and trying to you know move on with the time. This message is nothing but the true and and trying to go to the message that's the testimony that's how we got the message ourselves. That's how we receive the message. I I I I believe in the ministry. I believe in a preacher can pick a word and and it just you go on the word and you just my goodness, that's so tremendous and that's so tremendous and you leave with it the wisdom of of of a pastor like brother Thomas last Sunday. You know, the world is so shook up about these things here. Said, "Well, just go on with your life. Just go on with your business. Just go on with your family. Don't be concerned about them things." You know, we had the word of God. We had the answer for the devil's question, right? So, I thought that was a wonderful sermon last Sunday. Not not excited about trying to predict what is going to happen and this company's going to drop and and this government is going to do this. No, the word of God is a secure place. That's where you rest your souls on it. Um, but going back to the testimony, this word is so powerful. It's just so powerful. This word is tremendously powerful. Going back a little bit to the testimonies and part of that I'm not going to even open this book because it's too much um about the word of God and so tremendous in our lives the worth to not only give our time and our efforts worth to give ourselves completely to this message the where wherever we we shop with wherever we work wherever we go to school like ladies with your long hair I told my wife all the time I said if I was a woman, I will have my hair as long as I could. You know, if I had it this short, I have it this long, I'll wear it with proud wherever I go. And and if somebody said, "Lady, well, your hair, look at how long it is." I said, "Well, it's on the book of God." And I like to honor him because he said it and and and what a testimony wherever they go. Oh, your hair is so long. Why you dress that? because it's on the word of God and I do it for my God. So I if the Lord would to have a certain dress code for the man which he does holiness right unto the Lord but if the Lord would have a certain particular hat or something that you put on I would wear it you know back in the old days they had a front part on their heads and they have a title on their hands and things like that that's a ritual but now we have it in the table of our hearts. There was a preacher there in uh uh Tennessee was he's talking about he was from from Africa some place over there. He's talking about the message. He said he said I had the app an application or something. He said I have the app in my heart and that's what I want this message. The anything that comes alone if I'm driving on reverse I need to drive on the message. I I if I'm talking to a business person I need to talk with the message. I if if I'm meeting an individual who is aggressive, difficult to deal with, I had to talk to that guy with the message completely with the word of God and nothing will will stand you. If you have the message in front of you, nothing, no devil, no devil, Satan and all his God has tried already. He already bankrupt his arsenal. He's already broken. I think he's looking for firecrackers or something over there in hell because he's got nothing. He already tried to to to drown, to burn, to kill, to destroy, you know, he tried all the taxes that he's got to stop this ride, but he's not able to do it. The the ride keeps on going because she's got the word of God. Going back to the to to testimonies, you know, um this this this word is is is so powerful. Um that is a living word. Two more testimonies and I go to something little and then and then I I finish. I told this part to brother Tom the other day about Ron Spencer. Okay. Well, this is this is something. When he hears this, he's gonna be shook. He's gonna be, I never heard that before. But anyhow, going back to dreams, I received the message to a dream. You go back to the Old Testament, the book of Amos, right? It says, okay, Peter referred to that, right? that in the latter time. Right? So, we're living here. We're living here. Um, again, this is years ago, three or four years. I don't have the dates and I don't even have the time for that. Okay? You just take my word for it and and if you have a question, you can ask some people, not myself, somebody else talking about cancer and things like that. Okay? So, we s preachers here in the internet and different things like that. But anyhow, I don't know Ron Spencer. Okay. I I I met Andrew the other day real quick in my He was sitting and I come with a little funny word over there. He's like, "What are you talking about?" You You heard right what I said. But anyhow, um this is a few years, I would say four years ago. I don't know where when he was diagnosed with that cancer, but I had another dream of thousands. Okay, I'm just referring I'm just referring to three to four. No more than that because there's there's so many but just one of them because it's today. Okay. If somebody says well brother Brandon said that in 1933 brother Brandon is done gone. Brother Billy Paul is done gone and everybody's gone. Who we going to go to? Well come to me. Come to me if you if you want to know if this message is true. Just come to me. Okay. And I feel good now. I feel good. I feel better now. But what I'm saying is this. Ron Spencer, I had a dream that he was preaching in Indian light tabernacle there in Louisiana. Not in Kentucky. They're in Louisiana. And and my wife and I are in that church and we're sitting in the front row like where you are, brother. Somewhere there. Second or third row. Right there. And he's over here and he's preparing. He's a preacher. I'm not a preacher. He opens his Bible. He opens his test. And I'm like, we're here near the light tabernacle. Brother Ron Spencer is preaching. We're sitting over here. And all of a sudden, we were moved like to the back and we end up in a higher ground like with the brother where the computer over there is a little higher than the deacon over there, a little bit higher. And I can still see him and he's preaching. And again, my goodness. And I can I can This is a gift, okay? It's on the word of God. It's on this Bible. If anybody questions this, it's on this word. It's not on on a book that I carry on my back pocket. It's on this book what I'm telling you, okay? The testimony and this other testimony. And I'm there and I know that I'm there and I see Ron uh Ron's pastor preaching and the Lord God of heaven revealed to me and the Lord says I'm not finished with him. He's not going to die with that cancer. I wake up and I go to my little wife and my children. I said, I had a dream. I was there in evening light tabernacle. Brother Ron Spencer was preaching. We were like in the third row and all of a sudden I felt myself like a little higher like an on the back and the Lord told me that he's not finished with him that he's going to continue on. The Lord didn't tell me a date. The Lord didn't say he's going to leave 150. Okay? He said, "I'm not finished with him." Okay? So, I wrote it down. I put it on things. And then I called Brother George Winters. Do you know him by any chance? Anyhow, his brother was here. He was leaning sons here, right? Uh, yeah. Anyhow, that's his brother, George. I used to call him quite often. Not anymore. But anyhow, and and and and then I was calling one day and we was talking about things. He said, "Well, you know who's here?" I said, "I don't know." He said, "Ron Spencer and Andrew are here." This is when he traveled that 700 mile. Whoever knows the story, you know, he went back over there. They went to the lake and his um brother Timothy Pu Puit uh uh kids received the Holy Spirit. And then he told me, he said, "Well, Ron is here." I said, 'Well, that sayeth the Lord, he's going to preach. And I said, 'not only that, I was in a hardware store there in Charleston, Indiana. We're still on the phone. And I said, and that say the Lord, he's not going to die. I said, and he's going to preach and eat the live tabernacle and I'm going to be there. I'm going to be sitting in the third row and I'm going to be moving in the back. Write it down. And when I say that, that sayeth the Lord with my broken English and and my nerves. And I thought that's a pretty pretty pretty heavy word. That's taking God's word and saying it. I said, I done told you, George, that sayeth the Lord, I'm going to be there. He's going to preach. The Lord is not finished with him. I told my wife and my kids, my my sons-in-law and all that. I said, "Write it down. They're witness of that." And I said, "We're going to go." One day, it just happens. We went over there. We didn't plan because we're in a vision. going to win a seat over here. We're going to move this way. And I had to move. No, none of that. There were some uh uh meetings for jungle fellers and and and young people and stuff like that. They're playing outside over there. And then brother Joe Adams is on his truck over there. He's uh selling these shirts for the for the camp or whatever it was. I went and bought two and and and then my wife says, "Well, we just better get in the church before we don't get a seat." I said, "Well, let's do it." And and we I said, "Brother Joe, thank you. I'll pay you." and here's your change. I said, "Keep the change." And I just rush into the church and we will set over there and I'm there trying to pray and I'm we kind of the first people in the church. There was a few some people already in the front row so we're over there and we're sitting. My wife said, "I want to sit close." I said, "Well, this is our time. Let's go and do it." And we and we come, we're sitting over there and I'm praying and then there's a deacon that comes to me and says, "Brother, uh, this these three front rows are reserved for for the Jude. will you mind to to move? And I said, "Yes, sir. I I will." And then I asked my wife and she's like, she wanted to stay there. I said, "We're moving." I said, "The deacon then told me we had to move." Okay. But I said, "We're moving." So, I got her said, "Let's let's go up there. Let's move." And we went back over there to to the second grade or whatever on the top. And um we're over there and I'm not thinking of that. I'm not concerned about what I saw or anything like that. And then he opens his Bible and his test and he says these words and you can go back on record on time. He says, "This is not only a service. This is a vision being fulfilled." When he said that, I felt like I can go out of the church, go home, we're done for my part. For my part. And that took place to the letter. To the letter. Now, you have heard the reports of his life. Okay? And I told people all over the place, anybody who's got brother George Winter's number, call him and ask him if he I didn't told him that saith the Lord. Okay, that's two witnesses. He and I. That's my wife Gerson. Is that right? That's correct. Right. Okay. Well, we have four witnesses. That's that's that's more than enough. Okay. And that's some people might say, "Well, that's pretty simple, brother. You need to drink some water." I do have to drink some water. But uh it's just, you know, but I'm drinking from the rock. That's the water that I've been drinking. Uh I've been drinking from this rock and and I don't want to uh stop drinking from this rock. And it's just one, you know, one thing of another. We're talking about a hurricane that happened in Florida. I'm not trying to make myself nobody, okay? If if anybody says I'm not wearing like tuxedos or anything like that. I did have a a change dress, okay, on the truck, but I was too late. I couldn't change. I was trying to dress better, okay? But no time. We just had to rush in the church. And that's what it is. That's what I got. But my Lord became a beggar for me. Do you know that? You know that Jesus of Nazareth became a beggar on the streets. And so when you drive your nice truck or you go to your nice home and your nice floors and all that, just remember Jesus was a homeless. That's what the Bible declares for you and me. Every time I go to bed and I pull my pillow, I think my Lord didn't have a pillow and I have a pillow. So he he didn't have a pillow so I can have a pillow on my head. So so so we're not making ourselves anything in life. We had to to to u lift his name on high. So that's that's some people will say well that's pretty simple. Is that simple? That another guy will be in that a guy will be in a country and he has a dream being in another country and the Lord God of heaven is talking to him. Okay. Not the pope, not the state state presptor or the governor, God himself and revealing his word. And I'm here in Kentucky telling you this message isn't true. That could be simple. It's not for me. Now, what about Mr. Spencer? Is that simple? Not for me. If I'm dying and somebody has a vision, let's say him over there, and I'm dying, and the Lord tells him, tell this Mr. Mora that that he's going to live another 10 years. And then he showed me in the Bible here on these pages that it was God who spoke to him. I I'll start a business or something for another 10 years. I I'll I'll do something, brother. I'll get my cow or do something, you know, because if it's in the Bible, I believe it. Is that too simple? The man is well known. Ron Spencer all over the world. He preaches from the European nations to Canada, all over the place. And a little guy there in Charleston, Indiana has a dream from the Lord. And now the doctors come and say, "You are a miracle." To me, that settles the question. It has to be God. It has to be God involved in the situation. Don't you glad that he cares about our little details and our little life and situation that I mean the sister here. I mean think about that. It's just and then we just take it so for granted. It's like okay we went to church really. You went to church. It it was not like the old days. It was like the old days. It was not wellusa's truth. Well, they spoke in tonesues and they interpret tones and and they prophesied and and they have oil on their hands and things like that that came after. Well, that was wonderful for the good part. Right now, when it comes to realities of doctors saying those things and then we still move on the morning and get up and I guess I'm a message believer. I'm going to go to work and I'm going to do this that or the other. we probably had to, you know, kind of get on our beds or or wake out of our beds and and say, "Well, I think God is amongst his people, right?" And not only that, wherever you go, testify of it. You're the only light. There's no light. You see any light where you work? Do you see any light around anybody's? They don't have no light. You're the only light. So when you go to any city, wherever you go, you are the person who's holding that city for that day, that freeway, that tornado is going to be stopped because he's driving over there. Okay? So when you're driving, your little truck or your semi or your nice electric, whatever car you drive or a little thing that barely goes, okay? Well, your little car is surrounded by angels because you're on the car and you you don't have to pop up pop yourself say tell every, "Hey, I'm here. We're all okay. We're going to get home. Don't worry. Traffic is heavy. We're going to get home." No, you just have to realize you are the person who's the angel is watching. So, that tornado is going to go above the bridge. It's going to hit the field and it's going to go to the other side and you're going to get home and you're going to have the recording that I show some people here. I showed you the recording, right? Or somebody I don't know. I show it to somebody there in Indiana the other day. I mean, we're in the middle of the tornado right there and I'm recording. Said, "Well, there's a tornado over here about our heads. Everybody's under the bridge. It's okay. Let it pass. We just We need to get these people moving so we can go home." But that's how life has to be for a believer. Not being concerned about anything. You know if you have a situation in life, we all have situations, then just take it to the Lord. Just come, Lord, this is what is really hard on me. Help me Lord Jesus. And and it could be a situation to humble yourself. You know, myself, brother Tommy was saying sometime back on his testimony that he he he could not speak in public. Imagine myself, brother. I can hardly say anything. I can say amen, but beyond that, my my hallelujah have a little accent, too. So imagine I can say anything. I can hardly speak anything. But whatever I can do for the Lord, I'm going to do it. And then whatever situation the Lord puts on your hands, use it. Use it. And don't feel like you're not capable to do it. You are the only light on this earth. That's the only light that you have. And and I'm gonna move on there. If if they call me about this testimony, they can call me. You can give my number. It's okay. the whole world. Okay. About these testimonies, everybody. If a critic says, "Oh, that guy says that he saw brother Brandon back in the past and then he saw the Brandon tabernacle back in the past and then the God was talking to him." Yeah. Tell him to call me because he can show you things. Moses wrote the Bible, went back to the past. He saw Adam naked, his wife. He saw the serpent in the past and he was in the future. And then he wrote about the future, the Messiah. So Moses was able to go back in the past, stayed on the present and then go on the future, come back again and tell Joshua how things are going to go over there. Past, present, and future. Because that's God. Going back to another wonderful testimony. I'm looking at the clock. Nine. Another 10 minutes maybe. Yeah, I think it's almost nine, right? I see almost nine. So, this this war this word is is eternal. I tell my wife and the kids, I said, "Remind me of some of the testimonies because I have too many. One of them another dream. This is the hurricanes that happen in Florida. You don't make those things." Brother Brown said, "You dream me a dream, right?" No. No way. There's no way you can do that. If the Lord has a time or something for your life, he will show it to you. But there's no way you can say yourself, "Okay, at 1:00 a.m. in the morning, I'm going to dream about this and by 1:30, I will cut the dream and then I write it down and I go back to sleep." You cannot control that. Well, let me let let's go back to if this was too simple, let me give you one that might shake your your shoes, especially those who don't believe. The believer, the believer believes, Brother Brandon says, right? The believer believes all these things are common things for you because you're a believer. But the common person, well, let's go back to the common person if somebody's watching this, okay? A common person, okay? An average person. 2015, that's about 10 years ago. We live there in Jeffersonville, Indiana. There on on on core and walnut somewhere over there. I can give you the address. uh 420 Walnut Jeffersonville if somebody wants to check the house. We did pay the rent and everything is okay. But anyhow, they can check the house where we live. Okay, we will pray. We will have devotions before we go to bed and things like that and then I will I will go back to the message and then brother Brandon says that the Lord himself makes himself there and he comes present when you speak about him. And we were just praying and things about the kids going to school and working and stuff like that. And we're praying. We're reading our Bibles and we perhaps read a little bit of the message or put a little tape or something, you know, a little portion perhaps a half a tape or something. But we're on the word of God and all of a sudden I just felt Brother David, I said, "The Lord is on this house. The Lord God is on this little house." Didn't I tell you, Maggie, for days? I said, 'The Lord is on this house. We were surrounded by crazy people. 2 2 3:00 a.m. in the morning, you hear gunshots and things like that and people screaming and cops and all over the place and we're still in bed. Okay. But anyhow, and and it just was something on my heart. I said, "The Lord is on this house." And I keep on telling my wife, I said, 'I won't be surprised that the Lord is going to come to the table here. Oh, he's going to wake up the kids tonight. I said, 'The Lord is right here on this house. We're praying and I was having a big back problem. Big back problem. I used to work in a place there in Jeffersonville welding and do a lot of things that I'm not going to even mention the details, but wonderful people, Christian message believers. But anyhow, I couldn't bend myself. We work with tools and things like that and you had to bend to pick a wrench or a tool or something. We work with cranes and different things and I couldn't bend myself. I struggled to get things. I almost got to get on my knee to pick a tool or or or something that I dropped or electrical something. We did electrical um a lot of stuff there, plumbing and all that and and my back was terrible. The the first two testimonies were too simple. This could be a little bit simpler for somebody, but it's the truth. We went to bed. I don't have the date. I don't remember the hour. It was a night right around 1 1:30, 2 a.m. in the morning, somewhere in there with hours of the night. I'm in bed. Then I feel such a headache. Terrible headache. You had them before. You had to take medicine and things like that to kind of control that. feels like your head is going to just come off. I never had such a headache in my life ever. Very terrible headache. It was just very, very hard to me. And I was thinking, I'm going to wake up my wife and we had she's going to rush me to the hospital. I don't want to do that. I'm going to miss Jeff tomorrow and and and I have this headache and I'm my goodness. And I I'm like, should I tell her? Should I tell her? And I didn't wake her up. Such a headache. And all of a sudden from the headache I went to a dream. And then I dream that Tony Brian, brother Nathan's Brian's brother, okay, you know him, okay, he was putting a board together. It was like a the back part of a bed and he's got like a a 6x6 real nice cedar wood and he's putting this board together and then he places the board it like so awesome. You you work with wood and before you know you're working with something it just fits right perfectly. And I said mine Tony how do you do that? It was just perfectly. I want I said he's a carpenter. He did it just perfectly. And I was just in the spirit and and and I and I and I saw myself there watching him doing this board. And then I turned to my left and then the Lord Jesus came from the kitchen through the wall through the washer room and I'm on my bed and this is my mind thinking well when he comes to this wall that wall is just going to burst open and there he comes. The wall didn't broke, didn't break, and he came through. And I'm like, I need to wake up my wife. I need to The Lord is is right about our bed. And and and I need to see him. I need to see him. And the walls were not cracked. He comes right above us. Exactly the way brother Brandon described him. The color of hair, color of eyes, the stature exactly the way brother Brandon Hullman's head of Christ right there came through the window. The window didn't shut her. Went out of the house. When I saw like the window, you know, he goes through the window, he vanished. And I'm trying to tell my wife, but I want to see him. and and and I just like if I die I don't remember nothing from there nothing at all till I wake up in the morning and I wake up in the morning I know I saw the Lord I know I saw Tommy um sorry Tony Brian you can ask him I gave that testimony in the church so it's it's not something new they know about He knows about it. Okay, you can ask him, sister, when you go over there to Indiana. Okay, this is years ago. And and then when I wake up, brother Brad, I felt like I was 12 years old. I felt so light, so renew, full of strength. Not a single ache or pain or or heaviness or stomach situation. I mean I feel so good. So good. I if I go back in my Jude days when I can jump rope or I can uh play soccer or I can do wild things, you know, and and if I I don't have the memory of those things and maybe I can go back and remember, oh, I remember when we did this or the other, you know, I can run this much or I can swim this much, right? I remember swimming there in the Pacific and I just go, "Wow, I can swim a lot back then. I can go on a bike back then." And and I remember feeling okay, but when I wake up with this dream, I feel super super light, super good. I had to write the dream down. Is that true, Maggie? I went. Is that true, Gian? Is that true, Sharon? Okay. And brother Brian can say that and many other people, my in-laws and all that. They're going to see the video. Is that true, Joshua? Is that true, Isaiah? Levi. Okay, that's a true. That's a fact. I went to work knowing what I know. I'm just working, brother. I feel like a deer. I feel like a I can jump on top of the building and come back inside and and no aches, no pains, no I don't even feel the boots. Not even my my helmet and my goggles and stuff like that that I have to use on a on that type of an industry, you know. I don't feel that. Not at all. I I feel good. And then I went I dropped a a socket or something there with these machineries that we machines that we used to put together for mining and stuff like that. Sorry, I was out of the microphone. But anyhow, and I vent pick it up. Oh my goodness. This thing is gone. Oh, I feel so good. And I I I couldn't just about to testify. And I told my coworker, he already went with the Lord, too. But anyhow, I said I said, um, I need to remember his name. But anyhow, I went I said, "You know what, Rey?" uh he worked for a company that we did some machines for the company and stuff like that. Worked together. He was Catholic. But anyhow, I prayed for him many times. The Lord healed him. But anyhow, I said, "Ray, you remember my back?" I said, "I don't have it no more." I went and play around the ground almost. I said, "I can bend now. I can do anything. We can go on them presses and put them together. I'm not going to struggle no more." Completely healed. Completely healed. To this day, completely healed. No, no pain at all. Nothing. Now, is this too simple that somebody can see Jesus with their eyes and and still leave? I saw him. I saw him. I have seen him. I have heard him before many times like in the first dream and all the dreams and all the things but I have seen him with my known eyes. So, so if somebody comes to you, let's say an in-law sister or somebody or or some business people or or a school teacher comes to you and question your experience with the Lord and he questions your religion and what do you do for life? Well, tell them you know what? The same God that was with Moses came and revealed himself in a prophet named William Brham. And we have proof of that. Thousands of thousands of thousands and thousands and thousands of testimonies. So if I feel just I don't want to say this word I feel bad for them people who saw the man William Brandon like Judas saw Jesus and betrayed him. Paul never saw Jesus then he saw him after he was resurrected and and he wrote the New Testament and we believe it and is the true right. The sister probably remembers brother Renan. I see him on the dream. Um, so what I what I want the testimony to be is for you all that that what you believe is not just a religion. It is not just something that somebody came up a preacher went to your jail cell and says, "Hey buddy, you have to repent. You have to serve the Lord and because your your life is going to be better. your your your family situation is going to be better. Your marital situation is going to get better. Uh your in-laws is going to like you anymore. Um I mean more but anyhow because it happens anymore. But what I'm saying is this here is the God is true. You know what? This God that we serve is a living God. He's a living God and he proves himself over and over and over and over again. If somebody tries to go back in the old days, one 1937 454, well, brother Brandon was just preaching and he said the pope from the United States. It was a prophet who said it. And read the first sentences on the message. He was teaching in the Holy Spirit or of the Holy Spirit if you remember right. So that same Holy Spirit told the prophet you say this use his mouth and said it. And now ourselves we live to see it. That's part of it. There's so many things that are taking place in the world that there is a fact. There's there's there's there's true. This message is nothing but the truth. Two more and I'll finish. Okay, two more short ones about the word of God and the message. Jesus Christ is the same just today, today and forever. And whatever you go in life, whatever you do in life, whatever you go through, just testify of it. This message is good to live super good. This message is good to raise children. The best one. This message is good to raise grandchildren. The best one. I have a grandbaby. Okay. I have a grandbaby. Her name is Chilo. I was there in Jeffersonville, Indiana on a store there a Saturday getting groceries and stuff like that. I'm I'm cutting it down now. Um doing some groceries and things over there. And I'm going there. My wife is with the shopping cart. She's already moving over there. And then I'm getting some milk. I want organic milk. and I'm trying to get my milk. And there's a man on a little electric chair. He's moving around. And then he says, "You're a preacher." And I said, "No, you're you're a preacher." I said, "No, sir. I'm just, you know, you're a preacher." And I just tried to, you know, walk away from him and trying to get my milk. And he comes comes around. He said, "You're a preacher." Ah, he said, 'Well, let me tell you why. He said, 'The reason why I know you're a preacher because you don't want to do it. He said, 'Th that's the best sign that I can tell you. Because the Lord has been calling you for time and time and you don't want to do it. That's check that because you don't want to do it. I can tell you you're a preacher, he said. And let me tell you something else. And I then when he says that, I go back on time in history and I said, 'Well, he's got something in there and he says, "Well, prepare yourself because the Lord is getting ready to do great things and you know it when you see it." Then I got my milk and I move on. My wife's already getting ready to pay. He's on the other side. And I told my wife said, "That man, do you know?" Nope. I I don't recognize him around the area, Jeffersonville, some places, you know. And and I said, "This man told me this, that, and the other." We got in the car. He's still looking at me in the parking lot. Goes away. He's about 64, 67 years old, great. He's got a little ba baseball cap there. I'm sorry. Then he said, "Get ready because the Lord is getting ready to do great things." That's a Saturday. The next day I'm at the house trying to take a little nap after church. We went to a certain church. I can remember. But anyhow, and then my daughter Stephanie comes to the house and I'm trying to rest. And I even told my wife, "Please don't let anybody wake me. I'm just gone. I need to rest." And then there she comes. It was like three, five minutes of my sleep. No dream. Okay. I'm sleeping good. And then my wife says, "Well, you you need to get up. Isaiah and Stephanie are here. They need to talk to you." And we were waiting for grandb babies for a while. And then she comes in a little brown bag and she says, "Hey, pull a couple little shoes." Baby, to me, with all respects, grown baby means a whole lot. It It means a whole lot. it. Especially the first one, it means a whole lot. And then I went back to the night before that man told me the Lord is getting ready to do great things. To me, having a grandbaby is a mountaintop life achievement. Achievement. I mean, I'm talking about fulfillment. something that the Lord allowed me to have. That little girl is spiritual. Oh my goodness. That man told me that I was a preacher. I'm not a preacher. He told me the reason why is because you don't want to do it. The Lord has called me in the past to different things. I'm not going to go to details. You knew Brother Collins, right? Willard Collins was the pastor at the Brandon Tabernacle. Do you know him? Okay. He asked me to speak at the Brandon Tabernacle. I'm not going to go to that detail because the time the Lord showed me another dream. I was in Mexico and brother Collins asked me to speak at the Brown and Tabernacle when I was in Old Mexico because we travel a lot. Not anymore but we used to go back and foreign places. Okay. When I come to Indiana, he asked me to speak. You know how I feel, brother. If I was a man who wants to make a name or somebody of himself, I would have take the offer. I would to go to the best barber. I would to get my suit tied and my best shoes. I will prepare myself. I will pray and I will come and preach because I'm not preaching in Rome. I'm preaching at the Brown and Tabernacle. Right? But I didn't took the offering. And even on the same vision that the Lord told me, I refuse. I was shaken to pieces. He asked me to speak. Now I know why he asked me for it. I refused that offer. There were some other offers before different places and I said no. This message is the truth. Now when it comes to what I'm telling you about my personal testimony about the Lord about the oh the the the the hurricane in Florida Halen or Helen or whatever hurricane the Lord showed me a a dream. I'm talking to a man named Elias. not Pontious Pilate, Elias, a a friend of mine, relative, and we're talking. He's from Florida. In the dream, he's telling me the governor says that we need to leave because there's a terrible hurricane. He said, "My brothers and everybody from Orlando are packing up. They had to leave." I wake up and I told my wife, I said, "There's a there's a hurricane coming to to Florida. Elias was telling me and I can see the whole state of Florida from the tip to the tough underwater with this ice. And I told my wife, I said, "There's a hurricane coming. I saw it. I didn't tell nobody. If I go to a church and tell it, ah, brother, come on. You dream too much. You always told us that the 10 dreams over there and this dream and this all the dream, you just dreaming too much." I would have told to Mr. Dantes. I would have called him and say, "Sir, get ready. There's a hurricane coming." I saw it with my own eyes and it happened to the letter like a week, week and a half. Then when I had the dream, I start checking, you know, the checker chair or or the hat or the shoe or the table, the guitar, right? I'm start checking for those details, right? Because I already saw it. Nothing. No hurricanes in the area. like a week after there he comes and he washes all Florida and I told many people right Maggie many people about it uh so I'm taking a lot of time uh forgive me for that I'm sorry I apologize for for all the time that I'm taking last one when it comes to an eyewitness of this message the Lord has given me privileges that not many people has had in their lives. Okay, I'm not going to go back to family roots or anything like that because that's no no heritage to brag about it. Not at all. But I can brag on the heritage of God's family and his word. That's the only thing that I have. Okay. I had the privilege to have a friendship with brother Willard Collins. He was the pastor of the Brandon Tabernacle for about 44 years. Since brother Brandon passed away, he was already assistant pastor. And if you know the history, he moved to Arizona. When brother Brandon passed away, brother Neville gets sick. I know all details. They're they're my friends. I I can tell you the details about brother Neville and and things like that because the Lord gave me that privilege to go to their homes. They told me personal testimonies. Brother Wi uh Collins invented a machine to cut hate and things like that. I still have his business card at the house. He begged me to come and see the machine. I never went. I would have gone. But anyhow, I have been friends with brother Collins. He will ask me to preach at the brand tabernacle. I could have been the the janitor of the church. They will pay my rent in front of the brand tabernacle. I refuse that too. Brother Hickerson, he spent many times, hours with him. This is brother Brandon's friends. I got to work with the family. Brother Joseph Brandon, brother Billy Paul Brandon. When they asked me to work for them, the Lord showed me a vision. He sent somebody to tell me he needed to talk to me in the back of the church. The Lord then showed me the night before and I said, "Brother Eddie, it's Joseph Brandon. I'm going to meet him in the back of that corner church." He said, "Who told you?" Said, "The Holy Spirit." I went around and exactly I met him on the corner. He offered me a job. I I had duplicated. I had help with the translation. when they record the translations many tapes like Amnesia many many tapes different different languages on India French and different other countries and stuff like that by the thousands okay I I I try I well they translated them we we duplicate them make more okay I had the privilege that brother Billy Paul Brandon wrote a lot of paychecks for me okay so if somebody says well this that or the other I know these people especially like brother Collins, brother Hickerson, even Fred Sullman. I met him in a church. He said he was the Messiah. I said that's pretty heavy, man. He was not the Messiah. But he said it, right? And I'm saying this on this church. Anybody who's watching this video, the pastor is not saying this. Ed Moa is saying this not the pastor. Make sure you understand this here. So I had the privilege to know the friends of brother Brandon. They were and some is still alive are my friends. I could have wear their even their own clothes. I could have wear the president of Boys of God Recordings personal shoes and clothes and jackets if I wanted but I didn't want them. They help me so much. Okay. So, when it comes to this message, this message is true. If you know anything about history things in Jeffersonville, this that or the other. I I've been a person that I have dig into this message. I I don't I don't like to have it just here. I like to have it over here, too. When a question arise, I can have the answer right on the spot. I have the mysteries of God here written down. 1962, brother Brandon is is quoting the the mysteries the Mr. Scoffield put on the Bible. I know that I I can tell you what tape he said it because I had myself into the message. If somebody saying that, okay, okay, yes. Yes. That's when brother Brandon came over there and and the gun blew up and he went to brother Rattle's church and I can give you even the dates of the tapes. Like when somebody somebody says, "Well, I'm glad that brother Rena says um good evening friends." He called me a friend. I said, I can go a little bit beyond that. He calls me precious friend. Good evening, my precious friends. Right before he went to Arizona, he said it. Okay. And not only that, I got I got to stop. This word is the true. This word is the true. So, I encourage you to to not only believe it yourself, okay? Not only have it for your own personal, feel proud about it. Tell the world about it. What do you believe? The prophet William Mariam Brandon. Where is he from? Where? Well, here in Kentucky. What did he said? Nothing but the truth. He didn't preach nothing out of the Bible. Exactly. On the Bible. That was the prophet that was prophesied that will come on this age and we're privileged. We're not in Ghana. We're not in South America. We're not in Nepal. What's the name of this state? Kentucky. I think I said it right. This Kentucky. Okay. You're privileged people. You're privileged people. You should be on fire for this message. You should be on fire for this message. Wherever you go, whatever um whatever you do in life, refuse the things of life. The world is full of stuff to clog your eyes and your ears so you don't hear this still small voice. Do you have it? You had the greatest privilege that mankind ever had. So when you wake up in the morning tomorrow and you go about your lives, just realize who you are. You didn't body, you didn't deserve it. A lot of us, none of our forefathers were Christians filled with the Holy Spirit, you know, and and here we are understanding this message and the truth of God in our day. We need to get up in the morning and and with our children, grandchildren, co-workers, business people, you need to you need to go like a brother say up in Ohio. He went to a business place and they're trying to find a table for themselves so they can eat. He said he called the waiter. He said, "Hey, I'm the most important people or person that you're going to meet today. So, find me a seat. There will be no other guy more important than me sitting on your restaurant. That's why he said it. I didn't say it. Somebody said it. Okay. That's the way you have to leave. That's the way that's the way you go about life. Use the more important this the most important person on your business, brother Tommy. On your business is how do you do this? He helps me. He's my provider. He's my defender. He picked me out when I could not pick myself. I couldn't get myself together. And I tried this way and I tried this way and I could have put myself together, but he put me up. I'm not going to refuse that. I'm going to walk on this light and leave this message and tell others about it. Now, when it comes to the word of God, you know, this word is anointed. Okay? And there's anointing there's anointed preachers like brother Thomas here and many other brothers that preach with the anointing of the Holy Spirit of God. But there's one thing too that I think we're missing so much on the tapes. Talking about the tapes now because somebody makes a denomination on the tape. That means that the tape itself is denominated under something. That's the free word of God. Brother Brand has said it. We believe it. Finish. Right. The question is over. Oh my goodness. I had to stop. Was coming from Indianapolis. I was telling this John coworker about the meetings in Louisiana. Brother Wayne Lawson was preaching wonderful services years ago, the Holy Spirit falling upon the meetings. And I was just testifying to this young fellow. I want him to have what I have and he just don't have it. And I said, "Brother," I said, "Remember when brother Brand," because he knows a little bit about the message. He said, "Remember when brother Brandon went up to Metawaka, Indiana, and he goes over there and he sees these two people and then the black man comes, he's he's 80 some years old and he's he's he said, "Well, brother, do you start preaching about, you know, from Genesis over, I'm going to go back before the horizontal rainbow and before the creation was ever what made and the Holy Spirit drop upon him and he said, "You don't have enough room for me to preach, right?" And brother Rana is sitting over there and he says, "Boy, if the Holy Spirit or what these people have can do that for that many, what it can do for me?" I was telling him that story word by word. He he turns his phone and then he start playing a tape, some tape, some message. The phone drops on the floor. He bends, picks the phone up. I'm glad you have a clock here, brother. That works better than that one. This is a pulpit. So, this is what you follow, not that one. Praise the Lord. But anyhow, he uh the phone drops, he picks the phone, the phone changed to a different tape, and he play exactly the words that I told him word by word. Right there. Wow. He didn't make it. I didn't tell him that they play exactly what I have say two minutes before, maybe a minute and a half. That means the Holy Spirit was pleased what I was telling him. And the Holy Spirit changed the tape, title, whatever was playing on that and put another sermon. And the Holy Spirit went and grabbed the very word and put it on the very minute, on the very instant, exactly what I was telling him. on the on the spot. My wife had a little plant tree over there on the house. It was a little palm tree or something that we bought somewhere in Alabama someplace over there. And and and one was doing good. The other one's not not doing too good. And I told her, "Well, just talk to the plant. Start talking to her. Tell her, "Well, get better. We like you. You know, do you you two look good at the house here? You know, talk to the palm tree." Roll Tommy. I go to work. She's playing a tape. Okay. She's playing a tape. She goes outside to talk to the palm tree. Brother Brandon is saying exactly what I told her. Brother Brandon said, "Isn't that a nice palm tree?" Did she make that happen? Did she plan to do that? Did she pick the the tape and the number and the words of brother Rana would say when she opened the door to go over there? She didn't do it. Hundreds of times I was healed of getting blind by hearing the tape. Perfect fa. The Lord heal my sight. The Lord. Oh my goodness. I need to stop. We were at the old house there in Mexico. Halisco. Little brick house is still there. Somebody called me the other day. They want to rent it out. They're going to have it anyhow. No, it's empty. They need to use it. They need to cut the trees and do some work on the house. But anyhow, I need somebody to move in the house. We're playing a sermon from Brother Brandon. Then my sister from the city comes and she's bringing some the nice bread type that you have over there. Uh the Mexican style sister over there from Guadalajara is famous. It's real good bread. But anyhow, and we're playing this tape and then they come, they park their work band. He's an electrician. He parks a white nice band over there. And I told my wife, I said, "We're hearing the tape." I said, "There's Stella, that's her name, my older sister, and Arturo, her husband." I said, "They're coming to the house. I don't know what to do for respect. I need to turn it off." But I said, "I'm not going to turn it off. They they if they need if they're coming to our home, it's a Wednesday night. We're hearing this tape. They need to wait till we finish. Then we go about their visit. Right. So, we're there and and then I said, "Well, I'mma I'm going to ask her to come in the house. There's plenty of seats and stuff. She can sit over here." And I go to the door. And I opened the door and she said, "Oh, uh, Lo is a nickname for it." And said, "Lo, uh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to disturb you all. You guys are hearing that sermon. Uh uh but but we we wanted to breed you some bread. Imagine you have five kids and it's a big basket of bread and you got coffee and milk or something. You can have a jubilee before you go to bed, right? So she comes over there and I said, "Brian, my goodness, it's a good thing. Praise the Lord." And then sorry I missed one part. Thank you, Lord God. They park the truck, the van, and they come in front of the house. I know who they are. I know the vehicle that they drive. And and I go to open the door. And then Brother Brandon says on the tape, "And the children eats the bread that is sent for." And I go and open the door and I said, "Wait a minute. No, you you're not in trouble." I said, "Come on. We're hearing this tape from this American prophet. You need to hear what he said on the tape. Exactly what you told me. And the children, I may not put in the works exactly together. You older people must know this by memory. The children is the bread that is sent for. You can finish the phrase if you remember that part. Okay? And we're hearing that. So let me tell you by finish this. I'm not promoting anybody or anything. This is a testimony of what the Lord has done in our lives. Okay? That's all I can tell you. This word is anointed. This word can change your life. This word is eternal. Heavens and earth will pass and is passing but this war will remain. And what brother Brandon preach and record is still as good as it was in 59 36 37 65 and beyond. Okay. Is still the true. So, if you're thirsting and you're you don't know what to do in life, just grab yourself a tape, play it, and the Holy Spirit is going to give you the answer for it. The answer for it. And and and and and if you wonder why I scream and holler, "Amen." Not Gloria, but hallelujah. You know, something like that. And that order is because when I'm working or I'm driving, I have the prophet playing on my car and one tape. I can play one tape and I have enough anointing and I have enough fire on my life that I can go for years and then the the good part to have it on my heart that is right there is a store. It's right there. It's a store for a living because everything is going to fail. Everything is going to break apart and it's breaking apart. But if you have that word, what I encourage you is not so much have it in a physical or or a phone that you can play with it. Have it here that you can you can go back as you drive and as you do your life and you living, you can literally put a sermon together. If you're in the word of God, you can have everything you you you can quoted scriptures from from the beginning to the end. and h how how David was able to sing the the psalms by the Holy Spirit. How John was able to say he's the lamb of God because he was on the word of God and the Holy Spirit was there. Now our God is a living I need to stop. Our God is a living consuming fire. I if if if if we get in that channel of that you live in a revival 247. Amen. 24/7. That you're constantly on that revival. Constantly. Constantly. Constantly. When you talk to your kids. Oh my goodness. I I I just need to stop. My grandbaby Shiloh. My goodness. That testimony about great things. We was in Indiana. We told your sister about the meetings over there. You know, the brother from Texas and and Ohio, they came and preaching, you know. Anyhow, he this preacher George, he's preaching and everybody's like they don't know what he's talking about. And then he says something tremendous. Tremendous. Nobody said nothing. Not even me. And my grandbaby, she's on the back of the church. She's not even three years old. And she says, "Amen." And the preacher replies to that child's and notes, "Who's the only one who captured that word? Who's the only one who got what he said?" I told my my daughter, I said it was a child was saying amen and hallelujah and praise God and all that on the back. And when that preacher says something tremendous, that church would have gone fire. Everything was so quiet. But the baby said, "Amen." That old man told me, "Get ready. The Lord is getting ready to do great things. I'm not promoting my grandbaby to be a preacher. She's going to be a a housewife. Got if the Lord terries. Okay. I have two granddaughters. Neither one will be a preacher. Okay. If I ever have a grandson, then I can say he might be a preacher. Okay? But they're not going to be preachers. But John the Baptist was filled with the Holy Spirit before he even came to the earth. We believe that, right? So it's the Bible. So these days that we're living, if somebody comes to you with something, you know, so and so is making a video about this and about that foolishness. That's not right. If there's a way in the word of God and in the message, pray for the person. If the word of God says, "Oh my good, I need to say this. Anything that it has been said or it could have been said about the son of man Jesus in flesh will be forgiven. Right? He said but when the holy spirit come when the spirit of truth comes one word against it will not be forgiven on this world nor the world to come. That's tremendous. I If I had a little thought, brother Tom, if I have a little negative something there, I will blow it before it even gets half a word. Blow it away because this is the true. Nothing but the truth. This word is true. So, I'm here to testify and to tell you that this message is alive. The Holy Spirit is alive. Jesus is going to come for a bride. She's making herself ready. And then she's receiving the earnest. And with the earnest, there is dividends. The dividends on the conversation, sister, with the doctor. That's part of the dividends. And that proves that it's a resurrection because something is already broken or or or damaged and then all of a sudden just comes again. That's creation. That's God creating again. Not in a younger person. The reason why I'm giving this testimony because I'll be 50 years old in August the second this year, God willing and I don't want to wait no more. Brother Brandon said, I'm getting to be an old man and I' I'm an old man now. He died at 54. I'm an old man and I'm not going to let another day, another week without me telling anybody to encourage the church, to encourage the believers. That's that's the testimony. What the testimony does and and and and and to get another one that might be interested into light and and not only well I well well No brother, here your water baptism is wrong is on the Bible. The only light in the world is on this message. You mean to tell me that the only pastor in this whole county or three to four, five counties around, the only pastor that has light is him? Yes, sir. I'm telling you that he's the only one. No other one. Okay. So if you're the only one, you should leave. You should talk. You should conduct yourselves that way. You're the only light. So when it comes to any situation, don't back. Not even the dirt behind the sole of your shoot on the devil. Not even that much back on the devil. nothing when it comes to dressing for for ladies, when it comes to to the word of God, when it comes to faith, when it comes to believing, nothing. I have burned all my bridges. All of them. I have I don't have nothing to go back to it, but I have a lot to go forward. Have a lot to go forward. And and I'm I'm pressing on for that because it's so good to be a message believer. It's so good to be a message believer. It's so good to know that William Brandon was God's prophet. It's so good to know that and testify about it everywhere I go. And it's so good to know that the God of William Brandon lives on flesh. Your flesh. Your flesh can be anointed and you can see visions and you can prophesy according to the spirit and the time of the spirit with this word. And it's not limited. A sister can see a vision about her ditches, about her broken machine. Oh my goodness. God bless you. I had to stop. It's just too much. Brother Tom, God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Appreciate that. All right. Who's I didn't know who's next. I was going to say, but we appreciate that, brother Ed. God bless you to hear that God is still working in our hearts and lives like that. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, Amen. It's certainly good. Wasn't that time just flew by? I don't know about you, but it just flew by. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, brother, I tell you what, he told me he had stories to tell, and I'm sure that's just a fraction of what you got. So, it's certainly good to see how God works. Amen. I really like the one thing he said about the Bible and the message of the hour is the truth. How many believes that? That's that's our absolute. Amen. Praise the Lord. That is our absolute. And uh everything I say, everything but anybody says has to line up with that. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We made history tonight. Amen. 33 years. We've never went this long on Wednesday night. So, brother, you made history tonight. God bless you. Amen. Didn't hurt us a bit, did it? No. Didn't hurt us a bit. Amen. I'll tell you what, you know, they used to Paul used to have what? All night meetings, you know, all night long with who's next, you know, and let's testify some more of this great God that we serve. Amen. So, let's stand tonight. Amen. I think we'll just have prayer and let you go. Amen. And so, how many have really appreciated that testimony? Let's give him a hand. God bless you, brother Ed. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord Jesus, we humbly come before you, Lord Jesus. And we have heard tonight, Father, in a great way, Lord Jesus, how that you still show visions, how you still work in dreams, Lord Jesus. And we're never we're never afraid to hear somebody testify of thus sayeth the Lord, this is going to happen or Lord, because we know and been taught by your prophet that Lord, if it truly is of God, we ain't got to worry about it. It's going to take place. And Lord, to hear, Father, that this brother has had these visions and these dreams and it really did come to pl come to pass, Father. Lord Jesus, that means it's of you. And we pray, God, that you would continue to work in this congregation, Lord, each and every one of our hearts, Father, that's full of your spirit, Lord Jesus. Work in us in a mighty way. Help us to realize that you're not dead. You're not just a God of history, but you're a God that's present, Father. Lord Jesus, we so much see it, Father. Even in the working of the miracle, Lord Jesus, in my wife, Father, Lord, we see you working, Lord Jesus. And we know that each and everyone in here, Lord Jesus. Father, you're working in their lives, Lord Jesus. Work among us, keep working among us, Lord. Help us to see you. And as our brother said, not to keep our eyes on the things of the world or to be too entangled in the things of the world, but more in prayer. Lord Jesus, help us to be the kind of people that it wouldn't be nothing for us to really have an all night prayer meeting to talk about the Lord. Amen. All night long, Lord Jesus. Father, we do thank you for this service. And we know that it went long, Lord. But that's okay, Lord. We needed a service that went longer than what we're used to, Father. And I do pray for each and every one, God, for the sacrifice and the patience that they've had, Lord. that you'd make give them an extra good sleep for the morning, Lord, so they'd be ready to go to work in the morning and truly get up and thank you, Father, for being privileged people, Father, when thousands of around us, Lord Jesus, don't know you, you picked us, Lord Jesus. And we're so grateful, Lord God, for the work of grace that you did in our lives, Lord Jesus. Now, Father, we come to a close of this service and we ask, God, that go with each one, Lord Jesus. each one that has driven far, give him traveling mercies, Lord Jesus, and help us to ponder these things that we have heard, Lord Jesus, and appreciate them in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. God bless you. You're dismissed.
