################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-08-25 - 2024-08-25 Bro. Josue Nsianfumu - I Will See The Promise Of God - Josue Nsianfumu.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-08-25
Title:    2024-08-25 Bro. Josue Nsianfumu - I Will See The Promise Of God
Speaker:  Josue Nsianfumu
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQd73JmC6fM
========================================

Description:
Bro. Josue Nsianfumu
Sunday, August 25th, 2024
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good morning, Saints. Starting a little late here this morning, but uh we're uh out of piano players this morning. So, uh Sister Davey's going to try and help us out a bit, and brother Farah's going to kind of take the lead with the guitar. So, what it'll mean is all of us raise our voices and sing to the Lord this morning. Good to have the visitors. I don't know all of you. Sister Janette, I believe it's Sister Janette, right? God bless you. Nice to see you. I don't know you folks. I think I must know you, but um the names aren't coming to me right now. God bless you. Each one of you, would you stand as we start our service this morning? I lift your name just a course this morning as we raise our voices in praise to the Lord. Well, I lift your name, your holy name, Jehovah, God. Elohim. Oh, you're the great I am. You're the risen lamb, my comfort and my peace and mercy. Oh Lord, my heart's desire to be filled with spirit fire. My purpose is to worship you alone. Lord, open up my soul to worship and adore to be a fragrance offered to your throne. Oh yes, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Elohim. Oh, you're the great I am. You're that risen lamb. my cup order and my king. And from glory to glory, he's changing me, changing me, changing me. His likeness and image to perfect in me the love of God showed to the world for he's changing changing me from earthly things to the heavenly is likeness and image to perfected me. The love of God shown to the world and thou art worthy. Oh, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy, oh Lord. Oh yes. To receive glory, gloryy and honor, gloryy and honor and power. [Music] For thou hast created, hast all things created. Oh, thou hast created all things and for thy pleasure. For they are created for thou art worthy, oh Lord. One more time, brother Tiso, would you count an open prayer? Oh, thou art worthy. Thou art worthy. Oh, thou art worthy, oh Lord. Oh yes to receive glory, gloryy and honor, glory and honor and power. For thou hast created, hast all things created. Thou hast created all things, [Music] oh, and for thy pleasure. Oh, they are created for thou are worthy. Let's bow our heads and pray. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, we come before you Lord this morning. We just want to thank you Lord to be gathered Lord in your holy name this morning Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we have come to worship you to lift our voices Lord. Lord just appreciating what you do in our lives Lord Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus Christ we just lift our cups Lord this morning. And Lord Jesus Christ we just pray Lord may you fill them up Lord Jesus Christ. Lord give us strength Lord Jesus Christ for tomorrow. Give us strength Lord Jesus Christ for the weak Lord Jesus Christ. Give us strength Lord that we need Lord to fight the evil age that we are living in Lord Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus Christ we believe that your house is just like a hospital Lord Jesus Christ. Lord may you heal our hearts Lord Jesus Christ. May you correct our thinking Lord Jesus Christ. May you correct our attitude Lord towards your word towards one another Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we love you Lord. We appreciate your holy name Lord. We believe Lord Jesus Christ as your word says where two or three are gathered in your name, you'll be there in the midst Lord Jesus Christ. We know that Lord we don't have uh the normal settings that we are used to Lord Jesus Christ. But Lord we just want to forget about all that and just focus on you Lord Jesus Christ just to create an atmosphere Lord that you may come and speak to us Lord this morning Lord. We are not looking to a man or any normal setting Lord. We are looking to you Lord Jesus Christ. Come and speak to our hearts Lord Jesus Christ. And we just pray Lord Jesus Christ for the visitors Lord in our gates Lord. May they be blessed Lord Jesus Christ. May they go back Lord with something from you Lord this morning Lord Jesus Christ. And we just want to commit those Lord that have traveled Lord Jesus Christ to different places. Those who are ministering in Lebridge, those who are ministering in Edmonton Lord Jesus Christ. May you be with them Lord Jesus Christ. And may they be a blessing Lord to those that they are ministering to Lord Jesus Christ. We commit everything Lord into your hands Lord. We pray that you have the preeminence Lord this morning. In Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. May we shake someone's hand as you're seated this morning. Wish somebody God's blessing. [Music] Oh, there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame with the fire that fell at any cost which cleans and made them clean. You can have your seats in burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I want I want Oh, I'm so I can't see. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can't see. I'm one of them. All these people may not normally [Applause] now both far and wide. His power is yet to save. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm wonder. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh my brother, seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin that will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul a flame. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Aren't you glad for predestination tonight this morning? Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord that we could see this glorious word. What a blessed people we are this morning. We're just going to sing the verses of this just to save a little time. See sing verses. So jump to the verses and then the last we'll sing the chorus. Redeemed how I love to proclaim it. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mercy. His child in forever. I have secular mercy. Redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No language my rapture can tell. I know that the light of his presence with me and continually well. Oh, I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of him all the day long. Oh, I sing for I cannot be silent. For his love is the theme of my song. Oh, I know I shall see in his beauty. The king in whose law I delight who lovingly guarded my footsteps and given me songs in the night. Everyone now the course. Oh redee redee redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh redeemed. Redeemed his child and forever I am. And oh, what a friend [Music] who walks beside me. Aren't you glad for that? Oh, he holds my hand and he safely guides me. Oh, safe in his arms. [Music] He'll always guide me. Oh, what a friend. He is to me. He's down. If you would call the demons right after this, the way my road is windy. He can see around my pathways been deep. Oh, he'll take me through one day. He is indeed. Oh, what a praise. He is to me. First verse again. Oh, what a friend who walks beside me. He holds my hand. Oh, and he safely guides me. Safe in his arms. He'll always guide me. Oh, what a friend. God bless you saints. It's always wonderful to see your beautiful spa faces this morning. Let's pray. Our dear heavenly father, father, it is an honor and a privilege to bring each one of us this morning into your house. It is by your grace that we have assembled here. The devil might try to do whatever that he can, but this morning, Father, we are going to defy gravity and lift up our voices, lift up our hands, and to thank you, Lord. Father, we did not come here on our own accord. You call us to be here this morning. We know what you have done for us, Lord. We don't deserve to be here this morning. But here we are this morning. Lord, we forget about what we are going to do after the service. We want to give you all. We should have been dead. We should have been outside there being a servant for the devil. But here we are this morning. Lord, we want to thank you, Father, for your grace and your mercy. We don't have song leaders. We don't have musicians. I beg your part. But we are here Lord. As the prophet said, with this instruments, our hands, we can worship you this morning. We don't have to look at the modern circumstances and be quiet. We want to defy and praise you this morning. Father, we want to thank you for each and everyone that is here this morning. Lord, we pray the Lord Jesus as brother Paul is trying, Father, to lift us through the song service. Would you help our brother this morning? As the congregation is also trying, Father, would you help us this morning, Father, to worship you, to give you the praise that you deserve this morning? Father, you have done so much for us this morning. We thank you. We bless your name. Father, this morning we have so many of our brothers and sisters traveling. Would you be with them wherever they are, even including our pastor this morning, watch over him and his family. Father, this morning we are bringing our tithes and offering. We pray that Lord you receive it. bless it in Jesus name that we pray this morning. Amen. We are the generation. We [Music] are the generation. [Music] We are the culmination, the final voice. The world will hear the coming of the Lord is near. Living out the revelation, overcoming since temptation. This word will go to every tongue and nation. For we are the chosen generation. Oh yes, we are the generation. [Music] We are the culmination, the final voice this world will hear. The coming of the Lord is near. Giving out the revelation, overcoming sins temptation. This word will go to every tongue and nation. Oh, we are the chosen generation [Music] and majesty. We'll just call our brother come brother Joe's way if he'd make his way forward. We'll just uh we have no specials this morning so we're just going to go right to the word this morning. Let's sing Majesty as our brother comes. Oh majesty. [Music] Oh worship his majesty. Oh, unto Jesus be all glory, honor and praise. Oh majesty, oh kingdom adority, flow pro unto his own his handsome praise. Everyone now, oh so exalt, lift up on high that name of Jesus. [Music] Magnify, glorify Christ Jesus our king. Oh majesty, [Music] king of sity. [Music] Oh Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. So exalt. Oh so exalt. Lift up on high that name of Jesus. [Music] Magnify glorify Christ Jesus our king. Oh mesty. Oh, worship his majesty. Oh Jesus who died now glorified king of all kings [Music] and touching Jesus is all that really matterers. [Music] Oh, and your life will never be the same. [Music] One more time. The chorus. [Music] [Music] Amen. Are you happy today? Amen. Are you happy? God bless you. I know today we will see the glory of God again. You know, okay, maybe sit first before I continue, before I start the preaching. You can just stay. It's okay. Just stay. Just stay for now. You know sometime when we going to the church we pray at home and you don't know what you ask God what can I have in the church I think brother Paul we didn't talk what song you need to sing no lead by spirits mean you can be in the secret place and you pray God so when the young leader or the minister standing in the pulpit preaching and you are 100% sure that what he was asking to God is what the preacher or the leader leading for for people. When brother Paul was leading the song I was re rejoicing in the room he said I'm one of them. Amen. When I will read my quotes, you will know that he was lead by spirit. I was jumping there was singing myself. I say yes, this is part of my preaching. And last Sunday when the preacher was preaching, he didn't know that I was rejoicing. Why? Because that was my prayer. Amen. When the preacher was rejoicing, preaching under anointing, he didn't know there was somebody was praying at home. Lord, I want to bring the preaching. But can you confirm that you want me to preach that on next Sunday, he will see the video and they will know, oh wow, that was somebody was praying for that. Amen. Oh, I'm already going to my preaching. So, let me let me go a little bit down. And we have a brother Emanuel who sick and his whole family are sick. So, we'll pray for them and we'll pray for all the brother who traveling and all the brother are sick. Today, something would happen. Amen. You know what we calling anointing? What we calling the power of gods? God is able to change the constitution of the country for you. That is the God we serving. God is able to change the entire city to move just for you. Amen. That is our God is so powerful. He can change things in second just for you. Just for you. He can change things. Okay. I would like you brother just to pray. I'm one of them. Just play music one of them because you will know today you are part of the plan of God. So even before the beginning God himself Elohim Jehovah he was making a plan just for you. Play it father. We can stand up when the brother singing. We will pray for brother Emmanuel and his family and we'll pray. Yeah, we can stand up and we can pray for any brother or sister. Today I want to pray for even your family. Amen. And one more thing I'll give you few seconds. Remember your enemy you are not his you are they are not your enemy but they are you are their enemy. Are you understand me? So today we will pray for our family and to pray for for our enemies. Just take a second remember who is your enemy. Don't don't worry for Satan because we don't have a time for him. That's right. Now think about your your your physical enemy. The one who make you in trouble all the time. So now you can pray for him. Can we close our eyes and pray for them? Father God, we thank you for your mercy and we thank you for your grace for this opportunity you give us, Lord, today. You want us to be in life so we can pray for brother Emanuel and his family for the sickness. And I pray also for our brothers and sisters who are sick physically in the body even spiritually Lord. And especially we pray for our enemies. Those who put us in trouble those who try to put us down and we pray for them. Lords, be merciful to them and help them to see your kingdom so one day they will know there is a God mighty. There's one God who's able to help. We thank you for your mercy and we thank you for your grace in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you musician. Now we can read our Bible. Let's take Malachi chapter is a is a family Bible verse. We know everybody. Malachi chapter 4 verse 5 to six. Do you have a Bible? How many people have a Bible? Okay. Even you don't have a Bible, open your phone. I allowed you to open your phone. Go to the Bible and read it with me, please. Are you there? I know it's there, but I want all you to read also on your site. Amen. Are you ready? Amen. I think everybody's are ready. Okay, let's read Malachi chapter 4 verse 5 1 2 3. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and grateful day of the Lord. Go to six. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to their fathers, lest I come and sm the earth with a curse. Amen. Amen. Did you read it? Did you enjoy it? Amen. Now I want you to see in your Bible, brother. Can you put it back back again? The same verse. Behold, behold, I will send who? Elijah. No, no, no. Before Elijah. I will send you. Who is you? So God mighty before how many people are 100 years here? Nobody. So before you was born, God already knew your name. So it was busy preparing Elijah. Amen. For you. Amen. So now put your name in you. Okay, we should restart now. Behold, I will send Joshua Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and the grateful day of so God will send Elijah You know who is Elijah? Yeah. Yeah. For us, we know who is Elijah. For the world doesn't know who is Elijah. So now we need to replace that prophet on his name. Are you ready? Amen. Okay. I will send you the prophet. How many people agree? May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of these words. Amen. God bless you. May seat. Today is another day. Hallelujah. Today is a wonderful day. You know, last Sunday I was not on the earth. I was in heaven. I was enjoying because this was anointing. This was a power of God's. I will talk about the three promise. There's more promises in the Bible. There's a many promises in the Bible. But my subject today I will talk I will I will see. That is the title. That is the promise. I will see. Say by yourself, I will see. I will see. I will see. I will see. And my title will be the promise of God. I will see the promise of God. Amen. The first verse we read this was Malachi and when you are in the message we know that Malachi 4 talking about brother Brham I was preaching in let's preach for one month just this subject I will send you the prophets now I realize realize that Malachi 4 is not only the promise for Brham. You are part of that promise. So in Malachi 4, your name must be there. I will. The one who talking is Jehovah. Yes, I will send you a prophet. So from the beginning, God is busy preparing Malachi or Branam for you. That was the plan of God in Malachi 4. So before the beginning of the world in God's plan, so he promised he say my promise to my people, I need to prepare someone for them. Amen. So he start preparing Brana. Amen. To bring the message but not for everybody. Not for everybody. It's not everyone will believe the message. No, you can preach them at work. I was talking to one of the guys. She's she's a indie. She's from India, but she's there's a Punjabi and Indi. So, she's a Indi. She had a problem with her family's mother law. There was no good communication. So I start preaching her. I said, "Do you believe the Bible?" She said, "I'm a Buddhist." I said, "No, that is not my question. Do you believe God?" She said, "I pray." I said, "No, no, no. I'm not talking about praying. Do you believe?" He said, "Joshua, my problem now is not about who I believe. I need a solution." I said, "Did you pray?" She said yes I pray many time I'm tired that's when I want to talk to you if you can help me I say okay I'll pray for you the next day she remind me you promised me to pray for me but nothing changed in my house that mean you didn't pray I said I'm sorry is it true I didn't pray forgive me but I promise you next day I will pray for you I was just coming in at talk. She's the one who was laughing already, rejoicing. She said, "I know you pray already." I said, "How did you know?" She said, "There's a peace in my house." Thank you for the prayer. So, prayer can change things. Prayer can change even the situation at your work, in a school, even in your company. Amen. Last time, Pastor Bry was preaching and I woke up at 3:00 a.m. I start praying. At 3:30, I sent him a message. He was already up. He was praying, too. He said, "Brother Joshua, oh, everything's good." I said, "Oh, really? You're already up?" He said, "Yes, brother. Since 3:00 a.m., I was already up praying. I didn't tell him anything because I know he's the one supposed to come to preach. So I hide my secret with my family. So when brother Bry was preaching, he didn't know. That's why you read he reads the testimony prayer reports last time. So we was praying at home and we had a problem with my my brother-in-law, my big big brother for my wife. So he was a candidate governor back home and the one who was fighting with him to get the position he had a more money. This guy have a million. So what he did he start corrupt everybody from the government. He went even to the president's family. But we didn't know that kind of story. We just pray. And when brother Bry was preaching, we was rejoicing, but he didn't know why we rejoicing for after the service. So I sent him a message. I said, "Brother, you didn't know what when he was preaching, you didn't know exactly what he was talking about." That was the answer for our prayer. And the things changed back home until my brother-in-law become a governor. It was by prayer and after that now he start giving us the testimony to tell us exactly what's happening. He say you guys you was praying but you didn't know exactly what is the prayer did in our family. Even the president's member of the family they was corrupt. They caugh some money but the last word was saying lords we don't have a million we don't have a more connection we have only you so we need you to go to the president himself touch his heart so he can son so that must be officially the the officially ceremony for my brother-in-law And the testimony is here. The president say I know what's going on but the only thing I can say the man must read the law. That's all my answer. That is the only words change everything. So the Lord when you're praying you don't know what's going on but later on you will see the glory of God. I will see that is my subject today. You will see what you was asking to God long time ago. You will see. Amen. Brother Brana was reading a quote. He read in Luke chapter 2. Can you take it with me please? You just sit. You can read it with me. Luke chapter 2. Let's start 25. And behold, there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon, and the same man was just a devoid, waiting for the consolation of Israel. And the Holy Ghost was upon him. Amen. That is the good thing to have a Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost can speak to you. 26. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost. Amen. That he should not see death before he had see the Lord's Christ. Amen. When brother Brham take this portion of scripture, if subject was Simeon, look at the title of the the subject of the preaching just a Simeon is someone name. If you go to the to the political people or party or those things, they will say but how kind of preaching is Simeon? What does mean Simeon? It's just a name. But on that preaching, listen what the prophet will say. This man, the Lord told him by the Holy Ghost. So, Simeon, you will never see death until you see the Christ. Amen. Can you imagine someone with 80 going around say I'm not going to die until I will see the Christ. Amen. We don't know when the Christ will come. We don't have a date, not year, not month, but he promised you will not see death until you see first the Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Say to your neighbor, I will see I will see the promise of God in my life. Amen. Brother, can you put now the picture? I will see the promise of God in my life. Did you see this picture? Can you see that properly? How many can you see that? Let me see your hand. I want you to make sure. In this car, there was a boy driving this car in the highway from Vancouver to Calgary. And you know on that session they call it chase and on that highway the speed you can't drive there less than 100 kilometer speed. You must be in hundreds to 120 even more for those who are speeding. How many people speeding like me? Yeah, my wife she helped me a lot because I was working in BMW in Cape Town, South Africa. So that is the way I become a bad driver. I was driving nicely normally but when I reach when I I I I went to this company there was a law I don't have a plate in my car when I'm driving and I can change five six or seven car a day and all the traffic they know they can't arrest me for the speed is a contract so I can speed 100 because from where I am I have to make Sure, because I was a driver in the cell department. So most of the time when I see the airplane, they will tell me in that plane there's our customers. So go to pick the guy. So on my roads, it's only me. So everybody's they are they are not my my side. So I can have a X5 or X6. So I will speed until the airport to pick up the the the customer and bring him back. So that is the moment I become a bad driver. But my wife, she helped me a lot because every time when I speed, she said, "Honey, did you check?" I said, "1 120, but I can go a little bit 130." She said, "No, no, they say 120." So the boy, he was driving according to the law of Abera and BC 120 on that highway between 110 or 120. and he went to collision with a semi-mit truck and this car flips several time and the highway you know the highway car a to BC we have a one highway the 16th Avenue so on that side is the highway national number one so both sides was closed because of this car accident. Both sides was closed and they were trying to get out the boy on this car. Okay. To be serious, I believe this guy will be out in the car alive. How many people think the guy can come out safe and in good condition? That is your God can do. And the guy who was in this car is your brother standing here today. [Applause] When you serving God, oh Lord, when you serving God, he will never let you down. Amen. I remember this day. I was just praying for someone was passing out in Vancouver after praying for that person. And she said to me, "Today was my last day. I can feel it, but you saved my life." I said, "It's not me. It's God." Amen. Now my back coming back to Calgary. I had this car accident. I was stucking in the car. If you see the picture of brother Branham accident almost the same. I was stucking in the car. I couldn't go out. That is experience to say everywhere you go get Christ with you. I always travel with my Bible and my Bible was in my car and I was singing. I was praising God's driving but praising God singing and testifying in my car. The Lord withd me. Who is with me? Miracle in my life. That is the song before I pass away in this car accident. Before I pass away, this is the song I was singing. The song was miracle in my life. I want a miracle in my life. Miracle in my life. I want a miracle in my life. I will wait and I will see miracle in my life. That is the song I was singing. You will see. I will read the quotes when brother say every time when he's walking try to sing something for God. You don't know what's going around you. Focus your mind in think for God. Amen. God will help you in the situation. I didn't know that in a few minutes I will be in this condition. And the last words of my month before I traveling the other side, I just scream Lord Jesus. That's all. I was gone. Let me tell you something. We are so scared of death because we are in this flesh. When you traveling over sight, you don't even care about anything. I didn't even think about my wife, not even about my family. on this car accidents. I was totally broken. Broken. My body was broken. My hand, my legs broken. I couldn't when I traveled to the other side, I didn't feel anything. Oh Lord, I was watching where I was going to. Beautiful place, nice place. There's no worry for work or for business or for school or for anything. Just a peace. I didn't want to come back here. Even when the Lord will ask me Joshua, can you go back to see your wife because she will be alone. I will say no you are there. Take care of him. What about your family? I will say no. It's better here than there. But when you are in this body, you want to stay here in this car accident. People were trying to help me. They couldn't. It took almost 45 or two hours to take me out. Both sides of the roads highway was closed. Both sides. Can you imagine? Both sides of BC and Abera both sides close for 2 hours. And this was in the news. They're talking about that. But there was a promise. The Lord say you're not going to die until you go back to Calgary and preach again. That's what I lack from God. If he promise you something, he will do it. It doesn't matter what is your situation. Even you are tired, you say I don't know what I can I how can I pay this bill? How can I do this? The Lord will provide. Even you are sick and the doctor say that is the hands the Lord will provide. I will see the promise of God in my life. Amen. Amen. The second promise God give promise to Simeon. He says, Simeon, you'll never see death until you see the cross. Simeon was not the better person in the world like you and me. We are not the better person in the world but we have a promise. Let me read what the prophet say. He preaches on 5 54 08 04 Simeon that is the preaching. Let's go to paragraph 13. Look what the prophet say. And this old man which a great pre prestige the Holy Spirit was upon him. And the Holy Spirit told him one day, Simeon, you are not going to see death before you see the Christ. And he had a good reason to believe it. If the Holy Spirit has say so, it's going to be that way. Just whatever God say, right? Now, I can imagine Simeon going around all over the country saying, you know, I'm not going to die till I see the Christ. Amen. Can you imagine God said to you that you will be the president of the United States of America? Amen. And you standing here in Calgary, you never do political things, never do something else, you never enjoy nothing. And the Lord said to you, I promise you, you will be the president of United States of America. So now you go to America, you start telling people, I will be the president of this country. You know what people will say to you? They'll think you are crazy. You say what are you talking about? We don't even know your name. You don't even have a follow up follow people who following you on on Instagram or or what is the name of that I think Twitter on Facebook we don't even know you how you be the president of United States of America said the Lord told me I will be the president that's 14 now you And imagine that people will think they say well that poor old fellow has something else went wrong with his mental faculties. See is it right? Because why look David look for him and a prophet looked for him and Yahweh in the worst condition where was ever in great capacity and everything and how is going to see the Christ and here is a 18 years old or better now one foot in the grave because you know when you become older people thinking think you're going down soon you will leave the world but young people think when I'm young I will take over so it will take longer to be like a to see death it will take longer but sometime we forget people dying as a baby people dying in the 20 in the 18th in the 10th so death is not only for old people sir And most always when people really trust God, they think they is walking up in some kind of a illusion or something like a fanatism or something. 15 just like Anna was in at the temple that day. She come in. That is what I want the church to remember. She come in. She didn't go up to the temple to see how the woman wore their hat. She didn't want to talk about the build the who build the new home, what kind of clothes will be the fashion to the next year. She made the building for the temple and right for the altar. She fell down there and prayed till even the priest thought she was drunk. She wasn't drunk. She was misunderstood. 16. And that the way with and many people today, they are not drunk or crazy, they are misunderstood that they just misunderstood. When you get in the spiritual thing, the worldly thing, why they see carnal the spiritual things to the worldly mind? And so Simeon was that kind of person. But no, no matter what people say about him, he still believe he was going to see the Christ because the Holy Ghost told him so. Now that is a good way. 18. If the Holy Ghost tell you something, if the Holy Ghost tells you something, you just believe what you are going to get it. And you're going to get it. No matter how long it takes, it's sure to bring it. It's just got two because he say he will do it. Every time when you come into the church, if the Lord says something to you, remember that it doesn't matter the time, how many years, how many months, it doesn't matter. The Lord will do it. Amen. 19 And I can just imagine the holy fellow going around testifying and telling the people that he wasn't going to die now till he saw the crush and he was expecting it. Sometime we don't expecting that. You know that is your promise but you're not expecting that. You know sometime you apply for the job or the contract and you forget even about that. You don't even care about that. No, take it your responsibility is yours. Talk about that. Talk about your healing about your promise until you get it. Amen. Amen. The third promise is the promise gi by Jesus himself. The first one was a promise. I will send you Elijah the prophets. Amen. And you know how many people waiting for Elijah. Last time was going to Israel in the airplane. I like to preach in the pulpit. It's good. That is our mission to preach in the church. But I like most the time to preach outside at work in my life especially in airplane in the buses. That is a good feeling to preach directly. There was a businessman from a a next to me and the spirit tell me to talk because it was a direct flight from Canada straight to Cheru to Tel Aviv in Israel. So I said this is a long trip. So I start talking to the man. First of all he started presenting himself as a businessman. So he didn't first first didn't want to talk to me because you know in the airplanes business people so taking care of his business and sometimes touching on his laptop or something like that. So I start talking to this man he say I'm a businessman from a some business I have some things and directly I ask him where are you going to? He say I'm going to Israel. I say yes Israel but where? He said, "No, we book a package. We're going to Jerusalem and we're going to this city, this city." I said, "Oh, yeah. We going also to to Jerusalem." He say, "Oh, that is more interesting." So, you going to Jerusalem? Where Jerusalem? I say, "Okay, we going to to the hotel is in the old city." He said, "Wow, that is the place where I'm going to." So, from there we start talking. So, he found interest now. Okay, that's man also is going there the same place. So we can start talking and from there I start talking about Christ. I like to talk about him everywhere. Any opportunity I start talking anybody say oh amen. Oh I'm a Christian too. So glory to God. So that is the moment I start giving the opportunity to that man to know Christ Jesus. Everywhere you are preach. You don't need just to stand in the pulpit and preach. No, even your life at school, at work, on the business, try maybe someone will believe God from you. So the second promise was Simeon will see the Christ. He will never die until we see the Christ. And one day the old man was going to the temple. The Lord told him, "The Christ is here in the temple now. Go and meet him." It's not everybody was seeing that picture. No, only that man. He was going to the temple not to see anybody, not to meet with anybody, not to do anything. He was going to see the Christ. And when you going to see the Christ in the church, you will see him. Amen. When you going to ch to the church with a purpose you have in your mind, I'm going to receive what I need. The Lord will give it to you. Amen. On that day in the temple when people was passing he was looking Lord where is the Christ so I can see him and when he come close the spirit say go to that lady a young lady on 16 years old carrying a baby with no nice clothes not beautiful one just the small one, cheaper one. And they saw the old man coming. When he saw the baby, he said, "Oh Lord, lady, can you give me your child? Mary, give her the child." Say, "Take it." When he touched the baby, he looked at her and he said, "Lord, I see the promise. I see the promise." Amen. Now I can go home peacefully. You will see your promise before you go home peacefully. Everything you needs, you will see that promise before you go home. When people was laughing on him, he knew today is my day. I'm going to see the promise right away when he saw the Christ said, "Lord, now you can take me home. I see the promise." Amen. You have a promise. Oh, I think something's coming. Most of the time you woke up at 3. Yeah. between 3:00 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. before 5:00 a.m. in the morning, but you you don't know exactly why you always wake up at that time. And most of the time when you wake up at that time, there's something coming in your mind telling you this person or you see a picture of someone, but you never know why. Why? What is the reason? This is the reason every time when you woke up at 3, 3:00 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. The first picture you see in your mind that mean the Lord want you to pray for that person. Now you got why you always ask asking God why I wake up at 3 and 4:00 a.m. That was your message. Amen. And the third one in Acts chapter 1 verse 4-6 that is the the third promise the Lord say Acts chapter 4 sorry Acts chapter 1 verse4 and being assembly together with them commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem but waits for the promise of the Father, which say ye have on me. For John truly baptized with water, but he shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. This is the third promise. Wait, don't rush to serve the Lord. Yes, sir. Don't rise to sing for the Lord. Yes, sir. Don't rise to preach for the Lord. Yes, sir. Stay until you be baptized with the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Ghost is the the the the message, the life of Christ in you. Then you can start serving the Lord. Otherwise, you'll be in trouble. Yes. But the Holy Ghost is your promise. He promised you will get the Holy Ghost. So you don't need to worry. When I was going to Jerusalem, I like to talk about Jerusalem because that is the most beautiful beautiful place I went to visit in my life. You can you can travel around the world, but when you reach Jerusalem, let me tell you something. There's a new Jerusalem. If you go there, we singing Jerusalem, new Jerusalem. If you go there, there's a new Jerusalem already with a car like we driving here with a metro, with all this. That is a new Jerusalem downtown. But there is another Jerusalem. But they call it the old city. When you enter there, you will feel like a David. You smell the old city. Everything you you you read in the Bible, you can see that be there. You don't you you don't even need to walk. You don't want to come back in Canada. You don't want to come back. So you want to stay there. Talking about the prayer, people wake up at midnight with kids going to the temple to pray. Talking about the prayer, your prayer can change things. Is a promise. One of the thing we see when we went to last supper where Jesus was with the disciple this is where he talking to them don't move stay in Jerusalem until you receive the Holy Ghost in that place you know what's happening there when Muslim take control of Jerusalem they also took a that place the last supper if you go inside there you You will see the scripture in Arabic because that place be it was a mosque for Muslim. But in that place that is where the promise was and that promise is not only for Jew in the temple. I went to the temple to pray and when I was praying a rabbi one of the rabbi called me because there's a on the they call it the the uh the what do you call it uh the wall cotel they call it cotel where everybody can come to pray but there is a synagogue next to that in that synagogue there is a holy place the people can pray and there's also the holy of holy so people can pray and I was praying one of the rabbi told me brother you can't pray like that this is not a church you know what was my answer I said to this rabbi I'm also the son of Abraham that was my answer I'm also the son of Abraham the promise was for Jew first. Stay in Jerusalem until you be baptized with the Holy Ghost. But the promise is not only for them. The Holy Ghost is not only for them. Even for those who are far away like those who are here in Calgary today, the promise is also for you. Amen. It's your promise. So to be baptized with the Holy Ghost is your promise. Today I want the church to pray because praying it can change thing. We have a thing we need to see God's and we want to see God's mighty work in our need. If those people receive the promise, they are not better than us. But the Lord mighty, it give them opportunity to get the promise. And we need to learn something. There's the difference between I'm going back to Malachi 4. Yeah. I will send you Elijah the prophet. There is the sender, the one who sending in the middle there is the receiver. Those who receive and the last one the messenger. So the work of the messenger is to bring the promise to the receiver. Amen. But the receiver job is just to wait and to receive the promise. The one who will make everything to work is the sender. That's right. So it's not your job to worry. That's right. Is his job to provide everything for you. Amen. Someone asked me last time, he say, "But brother, you wondering to do that for your wife to do that?" I said, "Yeah, this is my responsibility as a man." Yeah, I'm think I'm talking to someone now. As a man, everything Did I say something? Everything that your wife needs, you have to provide for her. Can you say amen, brother? Brother, can you say amen? Amen. That is your responsibility to provide everything for your wife. Why? The Bible say all the wife desire will be to who? Brother, can you respond? [Laughter] All the woman needs will come from the man. Brother Bonham say I will do everything everything I would do to make my wife happy. And that doesn't mean the wife you need to ask for private jets or yachts for your husband because you say no no I know my right now. So since tomorrow I need to make a list most of the time I'm traveling to the airport standing there long time no I need the private jet but Joshua says is in the Bible all my needs everything I need you provide. I need private jet and I need not those one a small one. I need the new brand new. Amen. So sister need to know also I know my husband's pockets how much he made. So if I need to ask something I will check also how much. But the problem sometimes as a couple the problem because we hiding our salary. Oh, I'm talking to someone because we hiding our salary. That's why your wife doesn't know how much you making. She will ask you the amount she because she doesn't know how much you making. But if you show your wife this is my salary. This is what I make and she will know how much she can ask you. Amen. That is who God can do. That is God's responsibility. So he need to make sure you get what he promised you. He will make it ready. He will prepare everything so you can get it. If he promised you the Holy Ghost himself, God, he will prepare everything so you can get the Holy Ghost. And you know what he said? The last one God was saying, I'm going to heaven to prepare the place for you. That is the most beautiful promise I like in my life. Take everything from me. Take it. Take my dress. Take everything. Let me stay with that promise. Amen. He promise I'm going to prepare a place for you. A place beautiful than Dubai. Beautiful place than Canada. You know sometime when you are in in the place you don't even think about the importance of that place anymore. Last time I was in B, I see many tourists coming to B. I say what are you guys doing here? Because I can go here and come back. I don't even not care to go anymore to B. We was talking with my wife where to go. I say B. He say oh we be there before. You don't need to go there. What about uh another place is closed here like Louis? He say oh we be there. But you can see people traveling and going to B. They want to visit Lake Louise. And for Canadian, why Mexico? My wife, she say, why Canadian? We always going to to South America. Say, but we like to go there. And some people say, no, we don't go to South America. Let us go to Dubai. And when you are there in Dubai, you don't want to come back in Canada with this cold. Some people say, "No, no, no. It's so too cold there." And somebody from South Africa, he say, "Brother, where are you stay?" I said, "No, I say Kary." He said, "No, no, no, no, no. You don't need to invite me. Don't send me an invitation. I don't want to go to Calgary. This is the most cold place. I don't want to go there." I said, "Why?" He said, "No, we are here in Cape Town in South Africa. So beautiful weather. We don't want to get there. But there is a promise for us. God is in heaven. He went to prepare the place for us. He say where I am you will be. So every time when you go to the church remember we come to prepare ourself to go to meet the Lord. Every time when you want to come to the church, pray. Bring your fire to the church. Bring your amen in the church. So when you in the church, you receive what you need. One day I was I was so young when I start preaching. That one we our life is a testimony for young people. Don't say I'm too young. I can't preach. I can't save the Lord. I'm just 15. I start preach when I was a 13 years old. 13 years old. I remember one day I went to preach a old woman. I was preaching preaching. She was just look at me like this. When I finish I got what I was looking for. He said, "Did you see my age?" I say, "Yeah, you look like a 17 or 18." She say, "Yes." When I was young, they start preaching me, "The Lord is coming. The Lord is coming." I move on 20, the Lord is coming. 40, the Lord is coming. 50, the Lord is coming. And you come today again to tell me that the Lord is coming on my age. I said, "Mom, it's not me. I didn't write it in the Bible. I didn't write it in the Bible. It say the Lord is coming and I say yes." Amen. And I believe everything in the Bible we believe. Amen. Let me read you the testimony of someone who's not in the message. We we believer we believe in the message because we know the prophets and we believe is the servant of God. But let me read you a testimony of someone who never been in the message. She never attend Branham preaching or convention or campen or something. She never be there. But because she praying to the Lord, she said, "Lord, I'm standing here." Sometimes we taking Lord like a a premier minister or president or governor. We are so scared of God. No, God is your father. Amen. That one sometime say Lord I'm not going to the church today until you answer me there I will go to the church sometime my wife say honey can we go to church I say no I'm not going to church today I'm staying home and I'm praying to God I say Lord if I go to the church next Sunday can you teach can you tell that preacher who will preach tell him to preach Which things that I'm asking you here sometime I'm stopping some preacher there standing there even brother Bry most of the time I say brother why did you stop you say brother Joshua why I said but you didn't why you stop because I I pray lots to tell me these things and you was talking about that and you said the time is over so you need to stop why last time what I Bobby was preaching when he finished I said he said this is the time now it's 12:00 I said my good are you serious are you serious because I'm enjoying you know the joy is when you praying God in secret yeah now the minister starts preaching the things you ask God for and now he doesn't know that you are the one who ask God but he start preaching. So it where you are now, you're enjoying. You say, "Oh Lord, thank you. You know my heart." So you hear my prayer. Can you give me more? And immediately the preacher just stopped right away. Is it time to go 12:00? I said, "Are you killing me, brother?" Last time Brother Toby was preaching. He was preaching about marriage. You know what I was preaching brother Toby last time? And when he say I didn't touch my second part, I said, "Are you killing me? You You didn't finish your second part. You want to finish this, brother?" And I went home. I kneel down and say, "Lord, I know brother Bry would call me to preach." But father, I ask you when brother Bry would ask me to preach, I will go back to brother Bry and I'll say, "Brother Bry, thank you because you want me to preach. I'm not going to preach. take my time, give it to brother Toby to finish his preaching because this was my my joy. I was enjoying that preaching. After that said, Brother Bry sent me a message. I said, I got it. I said, "Brother Bry, brother Bry, thank you. But I'm asking you, don't say no." Everybody say, "Brother Joshua, what's going on?" Even another brother say, "Bro Joshua, you have to preach." Because brother B already talked about that in the pulpit. How many people remember that day? Brother Bry even give the program. He say on the 4th of August, Brother Joshua will preach. And later on I said, "Bra, I'm not going to preach." Say, "Why?" I said, "No, I'm asking you now. Take my time." Just take it straight to brother Toby to finish his preaching. Amen. Brother Joshua, why? I said, no, no, no. I'll explain to you. I was praying, Lord, speak to me. Now, the Lord was speaking to me through brother Toby in the pulpit, but brother Toby didn't know that. Hallelujah. Now, he didn't finish. What can I do? I need more. So, he must finish. Amen. So now the Lord's Oh my goodness. So now the Lord because he know what I ask him. He say okay now I will go to Bry heart to tell him you must pray but you must preach. So brother but Barry didn't know that the Lord is the one who tell him to call me to preach. Amen. But I had my my plan B. So when he called me, "Brother Joshua, we want you to preach." I said, "Thank you, but I have a plan." Say, "What is the plan?" I said, "Okay, please don't say no." Say, "Why?" Don't say no. Amen. Let brother Toby to finish his preaching because he didn't finish. Hallelujah. He said, "Why?" I said, "Okay, no, let me explain to you because maybe you need explanation. I was praying to God. I said, "Lord, can you speak to me?" Amen. So the Lord say, "Okay, I choose the one who will preach. He will speak to you." Hallelujah. Now, it didn't finish what I was expecting to finish. Now, because it didn't finish, I pray Lord, if when you want to touch brother Barry to give me opportunity to preach, I'm not going to preach. I will tell brother Barry to give it to brother Toby to finish his preaching. Amen. That is what God can do. Yes. And I was in the office. But I b say okay is possible. Okay. I'll talk to brother Toby. So I will change my mind. Hallelujah. That is why he give brother Toby to continue the preaching. I was so happy. Hallelujah. If God can hear your prayer, yes, that mean he knows about you. Yeah. And last Sunday was a jouring. Last Sunday was another 12. I was praying already when brother Bryce said, "Brother Josh, you preach?" I start preparing my preaching. I will see the promise of God. Hallelujah. I say, "But Lord, to confirm to me, not to the church, I'm talking about me. to confirm that you want me to preach this subject. Let the preacher who standing behind the pulpit to talk about the promise of God. Hallelujah. That's why you see me jumping. Hallelujah. Last Sunday I was jumping. I said, "Lord, thank you." Because he was talking about the promise of God. That is the way to worship God. Amen. And when you feel the anointing of God in the church, that is the moment for you to pray. Listen the testimony of this lady. She's not in the message. Led by spirits 5904 07. Brother, you ready? Listen this testimony. I like it because before I talk about this lady, you know, most of the time when we praying, we think that God can do that this way or maybe this way. No. Sometime you need to say to the God and tell him God I want you to do that this this this this I will know it's you because it was between me and you only for example today if you ask God lord I need 10 million in my bank account tomorrow morning if you see this accounts in your bank. Are you want to be surprised? No. Because you know is my father will give to me because I ask him in private. But the way he can he can do that you don't know. Maybe he can take it by by force to someone account he take it off and he send it to you. Maybe he can take it someone make a mistake or do a transaction he maybe he steal someone money he want to put it account the lord say okay catch it. This is for my sons who are asking me. Okay, I put it here. But you know this was the money I asked God. Listen to this testimony. Just a little person testimony of something come in my mouth. That is brother Brown talking. I was coming from Dallas not long ago a few years ago and there come a storm in the hill. How many was in Calgary last week? You know what's happening? The Lord knows everything. Maybe someone was asking to assurance to pay something and they say no. So God say okay because you don't want to pay I'll bring the storm so the people can pay the assurance. Listen to this testimony. And I was on one of the airline and he came down in at Memphis. And so they told me to go up to the limousine was taking me up to the peboard hotel. It's a great place. I thought that would be good if at least one time I get to the to stay in the big hotel. You see, I'll tell you, brother Brandham never be in the big hotel. He never be in the limousine. Never. But you know the cause. Someone was praying. And that prayer bring blessing to brother Brham to to stay in the big big hotel and to be to be drive in the limosine because of the prayer of someone. Your prayer can bring anoint to me to preach. Your prayer can bring a not to song leader to sing. That one where he was singing I'm one of them. You okay let me just read it. You'll know. So brother, you will know why you are singing. I'm one of them. It was a great place. I thought that will be good if at least one time I get to say in the big hotel. So they was going to pay for it. You see the company have to pay money. When he was going to to Jerusalem, we learned from Calgary. We go to Toronto. and the plane was late. I said I don't care. They will pay for the hotel. They will pay for everything. I was sleeping. Next day I will go straight. And on this situation, the airline have to pay for the hotel for brother Brham for the limo for brother Brham. But brother Brham was not expecting that. So they took me up and give me a nice room. When they talking a nice room that mean nice room at their expensive. So after I got settled down the phone ring I was writing some letters and fixing to read to read my Bible. a Christian baptized with the Holy Ghost. Everywhere you go, mission services, school program, everywhere, take your Bible. A Christian have to read his Bible every single day because that is your food, spiritual food. Read the Bible every single day. Even one verse read it. Can you say amen? Amen. And the and then pray. So read the Bible and pray and go to bed saying, "Reverend Abraham, the plan will be leaving in the morning at 7:00. This flight will not go out until 7." The limo will pick you up at 7. That was the agreement with the airline. There's a thunderstorm. They don't know who make this thunderstorm. You can change the weather of the country. Like I'm changing a weather some now in US because there's a weather I'm changing for my program. I'm changing the the weather. When I come back, I'll give you the testimony. I'm already changing that weather for me. Your prayer can go to heaven and bring the sun. Your prayer can go to heaven and change the weather, thunderstorm. You see the captain was good because he say we're going to the city but what's happening the weather change so we continue our journey let us land in Memphis according to the science it's normal it's normal but they didn't know all these things happening is because someone was praying Yeah, listen. I say very well, sir. I hung up and finished my meal, my meal and pray and went to the beds and that's them to call them. And early in the morning, I got up and I thought I don't want any breakfast. Somehow I just feel like it's beautiful morning. The sun has come out real pretty. This was springtime. So I thought I will run down real quick and find the post office box and mail these letters before the limo comes me up to pick me up for the airport. And I was starting out with with the letters in my hands going down the streets and all of sudden something say stop. If you have a Holy Ghost, the Lord can tell you today don't go at work. The Lord can tell you today don't go at school. Parents, sometime when the kid tell you, "Daddy, I don't feel my heart to go to school." Pray with the boy. You don't know what's what's going on in her heart. Maybe the Lord want the Lord don't want that person to go to school. something will happen. The Lord is so merciful. He can speak even to the kids. Can you imagine was speaking to donkey? What about a man? What about our kids? What about our parents? Stop and go back the other way. So brother was going this way. He just hear the voice stop. go back on this way. Oh, I thought that maybe that was a impression. Why should I want to go back that way? That is the prophets, the most inspired prophet in the world. The most powerful prophet in the world since Enoch, there's no one other prophet like William Albrano. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you doubting or no? Listen before I continue. Jesus says people was born from the woman, there is no one bigger than John the Baptist. Did you know that? Amen. No one Abraham, Isaac, Moses who was talking to God face to face. Jesus said John the Baptist was most powerful and the bigger one than all of them. Why? Because he the one introduced Christ to the world. Now in this time all the prophet in the world there's no one bigger than Malachi 4. Why? Because he's the one who introduced Christ like a John the Baptist. That is making me bigger. But he's bigger than John the Baptist because he had the seven thunders. the revelation of the Bible. Let me continue. But the Lord didn't speak to him. Sometime the Lord's not going to speak to the person because he's the most spiritual person in the church. But sometime the Lord was not going to speak to him and he speak to you to say something. So I just keep going and it got stronger and stronger until I say, "Oh, I must pray. This might be the Holy Spirit." Amen. This must be the Holy Spirit. And there was I happened to pass by a shop that has fishing tacklet in its soul. So I went up in the little doorway there to look for the fishing tacklet. more at act like they was looking for it. And I see the big Irish cop over there giving signal and letting the people crossing no one around me and I bow my head and I say, "Lord, was that you speaking to me to go back?" I want to say something. If you don't have a place to pray at your work, you feel in your heart to pray, even at school, you don't have a place to pray, go even to the washroom, kneel down, pray. Did you got me? Amen. And something said to me, "Turn and go back." I was sure it was God's. I believe that people who are born of the Holy Spirit understand what I'm talking about. Are you understand that? Just something impressing you. So not audible voice or a vision but just something that's impressing you. People are born set in the church to see vision and so forth. But the Holy Ghost works in many different way and it is just real. the Holy Spirit one way as it is the other way. It's all the Holy Spirit. So I turn and start walking, walking and I just keep on walking. Finally I found myself down in the coloring street. The street I look at my watch and it was 10 minutes after 7. Can you imagine? He's just walking. The spirit say go. Okay, I'm going. Go go go go going go. He say but I have to take my plan. So he check words. Oh, my time is already passed. Oh, I thought I missed my plan. That is the prophet of God. The one who speaking to Jesus himself face to face but he didn't reveal to him. The one who getting a vision clearly but the Lord didn't speak to him. The one who can hear the voice of God like you listen to me but the Lord didn't say anything to him. I thought I missed my plan but something just keep arguing me. Go on, just keep on moving. I trust that the same spirits tonight when you are praying for whether you are praying for here at the platform or not will let you get a vision of Christ promise to you and just urged you to keep on I can just move one finger just keep on moving that finger till you get moving a hand and then a arm and then a leg and so forth and then go on I feel just a little better. Well, keep praising God. Keep going on. Don't get off on the slide, on the sideline. Maybe I will go back in the prayer line again. That's not good. Go on like the way you are going. Just keep being lead by spirit by Holy Spirit. That way, little voice if you just open your heart, you will hear it. 25. Notice as we went on down the street, he and I who's high. Who's he? Jesus. So the prophet knew now after praying he was walking with someone next to him. Amen. Somebody last time he called me said, "Brother Joshua, you you you you bossif yourself. You look like a you are I don't know if he's a deputy or you look like a president." I say, "I'm a more than all of them." Last time when come I went to the minute to meet with him and the bodyguard say who are you? I'm say I'm Joshua. You say okay stay here. And people are saying who's Joshua? They check but who's who's Joshua? because he's not a deputy, he's not a minister, he's not member of the parliament, he's not in the list. I say I'm a Joshua that is my name because spiritually talking you walking with thousand thousand angels when the president of United States traveling 3050 to to no 250 to 300 bodyguards CIA, FBI, police, service secret. Every all those people they working for one man. You are the door of God. You are the son of God. There's a thousand angel walking with you. So don't be scared. You are the son of God. Angel hiding you. Notice as I went down the streets, beautiful morning, the sun was rising down and the rose was blooming down in the little clashet of the rumbling rose and sof and the fresh rain and the sun coming out and brought me the frag of the other sight and it was beautiful morning and I was going along there. I didn't know no more of where I was going down. Than I will know if I start out this vice versa from my hotel tonight just going along late by the spirit. I thought oh I done missing my plane so I'll just catch another one. I'm in no worry anymore. go three or four days before another meeting. I just keep walking around just thinking, Lord, I don't know where you taking me to. Maybe a place of prayer. I passed by a bunch of leaders stack lac where the some of the kola people live. I look leaning across and gates. And to my dear loving color friends tonight me trying to impersonate this woman voice now I'm not trying to make light of your grammar because mine's worse than yours but she was learning out a typical aunt Jima with a man t-shirt tying around her head great big fat cheeks and she was looking down the street when I come up I I was singing that song. Let me say I was singing that brother Paul's song. Amen. Song. That's you Pentecostal people singing about. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. I glad I can say I'm one of them. But are you see now why you sing that song? Amen. He was already in the message. Amen. Amen. They were all together in the harper room all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and the power for the service come. And what he did for them that day, he will do for you the same. Amen. How many people say amen? Amen. How many people can say amen? Amen. What is this for them, he will do it for for you today. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. And I was trying to learn that little song. I was going along whoming on myself. Brother, I can read all the quotes, but let me go so I can I can finish. Oh my goodness. It's so beautiful when you're praying and the Lord can prove Yes. to prove to you that I hear your prayer. And I answering your prayer so this is the result. If you go down, you see brotherham, the lady was waiting for him. The lady was not shaking. She knew her position. Brother Branab didn't know anything. But the lady, she was waiting. She said, "I pray God to bring Hallelujah. Amen. I pray I pray God to bring Malachi 4 Elijah the prophet. Remember that lady? She was not a believer in the message. No, she never be in the Branham camp. She even doesn't know brother Brham. Amen. But she pray God say, "Lord, I need something." We know that Elijah was already passed away and he went to heaven long time ago in the Bible. We know everybody we know. But the lady said, "Lord, today I'm praying you bring me Elijah the prophet." I don't want to go to look for Elijah. God bring me Elijah in my house. So I'm standing here after prayer waiting for Elijah. So Lord bring Elijah. That is the level of prayer I need the church to be. Amen. You are able to say, "Lord, I'm standing here and I need the president of United States of America to come to Calgary and to meet with me." You know the reason I'm saying about all the president of United States because they are powerful. And this man when he's traveling, I say 250 to 300 bodyguard. So when is in the hotel they will book the whole hotel they will move people out of the hotel for the one person security but now you ask God to say Lord I need 300 bodyguards with that man with all the air force one because he's not traveling with one air force he's traveling with two air force for security so they need to put gasoline on that to air force. They need to bring your government in trouble because when they coming, your government have to pay to organize security guard for that person to come in your country. And now you is your desire. Oh Lord, your desire. So I must meet that person. The lady say, "The Elijah of the Old Testament is the one I want to see today in my house." She was waiting for Elijah to come. Since 400 a.m. She wake up. She finished to pray and she was waiting for Elijah to come. Elijah was coming. But Elijah himself he didn't know that pushing by that prayer of that woman that is the power of prayer that's pushing Brham to come walking he say I want to stop it why I'm going said no go because this is someone was praying few minutes ago brotherham come in front of the house of that lady and the lady she was laughing she was not in the palace she was not in the shadow she was in the bangalore standing there firm she know her position she say I'm the one who call you bra to come here say how did you know about me she said last night Amen. Amen. I was praying to God. I said, "Lord, bring me Elijah the prophets." Amen. Brother say, "Wow, from your prayer, you can make me walk around." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Last time I went to Dubai with my wife, people say, "Joshua, how did you meet the royal family?" I said, "No, I pray. I'm not going just Dubai to walk around. I want to meet the leader." They send me he is a CEO of the royal office. He's the one who received me to his office. I feel so happy. I say I was asking that I want to see him. So when I greet the man he say how are you? I say good what your name? My name is Joshua. I come from Canada. Are you for government? I say no. Are you a minister? No. I'm just say Joshua brother. The prayer the faith can take you in the level people think you say you are a big man. I say yes I'm a more than big man. I'm a son of God. Brham say I didn't know because what's going on but because of her prayer but say okay what is your problem he say I was praying God so you must come here so I will take you to my house to pray for my son say okay did you know about me she said no are you a believer she said No. Did you hear but I am I praying for people I say nothing my responsibility to go to God say God I need something I don't know how you can bring it to me but which is what I need. Make your plan God. Do whatever you can do but my sight I just need the solution of my problem. When they finish to pray, brother Abraham say, "I know I already missed my plane. I know it's already over. So, I'm going to take the Uber to go back to the hotel, to take my stuff, to go to the airport." But I'm saying when he reached the airport they was making the last call for that airplane. Yes. The last call for Brana. Reverend Brown. Yes. Brother say everything was going on since the aand in the plan. The one who bring the thunderstorm, it was that girl. The one who put me to sleep in a big hotel, that prayer. The one who put me in a limo, that is the prayer of the lady. Even the one who keep the airplane in the ground, your prayer can change thing in the world. Your prayer can change your family. Your prayer can heal someone. Your prayer can change even your position at work. Your prayer can change the position at school. Your prayer can change the position of the church. If you pray, it's a promise to finish. Listen what the prophet said. The Lord give the promise. You pray, speak the words. Is my responsibility as a God to accomplish that. But the problem sometime we are so scared if I ask this the Lord will do that or not. But if you believe all things are possible, I will see the promise of God. He promised me a blessing. He promised me the Holy Spirit. He promised me the heaven. I will see the promise of God. Are you believe that? Amen. Let's stand up and ask God everything you never asked before. Don't ask things you asked before. No. Now today you need to ask God something you never ask him before. Things that you you know that impossible. Today we are 25th of August 2024. Now ask God something difficult that you know if it's happened it was the prayer you pray today. But I pray any song the spirit of God will tell you to pray. Play it and we want to pray. Remember that lady? She was just someone like you and me. She was not even a believer but you are. She never hear about the message but you know the message. She never believe in Branham the prophet of God but you believe that mean you are more than that lady. If she can pray to bring the thunderstorm to change the fline program, what about you? If her prayer can change things, what about your prayer? Daughter of Malachi 4, son of Malachi 4, your prayer is more powerful. Now I need you to pray. We will pray together. And we will ask God something you never asked before. So you remember that was the prayer asker in the church and he answer me. something difficult for you, something you will remember all entire life. Remember my picture in the car accident? He promised me I will be again in Calgary preaching the words and that was happening 2018. Amen. Today we are 2024 and I'm still here preaching the gospel. What about you? What do you need from God? Let's close our eyes and we're going to pray. Brother, can you pray something? Amen. [Music] Oh Lord, we thank you. Thank you Lord. [Music] Now we can pray now. Let's pray together now. Lord, we thank you for your grace. Lord, we thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy Lord. I try my best Lord as a human being to bring my body as a sacrifice so you can use this body to speak to your children. Now I did my duty oh Lord. Now is your part to accomplish your words as you did with Simeon. You promise him and you accomplish also the promise. The same way with that lady in Mephis. She was praying to see the prophet of God. And you show her an vision and you accomplish what you promised her that you she will see Malachi 4, the prophet Elijah. And we also Lord, we have a things we need from you. And we pray Lord today our day. Even those who are streaming Lords, they need something Father. Even us in the church, we need something and we pray today Lord hear our voice I will see the promise of God as you promise Lord in the Bible everything we we ask by prayer you will accomplish that let us see the blessing of God baptize us with the Holy Ghost. Bring back the those people who forget the word of God. Bring them back to the body of Christ. [Music] Give us what is our heart desire. Heal your people, Lord. Bless your people, Lord. Comfort your people, Father. as you promise the baptism of the Holy Ghost in our hearts and those who want to join you to become a true Christian to come back in the world to come back in the words to come back to you to follow you again. Make them strange lords. Give them strange lords. give them the power to stand up and to walk with you. As the prophet say, he feel that it was him and you walking together. And I pray Lord for the church. Let us walk together with you again. at work, at school, everywhere we go, let us walk again with you in our journey. And until we will see you in heaven as you promise, you got to prepare the place for us. Where you are, we will be. So to be with you in heaven is our joy, is our promise, and we believe in that promise. Bless our pastor. Bless all the ministers. Bless our brother and sisters. And how we prepare to go to the different place in our trips in a different place. Protect us Lord. Bless us in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, brother Paul. You can come. Thank you. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. Thank you, brother Jose. Do I call you Joshua or Jose? Joshua. Joshua. I like Joshua. That's my God bless each one of you. We heard from the Lord this morning and each of us had a prayer before the Lord this morning that we haven't prayed before. So we'll just look to the Lord for a specific answer to those prayers. We I I just love the the thought of your position, knowing your position, that little ant that that Anchamima lady knew her position in Christ and she asked that that that promise came to her so specifically. I uh was listening to I forget which service. It was leadership yesterday and brother Rams on that note was talking about the uh about the story there. Sorry I forget the the story specifically but it was about leadership and just exactly how the Lord brought something to pass. Brother Josh Joshua I had a prayer a while ago and my wife knows the answer to this prayer. She knows that it's real. It was something really small. Just something really small. Just want to encourage you with brother what brother Joshua brought this morning and it was something Lord do you care about this? do you actually care that I would even ask this prayer? And I asked it and it happened within minutes. It was just and I said, Lord, that's just a vindication that you care for me. And I I I am not anything special. I'm just saying that the Lord answers prayer. What better butter preach this morning is true. I had something else happen this last week. The Lord specifically answered that. So prayer is powerful and and it has to come from a heart of of of humility and a heart that that it's not about you, but it's about the Lord just showing himself in your life. We've heard our pastor say, I believe it's it's I don't know if I'm going to say it right, but but the Lord vindicating himself back through your heart. So when it when he answers to you, then then it's real. Then you know it's the Lord between you and him. It's personal. Blessed be his name this morning. Well, let's let's finish with the song that our brother enjoyed so much and I enjoy. I that song actually came to me last night and I just many times say Lord I don't I don't deserve to be part of this but you by your grace sought me out and I'm so glad that I'm one of them. Let's sing it this this morning. Well there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all of flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. one of them. Oh Lord, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Though these people may not learn in me, nor boast of worldly fame. They have all received their Pentecost, baptized in Jesus' name, and are telling now both far and wide. His power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. They were gathered in the upper room all praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them, Lord. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, come my brother. Seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. that will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul away. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. God bless you. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. One day. I'm one day. I'm so glad I can say I'm one day. Jesus. [Music] So changeless You're my [Music] call out to you. [Music] And again, [Music] I call out to you. [Music] You are my rock [Music] in times of trouble. [Music] You lift me up when I fall down. of your [Music] My heart is [Music] my heart. [Music] through [Music] the air. [Music] All my life you have me. [Music] All my life you have so [Music] good. Every breath that I am good. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up till I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so good [Music] of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You fire [Music] in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have in the goodness of God. All my life you have me. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Your goodness is running out. It's running out. Your goodness is running out. [Music] I give you everything. [Music] All my life you have been f All my life you have been so so good [Music] with every breath that I am made. [Music] I will sing of the goodness of God. The goodness of God. Cast all my kids upon. [Music] I lay all of my burdens down at you. [Music] I will cast all my kisses upon my kiss. [Music] I lay all of my burdens down at your [Music] any [Music] This is my story. [Music] This is my soul. Praising myior [Music] all. [Music] This is my [Music] song. [Music] Praising my savior [Music] all the day. Jesus is mine. [Music] Glory. [Music] Hail Jes. [Music] Bottom of his spirit [Music] washed in his blood. [Music] This is my song. Praising [Music] This is my song. [Music] Praising my sior. [Music]
