################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-16 - 2025-07-16 - Bro. Barry - Spirit Of Him - Barry Johnson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-16
Title:    2025-07-16 - Bro. Barry - Spirit Of Him
Speaker:  Barry Johnson
Church:   Calgary Living Word Assembly
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gE1FDczGyP8
========================================

Description:
Bro. Barry Johnson - Spirit Of Him
July 16th, 2025
OUR WEBSITE: https://www.calgarylivingword.com
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Good evening and welcome saints. Good to once again this evening to be in the house of the Lord on once again on Wednesday night. God bless you for making the effort tonight. Maybe stand up if you would as we start our service tonight. God is good all the time. We'll start with a chorus tonight. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in his heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. [Music] And there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. Oh, for he will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. Oh, and his word is true. My God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. My God is good all the time. Oh, through the dark night his light will shine. My God is good. My God is good all the time. Oh, we were sinners so unworthy. Oh, still for us. He chose to die. Oh, he has filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand to find oh that his love is everlasting and his mercies. Holy. My God is good all the time. He put a song of grace in his heart. I got all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. My God is good. My God is good all the time. My God is good all the time. Through this phone of praise in his heart of mine, my God is good. What a time. Oh, through the darkest night and the light will shine. My God is good. My God is good all the time. Let's give a little clap offering of praise tonight. Thank you, Lord. You indeed are good. There's no God like us, Lord. Well, let's just praise the Lord. Oh Lord, let's just praise the Lord. Let's all lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. Yes, your worldly voice. Oh, let's just praise [Music] the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands to heaven and praise the Lord. Oh, let's just praise the Lord. Just praise the Lord. Oh, lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. [Music] Oh, let's just praise our Lord. Let's just praise our Lord. Let's trust a lift our hands toward and praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Bow with me if you would. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, truly from our hearts, Lord, there just nothing more that we want to do tonight to give you praise, to give you glory, give you honor. Father, you're the God of all gods. There's none beside thee, Lord. Father, you created heaven and earth, but Lord, you created that sea gene in us before the foundation of the world. Just thinking tonight of the billions and the million and a half people here in Calvary. Here we are, this little flock, Lord. But how how special you have you felt about each one of us, Lord. Remember our our our late pastor many years ago saying, "You can tell the price someone's willing to pay or the cost you're willing to pay by the price they pay." And you laid your life down for us, Lord. how great a cost, how great a price, how big, how great a value, sorry, I meant to say how great a value you put in our lives by by giving your own life for us. Lord, we thank you for that. We thank you for salvation tonight. We thank you for relationships. We thank you for all the domestic blessings you've given us. Financial blessings, health, Lord, all these things, they all come from you, Lord. every single thing. Our families, Lord, the church family, the unity of the brothers and sisters here coming in together tonight. Unity of unified in spirit. We come hungering and thirsting after righteousness. Lord God, would you just bless everyone that made the effort? I truly believe that and I mean that. Lord, would you bless them? There's there's trials of life, Lord. As we sang earlier, Lord, there there's times when things get dark, but Lord, it's so wonderful to walk into go where there's light. &gt;&gt; Lord, we thank you tonight, Lord, that we can come into this place and set aside specifically to worship the King of Kings. Lord, to come in here and and and unite our spirits and bring those licks of fire together. Lord, you just always bless that, Lord. It's your way and we thank you for that. Thank you for putting a seed in us that just believes your word, just cannot deny your word, but believes every word, Lord, that we know that that's what entitles us to the token. Father, when we when we do that, and we're so thankful for your grace in our lives, Lord, receive our worship tonight. Bless everyone, Lord, the needs that are represented here. Father, may you meet each need very sovereignly, Lord. Would you do that tonight? We love you, Lord. We commit the remain of this service to thee. May you be praised. May you be glorified and honored in their midst. We pray in Jesus precious name we ask these mercies. Amen. &gt;&gt; Tonight, oh amazing grace, how sweet the sound a wretch like me. Who I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Traces and taught my heart to hear and grace my tears relie. Oh, how preious that grace of me I first [Music] chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior. Well, his right so and like a blood his mercy unending love amazing grace. The Lord has promised good to me. His word my hope secure. Oh he will my shield and hope should be as long as life endures. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior. Well, he's ransom me. And like a blood, his mercy, unending love, it's amazing grace. The earth will soon dissolve like snow. A son for shine. Oh my God will call me here. Will be forever. Oh my chains are gone. I've been set free. [Music] My God, my savior has grant so and life his mercy. Unending love. Amazing grace. My chain. Oh my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior has answered me and like his mercy. Oh, unending love. Amazing. Unending love. It's amazing praise glory. Amazing. There's only one word. &gt;&gt; It's amazing. &gt;&gt; You have that. You've experienced that. Then how could you do that? How do you how could you describe? How could you explain? &gt;&gt; Lord, would you just listen to my heart tonight? Would you do that? I believe from our hearts. Boy, if they could just speak, right? The English language is so it fails us. But our hearts, the Lord knows. How do you explain? [Music] Oh, how do you describe a love that flows from east to west or runs as deep as it is wide. Oh, you know all our hoes and you know all our fears. And words cannot express the love we feel, but we long for you to hear. Oh, won't you listen to our hearts, hear our spirit sing. A song of praise and good from those you have redeemed. We could use the words we know to tell you what awesome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you our love. So listen to our God. If words could fall, I pray [Music] on these lips of mine. point. If I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run out of time. So if you listen to our hearts, [Applause] [Music] every beat will say, [Music] "Thank you for the life. Oh, thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. Listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing and song of praise and blow from those you have redeemed. Oh, we will use the words we know to tell you what awesome God to us. But words are not enough to tell you our heart. So listen to our hearts. But words are not enough to tell you our love. So listen to our hearts. Amen. So glad I'm yours, Lord. Isn't that how we feel tonight? So glad I'm yours. We didn't go seeking for him. He found us. So glad your mercy, Lord. Yes, it has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Maybe we can stand. Call our pastor. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I am yours. So glad your mercy. Oh has follow me. Oh so glad you found me. Yes. And you set me free. Oh, so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. And oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Oh his blood. dwell in now flow through my veins. And I who was wretched and born and can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child. [Music] My name I who was wretched and poor down. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God bless you tonight. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Is it turned on? It's okay. &gt;&gt; Amen. Welcome. Certainly good to be back in the house of the Lord with you all. &gt;&gt; Had a wonderful time away and uh we caught lots of fish and had lots of fellowship. It was just a wonderful time with uh with the brothers in nature. And uh yeah, we're certainly thankful that the Lord gives us those times, a little time of rest, a little time of refreshing, and uh it's just amazing to see that the the same spirit. There was a a real mix of people. We had brothers from Phoenix, Arizona, and Saskatoon, and Calgary all together. And &gt;&gt; you know, we're just fellowshipping around the same the same word and just &gt;&gt; just amazing. &gt;&gt; Amen. Tonight we just have a couple of requests we'd like to remember before we go to prayer. And uh we want to remember brother Peter Bochi Manu, our deacon. He's traveling to Ghana this Sunday. So we want to pray the Lord would give him traveling mercies and bless his time away. &gt;&gt; We want to remember sister Rhonda. I'm not sure what her last name is. It's brother Frank Kronite sister. She is in need of prayer. He has requested that we would remember her in prayer as well. And also we would like to continue to remember the Carpent family in Saskatoon from Saskatoon Tabernacle whose uh wife and mother passed away. Sister Heather Carpan, if you have a need tonight, maybe just make it known unto him by the way of an uplift hand as we go to him in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, tonight we're so thankful that we can gather together one more time, Lord, the way that you've ordained for us in this day. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord, we know that you've given us a building and you've given us a a name, Lord Jesus. You've given us a place to worship, but Father, more than anything, you've given yourself to us, Father. And we know that's your only provided place of worship in the day in which we live, Lord. It's not a geographical location. It's not a great ministry. It's simply you, Father. And Lord, we accept it the way that you've given it to us through the the message of a vindicated prophet, knowing it wasn't his message. It was your message through him, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, we love you and we just thank you for this opportunity one more time to approach you, Lord, with our needs. Father, we ask that you would just meet each and every need made known unto you tonight by the way of an uplift hand. Father, &gt;&gt; we know that you're well aware of the need, Father, and you're able to meet it, Lord. &gt;&gt; And Father, we just thank you for meeting the needs tonight. &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, we just ask that you would continue to to minister to the Carpent family, Lord. The loss of Sister Heather, Lord, it's got to be a difficult thing here on this side of eternity, Lord. To lose a mother and to lose a a wife and to lose a sister. Oh, Father. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Lord, we can't even understand it. Lord, we don't ask you why, but we just ask for help, Lord. You said that you would be our help in our time of trouble, Lord, that you would heal the brokenhearted, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, Father, that you would comfort those, Lord Jesus, that need it. &gt;&gt; We just pray for the Carpent family, the congregation at Saskatoon Tabernacle, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, we want to remember Brother Frank Kronhite sister, Lord Rhonda. We just want to ask that you would minister unto her, Father. Lord, &gt;&gt; we thank you for the testimony, Lord, of healing her, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, tonight we just want to continue to remember Brother Peter Hoffer, Lord Jesus, before your throne, Lord. Brother Peter's dad, Lord Jesus. We just ask that you would continue ministering to him, Lord. We know the doctors had no prognosis for him, Lord. But, Father, he's still there and he's still hanging on, Lord, and and stimulated, Father, in ways that the doctor said he never would be, Father. So, Lord, we just want to ask that you would continue ministering to him and through him, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, we love you and we thank you, Father, we want to remember Sister Mary Carpenter tonight. Father, she took a fall, Lord. She needs a touch from you. The carpenters have once again requested prayer. Lord, we know that you're more than able to meet it. Father, we're so thankful for the testimony of brother Jerry Carpenter, Lord, for the fall that he took, Lord, the severity that it was, Lord, and for the doctor's own testimony to say that it's a miracle that he could be healed so quickly. &gt;&gt; Father, we pray that you would come on the scene one more time for Sister Mary. Lord Jesus, we just want to thank you for all of the needs in our lives, Lord, because we know they're just another opportunity for you to minister to us, Lord, with your spirit living in us, Father. Lord, tonight we just commit all of the needs into your hands. Father, whether spoken or unspoken, Lord, mentioned or not, Father, we know that you are the discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart tonight. &gt;&gt; And you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Father, we just ask now that as we turn to you in your word that you would minister to each and every one of us sovereignly tonight, Lord. Oh, Father. So much so that Lord, there would be folks that say, "Somebody must have heard what we were talking about today. Somebody must have been listening to our conversation in our bed chamber last night. Lord, we know that that's the God you are. And Father, we're know that you're so able. We just love you and we thank you. We commit this service entirely into your hands now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. If you have your Bibles tonight, I would like to continue on with our discussion about Romans chapter 8. As I mentioned, I just can't get away from it. And uh you know, we had talked about the the mind of the spirit and so many different angles about it. But tonight, I just like to continue on with Revelations chapter 8 verse 11. &gt;&gt; Amen. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; By his spirit that dwelleth in you. &gt;&gt; Let's just bow one more time. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, tonight Lord, &gt;&gt; Amen. We just invite you, Father, to quicken &gt;&gt; quicken us, Lord. &gt;&gt; To quicken our mortal bodies, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes, Jesus. &gt;&gt; By your spirit. &gt;&gt; And Father, if we've made it anything else, Lord Jesus, if we've made it a religion, if we've made it a covering, Father, we pray that you would just forgive us for it. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. We pray that you would just manifest to us, Lord Jesus, and through us. That Lord, we would recognize the day in which we live, Father, the greatest day out of all of the ages. We know it's the culmination of all time. Oh, Father, and you chose for us to be here, for you to manifest through. &gt;&gt; Lord, help us to surrender unto you one more time, Father. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; we just commit this service and all that said into your hands now in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. Brother Brandham uses this scripture, Revelations 8:11 and Mark 16 in the message, the Easter Seal and the message, it is the rising of the sun. Two of the most profound messages I believe in 1965. Although all of 1965 is the most profound out of all the message. I believe it's just a culmination of what the Lord was doing through uh through our prophet and uh it's just such a wonderful thing. But the scripture tonight specifically, but if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your not spiritual bodies and not your theophony bodies, &gt;&gt; he'll quicken your mortal bodies. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, I think this is where I really want to get to tonight. You know, brothers and sisters, to think that sometime, some way, the spirit is going to transform us. It's going to change us. We're going to have a new body. Sure enough, we will. But unless his spirit quickens this mortal body, we will not see that body change. &gt;&gt; So, if we're not seeing his spirit quicken these mortal bodies, then tonight, I want to encourage us. I want to ask us. I want to implore us. I want to beg and plead that we would desire to see the spirit of him quicken these mortal bodies. It's not going to be someday out there. It's right now today, brothers and sisters. It's right here and right now. And if it's not right here and right now, when is it going to be? And if it's not here right now with us, who is it going to be? I think that we have been given the entire book. We know the the revelations 10 verse 7. We know that very clearly. It's like the message buzzword. It's the the essence of the message, right? Where where that mighty angel descended with an open book in his hand. We know it very clearly that when he should begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished. We we know that that's already taken place. So what day do we live in? Brothers and sisters, this is no time to just play religion or to play church. This is the time to see the quickening of our mortal bodies. And we know that there was one that actually had that happen here. And he walked with God and he had a testimony that pleased God and he was not. He was just not found. And that's going to be the testimony of the bride of Jesus Christ. I believe it with all my heart and I just want to encourage us tonight. But if the spirit of him, so tonight I want to talk about the spirit of him. And I think it's so beautiful because it's the masculine, the spirit of him, the bridegroom living out through the bride. If the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, it's just I don't know. Sometimes I just wish that I could really express the way the way it just jumps out at me. You know, the spirit of him, God almighty, the mighty Jehovah, the one that looked at the Red Sea with angry eyes, the one that created the plagues in Egypt, the one that hardened Pharaoh's heart, the one that raised up Pharaoh so that he could have his heart hardened. the one Jehovah God that called Moses to the top of the mountain where he said, "I exceedingly fear and tremble to go up there and meet with him, but he's called me to go." The same one that would sit upon the mercy seat once a year when the priest would go in behind the veil and he had to have every single thing in his life absolutely perfect or they would drag him out by the rope that was tied to his ankle. The same one that would see that priest die in his presence. The same one that tore that veil from the bottom to the top that said once upon a time it was death to enter in there. But now to stay outside of that is death. So what does it mean to stay outside of that, brothers and sisters? It means to resist the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. to say the quickening of this mortal body is a it's actually a cultural thing in the world in which I live in. I just don't get excited about the word. Brother Brandham says when you set a man on fire, set a man on fire and see if he sat still. The people that came out of the upper room, they st staggered like drunk people. &gt;&gt; They weren't just still and said, "Well, I'm Canadian. I just don't get excited about this word." You know, It's just it's just the way it is. No, it's not. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; And he affects people the same way yesterday, today, and forever. It's the same spirit. It says it right here. If the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies. And I know sometimes it's put off. Many times it's put off to somewhere in the future. It'll quicken our mortal bodies. It'll get us up out of the graveyard. And sure enough, it will. But that's not where Mark 16 in action is supposed to take place. We need healing in our bodies right now. Was it here? Do we have a brother here preach it? I listen to a lot, but can't remember if it was here. The brother mentioned I heard a brother mention it, you know, when he was asked to go up and pray for someone and he had just had nothing in him. Is that was that here? Was that brother Roshan? I think it was brother Roshan that preached that. What it's like if we don't actually have that spirit, his spirit in us. And and I think it's so beautiful because the way it's written here, if the spirit of him, it makes it more of a a personal thing. It's not uh uh some sort of uh intangible spirit that's out there in another dimension. And and I know the devil loves it to be that way where we can have some spirit can be in you. It's a the spirit of him, some spirit, something maybe a little intangible. Maybe it's the spirit of the father. Maybe it's the spirit of the son. Maybe it's the spirit of the holy ghost. And many times the devil likes to get it all sort of figured out and and positionally placed in very specific spots. And and we could try and cut it up and make it all specifically like that in an intellectual fashion. And we know those spirits are in and around the message of the hour. We know that very clear. A and usually it's teachers and teaching ministries that like to be able to express and explain the godhead in such a way that they even confuse themselves in a service. But I want to say tonight, brothers and sisters, let's not make it confusing or confounding because that's not the word of God that we understand. It's the spirit of him. It is Jesus Christ, the person of Jesus Christ, which is God the Father, manifest in the flesh, that was raised up from the dead, went back to sit down with the father on the right hand of the father, and he sent back his spirit to dwell in his people. It's the same spirit. It's the same personality. It's not a different person. It's the same person. We sing that song. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body. It won't just raise it up on the last day. It will be like Jesus Christ walking up to the tomb of Lazarus and putting his shoulders back and speaking with a loud voice. We know that his sister, Lazarus's sister, said, "If you would have been here a little bit sooner, he wouldn't have died. If you would have just answered our phone calls, if you would have just responded to the text, but you just ignored us. Now he's dead." But you could raise him up again at the last day. And he said, "You know what? I am the resurrection and the life." &gt;&gt; You're looking at it right here. This is the resurrection standing right before you. And tonight, brothers and sisters, I want to say this. I'm not the resurrection, but he is. &gt;&gt; And he &gt;&gt; the masculine. If he, the spirit of him, dwells in you, it will quicken your mortal body to this word. &gt;&gt; We won't make an excuse for it and say, you know, I'll just do it this way. I can just do it this way. I've done it for years this way. It's been just fine this way. Has it been? Will it be? I don't know. I don't know. I think that we're all being called to live a little bit higher. He's calling all of us up a little higher. John, a type of the bride, was shown an open door in heaven and told, "Get in the spirit, John, and come a little higher." And we know, Brother Brandham says it in the church age book. You know, we ought to be just as exuberant, just as exuberant as the people that get excited about the sports games in this world. Just as exuberant about the people that love to go to the Calgary Stampede and hear the marching band and and just clap and scream and get excited. And when when the Flames score a goal and the Stampeders make a touchdown when we see something that really gets us excited in our lives, we ought to be just as exuberant about it in the church of the living God as we are out in the world. And I say, brothers and sisters, if we're not, there's something wrong. &gt;&gt; There's something wrong. Now, maybe someone would go to a hockey game and just sit there like a dried up old stick. That would be me because I don't care. I don't care about hockey. I don't care about football. I don't care about sports. I I would rather go hunting or fishing. I'd rather go and do different things, do something creative. But that's just me. There's other people that really, really get excited about a piece of rubber being slapped down the ice into a goal. It gets them excited. Other people love pigkins being kicked and thrown down the down the field and and football. They love that and it just gets them so excited. But what gets you excited tonight? &gt;&gt; Is it the word of God? Is it understanding that the whole entire book is open and put back into the hands of man and we've been given it and told to eat it and because we eat it, we become it. &gt;&gt; Does that get us excited? &gt;&gt; My, if the spirit of him that raised up Christ from the dead dwell in you, it'll quicken your mortal bodies. And it, the word quicken means bring to life. &gt;&gt; It'll bring to life. The people that we used to be will no longer be. People will look at us and say, "What is it about you? What happened to you? Why are you the way you are? What makes you so different?" And we'll have a reason. We'll have an excuse for the testimony, the life that's inside of us. So enjoyed the service on Sunday. I was streaming it on on Tuesday on the way back when Christopher and I came back from Saskatchewan. So beautiful to try the spirits. Try the spirits, try the thoughts, try the ideologies, try the the traditions, try the spirits, and see if they're correct. We know that it says in the word to try the spirits. And I'm not trying to add to or take away, and I don't think that's what brother Dawn was doing, but I just so appreciated the service. It was so good how we ought to be. You know, if we would just spend more time staying in our lanes, we would get more done. if if we would just thank God for the deacons and so thankful that God has brothers that really desire to step up and put their shoulder to the wheel and stand in the office of a deacon in the church instead of being critical about deacons and maybe they didn't do this the way that I think they should do it or they didn't do that or or maybe the pastor or maybe the song leader whatever if we would just be thankful for what God is doing and pray for one another we would probably get a whole lot more done in the body. But I think it's so important to try the spirits and test the thinking. Test the thinking. See what that thinking is. Is it lining up with the word of God? Is it the spirit of him that's living in us causing our thinking to actually line up with the word of God? If it is, then we're not going to make excuses for our behavior in our marriage. We're simply going to be a good husband to our wives. We're going to love our wives. That's what the word of God says. And the wives because of that are going to reverence their husbands. And the children will look at that and say, "Wow, I want to honor my father and honor my mother because I know the word of God says that my days will be long upon the earth." &gt;&gt; And you know, I remember brother Ken, it's interesting brother uh brother Paul mentioned it. You know, our late pastor, brother Ken brought this out so clearly many times. We have heard it said in the past. I don't know if everyone has, but I've heard it said where a wife just will not submit to her husband because, you know, the word of God says that she should reverence her husband. But you know what? He's got nothing that I can reverence. There's no nothing. He doesn't do anything that I can respect. So why would I respect him? Why would you? Because God's word says so. &gt;&gt; Why would I love my wife? She doesn't reverence me. &gt;&gt; The word of God says so. And you know, when we're not doing those things, we're not pleasing God. We're not serving God. We're serving ourselves. And what is it that we're doing? We're actually not serving ourselves. We're actually serving the devil because it's either good or it's evil. It's not in between. There's no middle ground. There's no shade of gray with the word of God. But I really appreciated the way that Brother Dawn brought that, the way the Lord used brother Dawn on Sunday. And I think that if anyone hasn't gone back and listened to it, I would say it's well worth a second or even a third listening because of some of the points that were made in there. We can think that we're serving God when we're actually not serving God when we get outside of the word, but we need to look at the perspective that we're looking at things. And you know, the devil will always make us feel right. He'll always make our position the important one. He'll always make us feel righteous in our position, in our opinion. We can always find a quote. We can always find a scripture. But are we actually of the right spirit? Brother Bradom says it very clearly, doesn't he? He said that true revelation of the word of God, true revelation causes humility. It doesn't cause us to become puffed up and say that I'm right. You need to submit. you need to get in line because my ideas are best. No, it doesn't. That's not the right spirit. And that's what I'm talking about tonight, brothers and sisters, is his spirit, the spirit of him. If his spirit is in us, it's going to quicken our mortal bodies. One day out of the graveyard, perhaps maybe one day into a body change, but what about right now in into our families? What about right now into our jobs, our careers? What about right now into the congregation of our brothers and our sisters? Are we loving our brothers and our sisters? You know, we've got to be willing to to try the spirits. We need to test the thinking. We need to look at the perspective and and not look at the perspective of others. Forget about others. Look at our perspective. What's our perspective? Are we looking at the picture right? And and I just couldn't get past that. The way Brother Don brought that right at the beginning of it, you know, Brother Brandham, he got that that that picture and and the picture of the cloud and and through discernment, he heard the spirit of God, the spirit of him speak to him and say to him, "Turn it right." We need to get the right perspective of what's going on here. Are we having the right perspect do we have the right perspective of the message of the hour today brothers and sisters? Is it a religion or is it a covering for us to just live our lives any way we want or does it quicken our mortal bodies to the word of God? Does it bring us to a place where we say that I'm wrong? I know I'm wrong and I just want to be right at any cost. Lord, if you need to take this this pot, this vessel and break it into pieces to put it back together the way that it should be, then do it. Are we willing to put ourselves on the potter's wheel? &gt;&gt; It's not a comfortable thing. It's not a comfortable place, but until we're ready to do that, until we're ready to tear it down to the foundation and build it up again, we're not actually getting anywhere. We just simply have a religion. We simply have a covering because the spirit of him will always line up with the word of God. The spirit of him will always receive correction. We got into it a little bit on the on the journey. You know, when you travel many many hours with people, you just have so much opportunity for fellowship. And you know, one of the brothers, he's from Arizona and he's an elder. He's, you know, just about 70. And he was talking about how God got a hold of his life. And I just love listening to those older brothers and to ask them, "How did you hear about this message? How can you be, you know, still serving God and and in the message of the hour, so many years later, 45 years, 50 years of service for the kingdom of God in this message and still just love him as much as the day when you first met him?" And he said, 'You know what I discovered was? I discovered that really my ways of thinking are are wrong. My ways of thinking are going to lead me into error. And alls I did was surrender myself to his will completely. If if if the Lord told me something, if I heard something preached, I would take it and apply it in my life. And I I got to the place where I recognized that God speaks to us through men. And and when God would speak to me individually, I would say, "Ouch, that hurts. I don't like that, but I'll do it." And he said, "When I started to do that in my life, when I was a young Christian, what I found was God just poured out a blessing on me." And then another step would come. God would say, "I don't like that. I want you to change that." And and I would do it. and God would just pour out another blessing on me. And he said, 'You know what I found? By serving the Lord and following his leadership, because he's a gentleman, he doesn't slap us into submission, he woos us. But by listening to his wooing, to his voice, what I found was I I got myself into a cycle of blessing for years, for decades. And he said, "I can't explain it other than full obedience to the complete word of God entitles us to the token. And when you get there, I've just experienced a continual cycle of blessing in my life." And I thought, "My, what an encouragement. Lord, help me. Help me capture that that place. Help me find that channel where I can experience that. I know that I have. I'm not saying that I have it. Not for a second. But let me just stay there in that position where it is a continual cycle of blessing. And you know the blessing isn't necessarily I've I've got a great job and I've got a big fat bank account and all my needs are looked after. You know, one of the biggest blessings that we can get, brothers and sisters, is to have a church to go to where we hear the pure word of God in season where we get the truth preached to us where it it maybe doesn't feel the best, maybe it doesn't look the best, but it is the best. That's all we need, brothers and sisters. If we can actually get to that place, I believe the Lord will just bless us in a way that we can't even contain it. Because the blessing after all isn't a Leodysian blessing. He doesn't say that I'm going to bless you with Leodysian blessings. He says try try test the spirits, but I I counsel you to buy of me gold that's tried in the fire. And we know we heard about that in the church age book. That is the character of of him, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's the character of him. But we've got to look at this message through the right perspective. And and does it align with the word of God? Does does our traditions align with the word of God? Does it align with the message of the hour? Do our actions match our confession? Does our confession match the word? Anybody can say that they believe God sent a prophet. Anyone can you know the Mormons do. If you listen to the testimony of a Mormon, you would sound you would hear someone talk just like a message believer. &gt;&gt; They believe the word of God. They believe God sent a prophet. It was an enlightened word that brought them to a greater understanding of the word. But you know, anyone can say that they believe a prophet. But the only one that's actually going to be right is the one who's actually able to receive the word for their day. And the word for their day is going to match the word of God. It's not going to be a supplementary word. God's not going to do it any other way. And you know, that's the thing for me. That was the crux that showed me that this vindicated prophet that we talk about, William Mary Brandham, maybe they say that he was often his doctor. They sure loved his first and second poll just like Jesus when he was here. They love the signs and wonders in Jesus' ministry. But boy, when he sat down one day and said, "I and my father are one." That's when they said, "You know, we love you, but we can't stand that you call yourself God." That's going too far. And we know that brother Bradom when he was in Regina, Canada, there was a shift in his ministry. And it went from being able to heal people and and see mighty healings and and discern the diseases that were in people and to be able to see the healings come on the scene. He know we know there was a man that walked across the platform. Brother Brandham says that in Regina, Canada. And that was a change of his ministry. It was to be able to discern the hearts of men. And there's only one person that can do that. And you know, when you start talking like that, it gets a bit weird. People love though the first and second pulls of that ministry as well. They like to see that there was someone able to tell them their address. There was someone able to tell them what their ailments were. And not just that, but they would say, "Sister sitting in the row with the blonde hair and the black dress with the flowers, you have this wrong with you. And the woman next to you is your mother, and she is praying for this. and the woman in the green dress, you're praying for that. And the man in the blue shirt, you're praying for that. Who could do that? But boy, when the cloud popped up in 1963, &gt;&gt; that cloud that we were talking about a little earlier where we, you know, we know that he was told turn it right, there's there's a perspective of it and he really talks about it in it is the rising of the sun. And it wasn't the su just for clarity. It was the rising of the S O N. It is the rising, the resurrection of the S O N, the Easter seal. That Easter seal is the literal life of Jesus Christ coming back on earth again. And that was what he was he was teaching. He was showing the world that there was an open book that the seals were opened and all of those unknown mysteries contained in the thunders that John was told to seal up, all of those mysteries were made history. All of that was explained. But that's where all of the theology, all of the the theologians, all of the great ministries around the world, they they closed their doors. They stepped back and said, "Nope, this guy's off his rocker." But this is where I wanted to get to, brothers and sisters. He didn't have plates that came down from an angel, and he wasn't given glasses that he could specially see and and have some brand new text that was given. What he said very clearly was all of those mysteries were not revealed in another book. They were already in the book. &gt;&gt; And it took the quickening power, the spirit of him to come by every single day when those seals were open. The angel of the Lord came and corrected him and showed him the meaning of those seals that were already in the Bible. It wasn't a new book. He said very clearly it couldn't be another book. It had to be the same word. But it's easy to say God sent a prophet. You know in James 2:19, "Thou believest that there is one God. Thou doest well." The devils also believe and tremble. The devils know it. The devils know full well that God sent a prophet. And we know, Brother Brandham says it so many times. Fools will tread in hobnailed shoes. Fools will walk in hobnailed shoes where angels fear to tread. They'll never go near it. Never. Never, never, never. But you know, some people in this world just aren't afraid. Just aren't afraid. In James 2:18, the verse just before it says, "Yay, a man may say, "Thou hast faith, and I have works." You know, Brother Brandham preaches works is faith expressed. Yeah. Your man may say, "Thou hast faith, and I have works. Show me thy faith without thy works. Talk is cheap. And I will show thee my faith by my works. The simple things, the ABCs. I'll show you that I believe by the life that I live. I heard it a couple times over the weekend when I was there. You know, Brother George Smith, he says this. I I might get it wrong. He says, "Preach, preach, preach a lot and sometimes speak preach the gospel with the life that you live and just every once in a while say something about it." Because the life that we live speaks way louder than the words that we speak. And why is that? Because if we live a life contrary to the words that we speak, people aren't going to believe us. They're going to call us a hypocrite and they'll say, "You're just like all the other Christians in this world. Why would I ever want to serve a God like that?" But you know, the devil, he knows, he knows full well and he trembles. And I think it's beautiful right now, brothers and sisters, anybody here under pressure tonight? Anybody here under anxiety or stress? This is the world that we live in. There's a reason for it. the the devil, he knows that his time is very very short. Over 50 years ago, the seventh angel messenger was in his position and he brought forth his message and God took him home. He finished his commission and God took him home. Otherwise, he would still be here. He did what he was supposed to do. And what was he supposed to do? He was Elyer for the bride of Christ. He was the L easer for this day for Isaac. And you know Rebecca heard his voice and Rebecca said, "Yeah, take me to him." And Rebecca has met him. And now there's a wedding going on. But that's the day in which we live, brothers and sisters. The devil is not going to give up easy. He's going to fight every single step of the way, every single inch of the way. And unless we're fully surrendered unto the Lord, the devil has right. He's got a right to that punch coming our way. But you know, when we actually are fully surrendered to this word of God, the devil can only punch so hard. He can only go so far. He has to actually stop. And I I just love it. Brother Ken, I'm I don't know why he keeps coming up tonight. I think it's so good. He always said it. You know, when we when we live our lives, we're sewing we're sewing seeds all the way along. And we're going to reap a harvest, some good harvest and some bad harvest as we go. But we can pray, Lord, lessen the bad harvest. &gt;&gt; Help those seeds not to grow as as good as they could because it's true. He can help us in our time of trouble. You know, I I've got a couple quotes tonight talking about the spirit of him. This one, the first one is 1958. the unity of one God in the one church. Brother Bradam, he says Jesus prayed for that in the prayer tonight. Our heavenly father prayed to the father that we would be one as he and God is one. And how close were they? God was the life and spirit in him. And if we are one with him, we will be life and spirit of him will be in us. I think it's I just want to say this tonight. It can be easy to read these and and say these and and even maybe believe these. Maybe we can have a little bit of this comes to mind easy belieism. But brothers and sisters, we're not talking about just the hearing of the word. We're talking about the doing of the word, seeing the word manifest in our lives. If it's not manifesting in our lives, the way that we're reading about it, then there's something wrong. And we're not wrong. There's just something wrong. And and I want to say tonight that there could be a quickening of the word to us. We could actually see a change in our lives, a change in our behaviors. It's not too late. Just because we've done it one way all the way along, it doesn't mean that it's the right way. And it doesn't mean that it will actually allow the full quickening power of the word to come forth in our lives. But if we actually just suspend all of our thinking and just say, Lord, hey, if there's something to what's being said tonight, just be it unto me according to the word that's coming forward. I promise you, he will quicken your mortal body to this word. It won't just be easy belieism. Amen. I believe God sent a prophet. Yeah. God was the life and spirit in him. And if we are one with him, we will be life and spirit of him will be in us. Then earthly carnal intellectuals conception and creeds and dogmas will fade out. They won't remain. If they're remaining in our lives, if they're holding on in our lives, I want to say tonight, what spirit is reigning in our lives? They will fade out and a new generated bornagain virgin experience of the baptism of the Holy Spirit will take place in the human heart. Then you'll be one. Then brother will really be brother. Sister will be sister. Your objectives and your motives and all that you are and all that you ever want to be or try to be will be for the kingdom of God. No matter what church you represent, where you go, or what you do. I think it's such a such a a beautiful thing to think about this. Doesn't matter where we go, it will be living for the kingdom of God. It will be living for others, desiring to see people come to the fullness of the word to the degree that we are, to the degree that we have. I just couldn't help but think about it when I was studying this a little bit, you know, thinking about the spirit of him and and the spirit of him and and how that Shunomite woman of second Kings chapter 4, she got to see the spirit of him before the Holy Spirit was come. But who I want to say this tonight, whose spirit was it that was represented in the prophet of Elijah? Who was that spirit? Not what was that spirit? Who was that spirit? It's the same spirit, brothers and sisters. It's not a different spirit. It's not a spirit that was separated under bulls and goats. It wasn't that. It can't be that. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. It has to be the exact same spirit. And we know this woman recognized it, right? Because she had an offering made unto this prophet. She was able to receive a son from the spirit that this prophet represented. And we know that the same spirit raised up her son. Her son got sick, had a headache, and maybe had a stroke in the field the one day. We know the story. And she said, "You know what? Hasten, saddle me and ass. Get me going. Get get us in the vehicle and let's get over there to where that prophet is because he's the one with the spirit of him. We need that spirit to come on the scene." God, that spirit gave me this son and God, that same spirit will raise this son up. She had a faith inside of her that was able to see the spirit of him. And and I think about another one as we continue on tonight. And and that's Gyrus's daughter. And Gyrus, we know, had a desire to see his daughter raised up again. And the spirit of him came by his way &gt;&gt; and brought his daughter back to life again. And we know brother Brandham talks about it. There was mockers in the house and he said, "Everyone just get out. Just get out of here. We got some business to do. I'm going to show you that it's the same spirit. It is not a different spirit. I am the resurrection and the life." And we know there's another one that came on the scene and that one was Lazarus. Lazarus had been dead. We talked about a little bit earlier. He he had been dead and Jesus allowed him to die. And he said, "I'm thankful that he's dead for your sakes so that you can see this so that you can witness the true power of almighty God." &gt;&gt; Lazarus was dead four days. We know that the sisters said that if you would have come wouldn't have happened. Sometimes he lets things happen in our lives so that we can see his power in our lives. And you know, brothers and sisters, I want to say this. What's greater? What's greater? If we see a great tremendous miracle in our life where we have a real need and and we bring it to the Lord and he gives us the answer for our need because we prayed and we believed or when we pray and we believe and he says no and he doesn't give us what we desire the way that we desire it. But when we go by years down the road and we look back and we can see that we still love him just the same as when we asked him before. Which is a greater miracle, brothers and sisters? Personally, I think it's a greater miracle, humanly speaking, that we could love him just as much or more down the road when we get the no answer than when we truly get what we desire. But we all have different opinions, varying opinions. And that's why I think it's beautiful. God has a bouquet of people and there is an absolute. And if we ever want to know where we stand, we can always just take a look down at our roots. We might be one type of flower and you might be one type of flower, but all of our roots are going to be feeding off the exact same nutrition. And that is the same word of God. That is our absolute. But we know Lazarus, he got to meet the spirit of him. There was nothing that Lazarus could do. Lazarus didn't even have ears to hear what the spirit saith. Right? Lazarus was bound head to foot. Lazarus couldn't do anything. But Jesus came to him. Jesus came to him and spoke his name. &gt;&gt; And you know, brothers and sisters, every single one of us is exactly like Lazarus. Dead. nothing that we could ever do for ourselves. I know that I was walking in sin. I was born in sin shaped in iniquity. Come to the world speaking lies. Thought that I had the ability to meet God. Thought that what was going on, witnessed it with my excuse me, my own eyes and and thought that it was fake and and hypocritical and all kinds of stuff. So, I just went headlong into the world. Should have been no hope for me. But God, who is rich in mercy, my my goodness. Yet when I was dead in sin and trespass, came and made himself known to me. My another one that I just can't help but think about tonight as we go is the centurion. And we know brother Brandham talks about that man is a type of the gentile church. We know the Jews are all about laying on of hands. And brother Brandham even says that we don't need to lay on hands. We've got the anointing that that centurion had, the same level of faith. I'm not even worthy that you would even come under my house for my servant who is very sick previously unto death. But if you would just speak one word, just speak one word about my servant. And he said, you know, I haven't seen faith like that in all of Israel. And here we are talking to some Gentile. Wow. But that centurion had a revelation about the spirit of him. There was something about this man. There was something in him. He if if the same spirit that's in him could just come by and quicken the mortal body of my servant, I know that he could get well. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Brothers and sisters, don't discount him in any way. Don't think that he can't come, that he won't come on the scene for us in our lives. You know, I just can't help but think about the the other Shunomite woman. We talked about her a little while ago, and I just felt like I had to mention her tonight. And you know, the modern-day Shunomite woman of Memphis, Tennessee, never heard about a prophet, never heard about a healing ministry, but she knew that there was an Elijah in the Bible. And we know that she got to praying because she believed there was a God. She believed there was a Jesus Christ that died and rose again for her sins. She believed and she believed that there was an Elijah for her. And she prayed all night for that Elijah to come her way. And wasn't it interesting that God literally sent her an Elijah to come and minister to her son, to raise up her son, that Shounomite woman. You know, in uh what's this one here? Blind Barameus. We talked about this a little while ago, but brother Bradomy says God lives in his people. He's alive working among his people, resurrected and calling out his people and wooing them to him. Isn't that beautiful? He's not slapping them to him. He's not forcing them to him. He's wooing them, reminding them over and over again, I love you. I desire you. I want to see you set with me in my throne. That's the promise for your age. Just get in line with the word for your day and you're set. That's all you have to do. Surrender your life to the word for your day. He's wooing them to him. And these true offices of God witness the same thing because they're filled with that spirit of him that was lived on earth in human flesh in the body of Jesus which sits at the right hand of God now to make intercessions and his spirit is down here moving among his people. Blessed be his holy name. moving in his people. A lively church filled with the spirit with the spirit of him. Not just a spirit. Not just the spirit, but his spirit filled with his spirit moving in his people. A lively church filled with the spirit. all of his gifts and wonders working perfectly in the body. You know, I think about a marriage as we talk about this like we heard about on Sunday and to think about his people, a lively marriage filled with the spirit. Because you know, brothers and sisters, we can talk about the church and having the spirit in the church and being truly surrendered in the church and having the spirit in the church and being baptized with the Holy Ghost in the church. But what about being baptized with the Holy Ghost in our marriage? Because we heard about it on Sunday, brothers and sisters, the life that we live in the marriage that we represent here is a direct reflection of our relationship with him up there. And when we get out of our lane down here, we're actually getting out of our lane up there. Now, some would say, well, the word of God says that I can never be lost because I'm forained before the foundation of the world, predestinated unto adoption, which indeed truly I believe every one of us are. And that's why every one of us align with the word every single time we hear about it. And you know, we get out of line. Who's going to raise their hand here tonight and say, "Brother Barry, I've never gotten out of line of the word. I've never ever been out of line as a husband. I've never ever been out of line as a wife. I've never ever been out of line as a brother or a sister. I've never been out of line as a deacon. I've never been out of line as a song leader or a pastor or or an evangelist. I've never been out of line. We would all be liars, wouldn't we? We would all be liars. Every one of us gets out of line. But what brings us back into line is our ability to say the word is the absolute &gt;&gt; and be it unto me according to thy word. &gt;&gt; You know, we've talked about it in the past and we were getting into it in the truck. I just love those conversations going down the highway as you're cruising down the road. But you know, unfortunately or fortunately, depending on how you look at it, you can see the spirit that's in people. You can see it loud and clear. And you know how you can see it is when correction by the word is brought. When correction by the word is brought, the reaction of the people, it shows who's on the inside. Who's your daddy? Who's your father? or maybe not who is your father, but who is influencing you right now? Who is influencing you right now? I I'll correct myself. I stand corrected. Who is influencing you right now? Because we can be saved and filled with the Holy Ghost and still be influenced the wrong way, brothers and sisters. We can still have our feelings hurt and allow those feelings to override us. My, now we're getting into something. You know, uh we are talking about this and I think it's so good. Brothers and sisters, one of the worst things that can be in our lives, one of the worst things that can hinder our spiritual walk is unforgiveness. And you know, if we say that we've forgiven brother so and so or sister so and so or parent so and so or daughter so and so or whoever, if we've forgiven them, but we just can't stop talking about it, I guarantee you, you have not forgiven them. You have not forgiven them. Because if you've forgiven them, you'll stop talking about it. You won't bring it up again. Especially in a marriage. When you do that in a marriage, your marriage is doomed. Your marriage is doomed. Mark my words on that. If you keep bringing up the past, bringing up the past, digging up bones, then your marriage is doomed. It will not last. And don't think for a second because you're in the message, because you go to Calgary Living Word that your marriage is exempt from divorce. Now, I'm not preaching this because I'm promoting it. And I'm preaching it as a warning. I'm preaching it to say, brothers and sisters, we heard brother Joel Galat say it that Adam thought his religion would save his relationship. Don't think the cloak of the message is going to save you from a divorce. The only thing that will save you from a divorce is the baptism of the Holy Ghost in your marriage. &gt;&gt; And if you're in a marriage and you don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, I want to say tonight, there's a pool downstairs right now that can be used. Don't go another step without it. But to think that, you know, I just can't forget. I can pull up quotes out of the message. Brother Brandham says we can forgive, but you know, we just can't forget because we're humans. Nope, you can't. But I can tell you by experience. Now, people might get upset with me and by all means approach me, send me a note or whatever, a text or whatever. You can choose to. You can choose to forget because the word of God says to take how many thoughts into captivity? All of them. So when the devil comes around with a bag full of bad memories and says, "Don't you remember these bad memories about this person that's talking to you bad right now? Don't you remember those hundreds of times that they've talked bad to you, shaking and rattling those bad memories?" You can choose to take that jar and start digging in there and pulling out bad memories. Or you can smash that jar and say, "Satan, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ. That is my wife. That is my husband. That is my son. That is my daughter. and I will not allow you to have power over any of us any longer &gt;&gt; in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; We have the choice. We can choose to say, "I no longer desire to bring up those memories." And you can ask God. Ask me and I'll tell you. Ask him and he'll show you. Please, Lord, take those memories away. Take those memories and throw them in the exact same place that you throw my sin. &gt;&gt; Take those memories and throw them there. And you know what? He will. &gt;&gt; There'll come a time where Satan will come around and try and rattle that jar, rattle that bag of memories, and you'll be like, "What is that awful sound? Man, I hate that sound." And and you'll just carry on with your life. It'll just be like a fly buzzing around. You'll just be like, "Get lost. Get out of here. You won't entertain it at all." But as long as you entertain it, it's going to keep coming around. &gt;&gt; You know, it's the worst thing, brothers and sisters, is unforgiveness. &gt;&gt; Unforgiveness will kill you. &gt;&gt; It will kill you physically and it will kill you spiritually. Unforgiveness, my old pastor, he used to say it. It's just like taking poison. I'm gonna take this vial of poison and I'm gonna wait for it to take effect on the person that I've unforgiven that I have not forgiven. It's just going to destroy us. That's all. &gt;&gt; And it's going to make the other people that are around you miserable because you can't hide your misery. But my when the spirit of him comes into our life &gt;&gt; and helps us align with his word. Brothers and sisters, we all need help to align with his word. There's none of us that's exempt that doesn't need help to align with his word. I need help to align with his word every day of my life. &gt;&gt; But when his spirit comes into us, when it's the spirit of him, then it's going to be a lively church. And I just can't help but think it's going to be a lively marriage. &gt;&gt; Husband's just going to love his wife. And because he loves his wife, she's going to reverence him. And and because she reverences him, he's going to love her more. And and the more he loves on her, the more she's going to reverence him. And and the more that happens, the more the kids are going to say, "Man, I just honor my parents. They just love each other so much." It just makes children so upset when parents bicker and fight. [Laughter] Come on, be honest. &gt;&gt; I know there's some marriages here that would say, "We never bicker and fight, Brother Barry." And I I have to say, "Wow." Okay. I I don't know. I don't know. Okay. All right. But maybe we just disagree. Sometimes there's tension and children pick it up. But I can't help but think this tonight that his people, a lively people, a lively church, a lively marriage filled with the spirit, all of his gifts and wonders working perfectly in the body. So, brothers and sisters, I just had this desire in in my heart as I was studying this, as I was contemplating what maybe we would talk about tonight. What's your need tonight? What's your need tonight? Every one of us has a need. &gt;&gt; He's more than able to meet our needs, brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; If you have a need and he hasn't met it in your life thus far, I would say stop doing things the way that you're doing them. Change the way that you're doing things. Change it up, man. To continue doing the same thing over and over again and hope that you're going to see a different result is the definition of what? &gt;&gt; Insanity. And that's not just a message term. That's natural understanding. How much more spiritually speaking with his spirit in our lives? If we have a need, he's more than able to meet it. Amen. &gt;&gt; He's more than able to meet it. And I want to say this, we've got a little bit of a we have a little bit of a a testimony that we can say. Something happens when we have prayer meeting here. &gt;&gt; Some people would say, "Brother Barry, we have enough church. Oh my, we have two services a week and just no way that we can schedule anything more in our lives. We're so busy with all that we do." And I know what it means to be busy, brothers and sisters. Don't get me wrong. I'm not mocking it and I'm not slamming it. But what I am saying is if you got a need, why aren't you here? Why aren't you in a prayer meeting? Give God a little bit more to honor and see if he won't come on the scene and honor it. &gt;&gt; Reschedu things. Say, you know what? The most important thing for me in my house is that we'll serve the Lord. &gt;&gt; And I believe that the spirit of him that was in all of those other people that we heard about tonight is in me. see if he won't come on the scene, brothers and sisters. It is the rising of the sun. As we wrap up tonight, brother Brandham, he says, "And as he being the groom, the bride has to come forth because it's part of him. It's not just someone else." It's so beautiful the way he says it in here. It's part of him and it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations any others has spoke of the bride. If you think about that for a second, just it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations that's ever been spoke of the bride. It can only manifest. This is where I think this is the crux of the message right here, brothers and sisters. If it does something different from the groom, it ain't the bride. Now, Brother Random says it isn't the bride. Brother Barry says it ain't the bride. If it does anything different than the groom, it isn't the bride. So, I think it's time that maybe we ought to just step back and take a look at it and say, "What's going on in my life? Is my life lining up to the groom? &gt;&gt; Is my life lined up to the groom?" I can say, brothers and sisters, my life can line up better to the groom. Can yours? &gt;&gt; Does our life line up to the groom? If it doesn't line up to the groom, then we ain't the bride. And you know, the word of God says that for some people it would have been better that they didn't even know than to pretend and carry on and receive the blessing of the Holy Ghost in the church with all the other people that truly live the life. But brothers and sisters, I'm not saying that no, nobody here doesn't live the life. I'm just saying this is what the prophet said about this life. If it does something different from the groom, it isn't the bride. She is flesh of his flesh. Bone of his bone. Life of his life. Power of his power. &gt;&gt; She is him. &gt;&gt; She is him. &gt;&gt; Yes. Isn't it interesting that at the end of the message of the vindicated prophet in 1965, after all of the messages, after all of the goings around of the world, all of the campaigns, all of the healing lines, all of the discernments, all of the third pole manifestations, everything, the full culmination of this prophet's message, he's talking about she being he. &gt;&gt; Take a look at this world around. Why are these people behaving the way they are? Well, it would have to be in a Sodom condition. Yeah, it does. Isn't it interesting? &gt;&gt; People are all mixed up thinking that they're supposed to be another gender when really they're supposed to be the bride. &gt;&gt; That's all. But the devil can't create. So, what does he do? He perverts. &gt;&gt; Takes people and gets them to think that they should be something that they're not. But if we would just allow the spirit of him to come inside of us, it would quicken us to his word. And we would understand what this means. That if it does something different from the groom, if it does something different from the word, if it does something different from the word of a vindicated prophet, which is the word of God, it isn't the bride because she is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, power of his power. She is him. It's the same in a marriage. The wife is going to do everything the husband wants. And if she doesn't, she is not part of him. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; She can say that she is all she wants, but her actions, her life demonstrates otherwise. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Same thing with a husband. If a husband has a wife and claims that's his wife, I have ownership of her, but boy, I just don't love her and I just don't treat her right. My actions are that I would rather be somewhere else than with her. What kind of an action is that? What kind of a life is that? What kind of a display is that? It's something different than the word. &gt;&gt; Something different. And they would say, "He's definitely not part of her." But boy, when the two become one, when the two want to follow the word of God, when the two just want to stay in their lane, when the husband says, "I don't I don't care. I'm not going to make excuses. I know that I've made so many mistakes along the way, but I still have time. I still have breath in my lungs, and she still has breath in her lungs. I'm going to make it better in my life, in my marriage. I just want to try." How many people after the service on Wednesday on Sunday didn't want to go home, those people that are married, and just try a little harder in your marriage? It made me want to just try and be a better husband to my wife. &gt;&gt; And I can guarantee you it makes the wives want to be a better wife to their husband. &gt;&gt; When you hear the word that way, who wouldn't want to stay in their lane? Who wouldn't want to stay in the word of God in their position after that? My &gt;&gt; she is him as a man and woman are one and a woman taken from his side. She had taken a spirit, the feminist spirit from him, the flesh from his side. Ma made made both mechanics and dynamics. The wife, the spirit of him and the flesh of him and put it together and made mechan mechanics and dynamics. And it is until the church or the people, brother Bradom says it is the rising of the sun. It's the spirit of him lives in us. It's going to quicken our mortal bodies to the word of God. &gt;&gt; We're not going to just make excuses and say that it's okay for it to be the way that it's always been because that's all it will ever be. What we're doing at that point is limiting the power of God. Who would want to limit the power of God? Who would want to, I'll say it this way, dumb down the power of God to say that I'm I am the way that I am because of the generational curses in my family. I am the way that I am because of the genetics in my family. What we're doing is saying that God is not able to deliver us from any of the afflictions in our lives. You know, when we talk about generational curses, and I'll say this, the the genetics can be the generational curses. Don't think for a second that they're not. Now, this could open a whole can of worms, but I'm I welcome it. Let's talk about it. What we do is we say that God is not able to deliver us, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; We take that away from God and say, "No, that is actually more powerful than the God that I serve." &gt;&gt; Let's not do that. Let's say that the God that I serve is more powerful than any force in this world. We know that the word of God says that he would actually visit what is it? the iniquities of the fathers upon the children to the third and the fourth generation, not to those that love him, &gt;&gt; to those that hate him. &gt;&gt; And as believers, do we hate him? &gt;&gt; So, how can we dare say that we've got a curse? &gt;&gt; I'll call the musicians. We serve a mighty God, brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; Don't give the devil any credit. &gt;&gt; Doubt your doubts. &gt;&gt; Give God the glory. Amen. &gt;&gt; Take the word of God and say, "It's my absolute." And not just say it's my absolute, but make it your absolute. &gt;&gt; If you have troubles in your marriage, examine your life. Don't examine your spouse's wife life. &gt;&gt; Your spouse shouldn't have a wife. Just examine your own life. Take a look in the mirror of God's word and say, "Do I line up with that word?" because if I don't, then I need to. It's pretty easy to put it off on someone else. But it's all about this introspection. Inspect me from the inside. Create in me a clean heart, Lord, and renew a what? A right spirit within me. &gt;&gt; Maybe stand with me tonight as we close. Just like to thank the brothers for stepping in. Brother Emanuel is going to take the service this Sunday. We're going to be away again. Just going to have a little time with the family and certainly thankful that we're able to do it. You know, as parents, we only get so many summers with our children and uh I'm certainly thankful that we have the opportunity to spend some time. God, richly bless you tonight. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, tonight we just are so thankful for your spirit. Lord, we're so thankful that we have had a personal introduction, Lord Jesus, to your spirit. That we understand full well that it's not something intangible. It's not one of many spirits. That truly you are the person of Jesus Christ. You chose to manifest yourself to the human race in Jesus Christ, the mighty Jehovah, the one who framed the universe, who who put the foundations of the world together, the one who spoke to Job out of the whirlwind and asked him to declare, "Who is it that strang, oh Lord Jesus, that laid the foundations of the earth?" To declare, "Oh, who is that one?" Father, we know that we can talk to you. We can talk to that one that that Job spoke to out of the whirlwind that Moses met on top of the mountain. Father, that one that spoke and said, "This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." Thank you, &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus. Tonight, if we have made this gospel anything other than what it is truly the coming of the person of Jesus Christ, Father, we ask that you would forgive us for it, Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; And we ask that Lord Jesus, maybe for some people, maybe not for everyone, maybe just for one, maybe just for two, maybe for some, Lord Jesus, that we have lived this message in such a way that it's just never brought the right results for us in our life. And Lord, we know that somewhere in there, there is a a cycle of blessing in a in our lives. if we could ever just align ourselves just right, Father. I pray that tonight you would allow ourselves to align ourselves, Father, with your word, Lord, that we could see a cycle of blessing, maybe like we've never experienced before, Lord. Oh father, not just with money and and with with things in this world, materialism, Father, but with the revelation of this word, Lord, to be able to not be proud, oh Father, but to humble ourselves in the sight of God, Lord, to submit ourselves one to another in the fear of God. to allow that spirit that we're talking about to permeate every area of our lives, Lord, not to think that we're right and everyone else is wrong. Father, Lord, we're so thankful that you spoke to us through your prophet and said that true revelation never pops up. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; But it causes a humility &gt;&gt; with agape love. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father, tonight we just ask that you would keep your hand upon us, Lord. &gt;&gt; That you would just make yourself so real to us, Lord. Father, as we go our separate ways, I pray that you would keep your hand upon us. That you would just be with us, Father, every step of the way. And Lord, I thank you for the brethren, Lord, willing to put their shoulders to the wheel here on the body and the offices of the church. Lord, the ministers in the church, Lord. Thank you for the brothers taking the word to Lebridge, Lord. Father, we pray that you would just continue to bless them and the work that you're doing through them &gt;&gt; tonight. We love you, Lord, and we thank you. We pray that you would be with those who couldn't be here wherever they are for whatever reason. Lord, if it be your will for us to meet again on Sunday, we just will be careful to give you praise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Just ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead &gt;&gt; dwells in you. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you dwell in you. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, dwell in you. It will quicken your mortal body. If that spirit dwells in you, it shall quicken your mortal body. [Music] If that spirit dwells in you, if the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you, dwells in you. Him that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwells in you. Dwells in you. It shall quicken your mortal body. That spirit dwells in you. It shall quicken. Your mortal body in that spirit dwells in you. Can we sing the potter's hand tonight? Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. I know for sure that all of my days are held in your hands. They're crafted into your perfect plan. You can be calling into your presence, guiding me by your Holy Spirit. Teach me, dear Lord, to live all my life through your eyes. &gt;&gt; Your holy calling set me aart. Lord, I know you're drawing me to yourself. Make me Lord I pray. [Music] Take me. Hold me. Use me. Fill me. I give my life to the father's hand. Take me. Guide me. [Music] Walk inside me. I give my life to the father's hand. Amen. Can we sing Because He lives as we dismiss tonight. Start with the chorus. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone [Music] because I know he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music] First sent his son. They call him Jesus. He came into [Music] Amen. We live forever. [Music] to my body. [Music] And he grave is there to prove my savior. [Music] Because he lives I can face tomorrow because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone because I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he [Music] And then one day, one way or another, I'll cross that river. [Music] I fly in life [Music] with [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you Lord [Music] to victory. [Music] I'll see the lights of glory and I'll glory. God bless you tonight because he lives [Applause] I can [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my go. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Are [Music] you [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Goodbye. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
